---
id: 6WB-1344
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Fake System Identification Number (SIN)
page: 274
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fake System Identification Number (SIN)

In 2080, you’re just a number. Well, a series of numbers and letters connected to biometric and personal history data in the Global SIN Registry. Most citizens, be they national or megacorporate, receive their SINs at birth and carry them until they die. Not having a SIN means living outside the system with restricted or nonexistent civil rights. Shadowrunners by default are SINless, having a SIN only if they have the SINner quality (p. 78). Most runners don’t have one, either because they were unfortunate enough to be born poor, or because they lost it or ditched it somewhere along the way. SINs are digital, not physical objects. They exist on your commlink as data and are broadcasted as part of your PAN but are only accessible to legal entities with special access codes.

Getting by without a SIN can be a pain, so most runners settle for the next best thing: a fake. High quality fakes are difficult for the Man to spot; low quality fakes are … less good. The rating of the fake SIN is used in tests against verification systems, and SINs are available in ratings from 1 to 6.

Just like a real SIN, anytime you use a fake SIN for legitimate activity, you leave a datatrail in your wake. The fact that criminal activities can be tracked to fake SINs makes fake SINs inherently disposable. Most runners operate two or more fake SINs at a time—one for legal activity like paying rent and going shopping, another for shadier activity, and possibly a third to be used only when it’s time to get the hell outta Dodge.
