---
id: 6WB-1635
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: SKILL LEVELS (p. 98)
page: 98
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SKILL LEVELS (p. 98)

Note that the numbers in this table refer to skill rank plus specialization or expertise.

**RANK EXPERTISE**

- 0 Untrained: You’ve never tried to do the thing you’re about to do, at least not seriously.

1 Novice: You’ve taken a few lessons, done some reading, but you’re still pretty new to this area. 2 Advanced beginner: You’ve put in some time and practice, and it shows, but you know many people could easily outpace you. 3 Journeyman: Your skills are starting to be recognized. Your accumulating experience is clear. 4 Professional: When people are hiring for this particular skill, they look for someone like you. 5 Advanced professional: Even other pros realize that you’ve raised your game, and if they don’t hustle you’ll leave them behind. 6 Local legend: You haven’t hit the big time, but people who know you speak of your skill with great respect. 7 Elite: Now you’re making it toward the top. With this level of skill, you outpace the vast majority of the rest of the world. 8 Elite pro: Not only can you make money in this skill, but you’re recognized as one of the best by your peers. 9 National elite: You’re one of the best in your entire nation in this area. 10 Multinational elite: Your skills go beyond your national borders, and they are good enough to excel even in international competition. Global elite: If there were Olympics for this skill, you’d be considered a gold-medal contender. If there are Olympics for this skill, you should 11 probably enter them.

12 GOAT: When people talk about the Greatest of All Time, your name is in the mix, if not at the top of the list.

**==> picture [318 x 130] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                |                |
| -------------- | -------------- |
| interval scale |                |
| TASK           | TIME INTERVAL  |
| Fast           | 1 combat round |
| Quick          | 1 minute       |
| Short          | 10 minutes     |
| Average        | 30 minutes     |
| Long           | 1 hour         |
| Consuming      | 1 day          |
| Exhausting     | 1 week         |
| Mammoth        | 1 month        |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
