---
id: 6WB-0974
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Street Doc
page: 215
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Street Doc

**Uses:** Medical care, information, additional contacts, gear (drugs)

**Places to Meet:** Local clinic, body shop

**Similar Contacts:** EMT, ambulance driver, street mage/shaman

Those pesky rules about gunshot wounds and calling the local policing corp make traditional medical treatment, for a shadowrunner, a bit of an inconvenience. Add in paperwork, and therefore paper trails (yes, we know it’s all electronic), and you’ve got an ARO pointed right toward you when the investigations begin. When it comes to shadow medical care, you need to know a street doc. Most of them operate out of local clinics or body-mod shops and sneak in bleeding runners through the back entrance. The best ones don’t ask a lot of questions, except the universal opening line: “Who’s paying for this?”

Street docs are stereotyped as disgraced docs, but some are medical school dropouts, nurses, or former combat medics looking to make a little extra nuyen on the side or doing the only job they know how to do. The top-end ones, those who were former docs, will often offer services other than just putting you back together, like installing new (or lightly used) cyberware. Which means many also offer an additional way of paying your street doc, as most don’t have an account with Zeiss or EvoWare to order new cyber through. Instead, they pay decently for used ’ware, or bodies with used ’ware in them. Just remember to keep your street doc happy. You might get better deals, receive better treatment, and be a lot less likely to die on the table and have your parts sold to organleggers.


## street doc

| **B** | **A** | **R** | **S** | **W** | **L** | **I** | **C** | **ESS** |
| ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ------- |
| 2     | 4     | 2     | 2     | 2     | 4     | 3     | 2     | 6       |

**Skills:** Biotech 6, Electronics 3, Influence 4, Perception 3 **Knowledge Skills:** Biology, Medical Advances, Organleggers, Psychology, Smugglers
