---
id: 6WB-0420
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Surprise
page: 109
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Surprise

Combat may start without all of the people involved knowing what’s happening. In these cases, some characters might be surprised, giving the other characters the drop on them. In a situation where one side is trying to surprise the other, use Surprise tests.

To determine Surprise, roll a Reaction + Intuition (3) test. The threshold for this test may be modified based on the different groups’ awareness of the overall situation, their perception of the area, the preparations made for the ambush, and so forth. Characters who are deliberately planning an ambush do not roll for surprise.

Anyone who succeeds in this test may move on to rolling Initiative, and they can act normally in Initiative order. Those who fail this test also roll Initiative, but they cannot act or spend Edge in the first combat round. They still roll to defend against attacks and to soak damage, but they cannot take any actions on their own. Once that first combat round is over, they can act normally.


## SURPRISE

The Crimson Crush were not keen on getting a beatdown in a bar on their own turf. A few of them spot Oda on the street and make a call to a few chummers up the road who set up a little ambush. As Oda approaches, they spring the ambush and everyone makes a Surprise test.

Oda rolls 9 dice, Reaction 6 + Intuition 3, and gets 3 hits, matching the threshold of the test. He’s not going to be surprised here. If he had, he would have had no actions in the first combat round, and he would have to hope the gangers didn’t beat him too badly.
