---
id: 6WB-0040
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Non-Governmental Organizations
page: 21
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Non-Governmental Organizations

There are several other organizations that are neither corporation nor government. Their global reach and wealth make them relevant to the conversation. NGOs are interest-based organizations often founded by wealthy donors or through money funneled through legitimate governments. The **Atlantean Foundation** and the **Black Lodge** are two organizations founded by magic users and whose primary interests are magic and the recovery of magical items, while the **Draco Foundation** and the somewhat-related **Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research** were born out of a dragon’s hoard and exist to carry out his will beyond the grave.

Several popular NGOs known as policlubs exist to promote racial division. The **Humanis Policlub** is the most well-known. They see human and meta as a black-and-white division, like good vs. evil. One guess as to which side they think is good. While Humanis is the pinnacle of rage, hatred comes from both sides of the racial divide. That work is based on shifting the perceptions of the races they hate or improving the perceptions of their own.

Universities can be just as dangerous as megacorporations, because they are often locked in a competition where name recognition directly correlates to funding. Faculty extractions are commonplace, especially between the public and private universities.
