---
id: 6WB-0051
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Horizon
page: 24
authority_level: 3
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Horizon

**Corporate Court Ranking (2080):** 10 **Corporate Slogan:** “Moving Minds” **Corporate Status:** AAA, private corporation **World Headquarters:** Los Angeles, PCC **CEO/President:** Gary Cline

Horizon is the corporation every teenager wants to work for. Horizon doesn’t sell trends, they create them. You can bet that new trend has been crowdsourced, vetted, deconstructed, re-analyzed, and proofed before being

**==> picture [73 x 51] intentionally omitted \<==**

foisted on the public as a spontaneous emergence. The company can do this because they’re already in people’s heads. Horizon is the world leader in social media, so when the sheeple flip on the trid or slot a simsense chip, Horizon is there processing your habits to determine what they should convince you to like next. Horizon expects to control what you think. It’s in the slogan.

THEcan **Koshari** , **Vory v Zakone** , elven **Laesa** , **Seoulpa Rings** —there is no shortage of criminal syndicates to get involved with. Syndicates are street-level performers heavily involved in trafficking and protection schemes. They operate in specific geographical turf, and getting involved with a syndicate tends to mean doing work that protects their turf. There is money to be made working for one syndicate versus another, but be careful about forming allegiances, because once you do, you become the enemy of everyone else in the cesspool.

The lowest level of organized crime is the street gangs. These are local organizations usually anywhere from ten to one hundred members. Some gangs reach beyond their sprawl, spreading their wings and making a name for themselves. The Cutters come to mind, with chapters in multiple cities.
