---
id: 6WB-0993
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Eastern Dragons
page: 219
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eastern Dragons

Eastern dragons are native to eastern Asia. An eastern dragon is approximately thirty meters long from nose to tail, and it stands approximately 2.5 meters high at the shoulder. They are colorful and serpentine. Their heads are broad and adorned with a chinful of whiskers that extends to the rear portions of the skull. They also have multiple pairs of horns rising from behind their eyes, and a pair of barbules descends from beneath the pronounced nasal region. Their bodies are covered in scaly armor; a spiny fan runs the length of the back and down the tail. The highly dexterous paws are four-fingered (though some variants may possess three or five fingers per paw), with each digit ending in a large claw. The most common pattern of eastern dragon coloration is iridescent green with golden whiskers and belly scutes, but various other color patterns have appeared.

**Sirrush:** The sirrush is indigenous to Asia Minor and appears similar to the eastern dragon. It has longer limbs than the eastern dragon, though, and it’s a bit shorter at twenty-five meters in length. The difference in average length is almost entirely due to the much shorter tail of the sirrush. It also has a longer, narrower head without the whiskers and barbules of its eastern cousin. A sirrush isn’t as colorful as the eastern dragon, either; its scales tend to be in earth tones of brown, grey, gold, and terra cotta. In terms of game statistics, however, a sirrush is identical to an eastern dragon.

**==> picture [17 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
