---
id: 6WB-1712
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: "\xDC1: Hail, Eris! Hail, Discordia!"
page: 334
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ü1: Hail, Eris! Hail, Discordia!

Discordianism is a deep-reaching rabbit hole that can be entered through any online encyclopedia or directly by studying the Discordian Bible, the Principia Discordia. While Discordian beliefs are mostly taken as jokes outside of Berlin, exceedingly serious philosophical, business, and even magical cabals have sprung up in Berlin’s Flux State, centered on the contemplation or worship of the Greek goddess of discord Eris or her daughter Dysnomia, the goddess of lawlessness. Most of Berlin’s Discordians are just in it for fun and use Eris’ worship to demonstrate the absurdity of ecclesiastical and secular order. Some are Dadaists, whose agitation is primarily protest against pop culture and the art establishment. Much more dangerous are the Rabulists, who use Schopenhauer’s Eristic Dialectics to create opinion wars in the Matrix, district assemblies, and even boardrooms, with the aim of disintegrating all social structures. Many act on their own initiative, but the best of them act as paid Shitman (character/reputation assassins). In the Matrix, the technomancers of the Diskordier gang spread targeted Dissonance, while some Discordian mage covens seek to undermine the foundations of reality itself through chaos magic in the spirit of Aleister Crowley.

While the worship of the goddess Eris is mostly a secondary aspect in all these subgroups, it is at the core of numerous neo-pagan cabals that actually worship Eris, Dysnomia, and sometimes Lethe as well as the principles of chaos, strife, and lawlessness in the sense of ancient Greek cults. In the streetscape of Berlin, the five-fingered Hand of Eris and the golden apple of discord with the word “Kallisti” in the center are by far the most widespread graffiti and tattoo motifs, along with the anarcho “A” or the Flux State “F” surrounded by a circle. Fun fact: Many Discordians are outspoken Lofwyr fans. For as the Principia Discordia’s Pentabarf states: “Every Golden Apple Corps is the beloved home of a Golden Worm” (another source of Alhazred’s influence within the community).
