---
id: 6WB-0973
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Mr. Johnson
page: 215
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mr. Johnson

**Uses:** Shadowruns, job-related information, additional contacts

**Places to Meet:** Just about anywhere he wants **Similar Contacts:** Company man, government agent

If you want consistent work and the consistent flow of nuyen that comes with it, you’ll want several Mr. Johnsons who have you and your team at the top of their list. While they don’t officially exist, Mr. Johnson gets around, because without them, all shadowrunners would be out of a job. The anonymous moniker stands between the shadows and the corps as the one who gets their hands dirty so the powers of the world don’t have to. They are the key piece that makes runners deniable assets.

Mr. Johnson sets the meet, hires their favorite (or least-favorite) talent, and pays for results. They’ll be your source for initial information on the job they’re hiring you for, or at least the information they are willing to offer and feel you’re going to need. Their position near the corps means they can occasionally procure some of the specialized items you might need to complete the job. Mr. Johnson is a font of connections and has a long memory for both success and failure, though the latter sticks longer. While some have a reputation for double-crossing their assets, a lot of that is street legend, since double-crossing Mr. Johnsons need to be especially careful or they’ll find a team of runners gunning for them. If you treat them

well, they’ll generally return the favor. Screw one over, even once, and you just might find out what it’s like to be on the other side of a team of shadowrunners—or worse, slowly starving as every job in the city dries up. Runners cost nuyen, but influence is free to the powerful.

| mr.        | johnson                  |            |            |            |            |            |              |
| ---------- | ------------------------ | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ |
| **B**<br>2 | **A**<br>**R**<br>2<br>2 | **S**<br>2 | **W**<br>3 | **L**<br>3 | **I**<br>4 | **C**<br>4 | **ESS**<br>6 |

**Skills:** Con 4, Electronics 4, Firearms 3, Influence 5, Perception 3 **Knowledge Skills:** Corporate Finances, Corporate Rumors, Psychology, SOTA Technology
