---
id: 6WB-0719
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'Matrix Security: Grid Overwatch Division'
page: 170
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Matrix Security: Grid Overwatch Division

In the wake of the Second Crash in 2064, the new Matrix that was born from the ashes of the old one gave rise to widespread wireless technology. No longer did users have to use a cable to jack into the Matrix—now, they could wirelessly connect from anywhere they could receive a signal. The network had become such a reliable mesh that roaming between grids became the norm. A hacker could conceivably never leave their home and still interact with (and break into) any number of devices and hosts around the world, using only their commlink.

That all changed in the mid-2070s, when the Corporate Court Matrix Authority created the **Grid Overwatch Division** , or GOD. Initially, this organization comprised representatives of the Big Ten megacorporations who propped up the Matrix after the Crash, and it was tasked with keeping an eye on the emergence of artificial intelligences. Their authority was soon expanded to make them a watchdog group responsible for tracking down illegal use of the Matrix—and to help define what was and was not legal. This practice was adoptedindividually by other corporations, who formed their own internal groups, colloquially known as demi-GODs.

With the increase in GOD’s power, the Wild West era of the new Matrix was all but over. Still, there are those who know how to fly under the radar, at least for little while, before they are caught.
