---
id: 6WB-0053
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: A Brief History of the Sixth World
page: 24
authority_level: 3
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Brief History of the Sixth World

I’m sure the history lessons from your corporate-funded primary school did a great job of sharing the version of history according to whatever corp footed the bill. There is nothing wrong with that. Everyone tells the same story about the big moments. What is lost are the connective fibers between those moments. History is the timeline sprinting backward from where you are right now, zigging and zagging between those huge datapoints. If you’re here reading this, then where you are now is in the shadows. There is no corporation shelling out cash to turn this into the history theywant. In spite of the specific circumstances that led you here, there are certain inexorable occurrences that made it certain that you had no other choice than to become a runner. If you’re with the church set you might think all of this is God’s plan—whichever God you subscribe to, of course. These aren’t necessarily in chronological order. In our lifetimes, a lot of bad drek tends to happen all at once, and only after we’ve sifted through the wreckage do we start to approach the idea of what came first and how it all affects us. This world is harsh and unfriendly, but it also makes a drekload of sense. You pull on the right threads, you can trace where your life is now all the way back to the beginning.

It all started with a plague.
