---
id: 6WB-0001
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 1
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

THE ODDS ARE AGAINST YOU. Of course they are. The other side has more people, more firepower, more money, more everything. What they don’t have is you—your brains, your guts, and your willingness to put everything on the line. Your job is to make that count.

**Shadowrun, Sixth World** is the latest edition of one of the most popular role-playing games of all time. In 2080, the world is controlled by massive megacorps that draw on a wealth of technology and magic to keep the world under their heels. But there are some people who resist, who refuse to sell out, and who survive by living in the margins and developing the skills that make them indispensable. They are shadowrunners, and they’re waiting for you to join their ranks. Be an elf shaman, an ork street samurai, a dwarf rigger, or any of thousands of other possibilities. Find your unique expertise and use it to take the wild chances that can keep you alive, that will give you that one last chance at freedom. So you can survive until the next one.

**City Edition: Berlin** contains the full, updated rules content of **Shadowrun, Sixth World** along with bonus pages of art, fiction, contacts, plot hooks, and other content to get players started in Berlin....

**==> picture [7 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
®<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

CAT28000B

**Under License From**

catalystgamelabs.com I shadowruntabletop.com

**==> picture [79 x 45] intentionally omitted \<==**
