---
id: 6WB-0060
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: The CFD Crisis
page: 31
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The CFD Crisis

Lessons learned from VITAS and the Chicago Containment were put to the test when **cognitive fragmentation disorder** (CFD) was uncovered in the early 2070s. CFD is a digitally transmitted condition that propagates from nanotech hives and geneware, making anyone wired with that type of tech vulnerable. Basically, infected nanites interact with a host brain, and the personality of the victim is overwritten with that of an AI. At the beginning of the crisis, we called the victims head cases. They walked and talked like the people we know and love, but it wasn’t them at the wheel. The infected called themselves Monads, a throwback to hacker coding language.

At the height of the crisis, the CFD-infected dragon Eliohann (long story) attacked NeoNET’s Boston HQ but was repelled by a combination of corporate and military forces. The dragon’s arrival marked the start of a CFD outbreak in the city. The Corporate Court Crisis Coordination Committee (C5) sprang into action, swiftly locking down Boston both physically and in the Matrix. Corp-operated clinics popped up everywhere the megas had a presence and offered free screening for CFD. On the surface, the corps worked to localize all instances of the outbreak. However, a secondary purpose was to gather all of the CFD-infected patients they could and attempt to control the virus. We hadn’t yet learned our lesson from Ares bug failures. Nearly every megacorporation took in Monads. AA-rated Mangadyne initiated Project Monad amidst a sweet-smelling PR cloud. Several different attempts at a cure have been made, with the best results coming when the Monad is willing to leave the host.

Evo’s Mars Base Gagarin hosts the largest remaining population of Monads. However, many of them loaded themselves into the Deep Space Exploration and Colonization I (DSECI) and departed for parts unknown. While Evo took on the public burden of the Monads crisis, behind the scenes all fingers pointed at NeoNET. The corporation took heavy losses in the form of lives and assets until it lost its AAA status.
