---
id: 6WB-1680
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Freedom Amidst Walls
page: 324
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Freedom Amidst Walls

The Flux State and the years of the Second Berlin Division under corporate rule still define everyday life in Berlin. The anarchists’ hatred of the members of the former corporate council runs just as deep as the concerns of the corporations about acts of terror by the sprawl guerrillas. The result is agitation and demarcation at both ends of the spectrum and a tense silence that can erupt into violence at any moment. Berliners live in constant fear of a new civil war in the city, which many people see as unavoidable. For this reason, many citizens live in protected residential enclaves—be they classic “gated communities” with gatehouses and security guards, or the alternative apartment block that has been walled off on street level, to which visitors can only gain access via a condescending fire escape.

Berlin is a bustling and restless city. Especially in the alternative districts, where the number of deniers of technology as a corporate blessing is greatest, there is almost a feeling like 100 years ago. The mostly unregistered pubs are smoke-filled and crowded. Live music is common; there are pinball arcades and billiard parlors and, especially in summer, a continuous festival atmosphere.

The media revels in portraying Berlin as a crisis zone that would be better demolished and rebuilt. Even the mega-investments of corporations in Berlin’s West have only been able to partially remove the devastation of the Downfall and F-State. In the east, buildings with World War II damage can still be seen, streets are humps of partially tarred cobblestones, and some neighborhoods are still waiting for (or vigorously resisting) connection to public power and communication networks. But Berlin’s failure as a city reaches deeper than building fabric and infrastructure: the failure of both the neo-anarchist dream of the F-State and the failed utopian promise of Berlin’s corporate council have dug deep into the souls and life stories of many Berliners. And who, if not those who have failed elsewhere, will find their way to Berlin in the first place?

**==> picture [17 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

// berlin city data


berlin city data //
