---
id: 6WB-1737
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Basic Gear
page: 341
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Basic Gear

Berlin is a city of conflict, always just one attack or media-staged corporate action away from civil war. Security and the clear assignment of the individual to the faction that prevents the opponent from opening fire is therefore of vital importance for survival. The survival kit for Berlin therefore includes:

**A “Don’t frag with me” appearance:** You don’t have to be the toughest guy on the block. It’s enough to not look like easy prey. In a sense, the display of defensiveness is the overarching style of Berliners, at least outside the tightly controlled corporate sectors. Outside Berlin, armored clothing, facial scars, obvious implants, or the Super Warhawk at your side may be unseemly—here, anyone walking around in Berlin’s anarcho zones with a Hawaiian shirt and no weapons is a complete dork or worse: a tourist. Even in the Berlin corporate scene, military uniform cuts and open displays of militancy are much more normal than elsewhere.

**Armor:** The so-called “Berlin Standard”—an advertising label also widespread outside Berlin— includes a Defense Rating of at least +2 plus chemical protection of at least rating 3. Showing one’s defensiveness is no stigma in Berlin: stiff long coats, recognizably padded vests, or the heavily fashionable “clochette,” a women’s bell hat inspired by the 1920s that is at its core a hard-shell helmet—are all signs here that one is not an idiot. Speaking of which: Never forget that the grannie at the window beat the crap out of the super-rich and their police squadrons in her teens, and under her cat blanket is probably a Panther assault cannon that she loves more than her three current husbands combined.

**Weapons:** Alternative Berliners value reliability and anonymity above all else. For this reason, especially in the anarcho zones, the weapons that are most widespread are throwbacks (p. 247). Many are actually old and have been maintained for decades, others are replicas of popular weapons from Berlin sweatshops such as Sorokin (Marzahn), HausKampf (HaKa, Gropiusstadt), and Barzani (Spandau). The most popular models still include the classic Altmayr SP shotgun pistol, the Sorokin replica of the Ares Predator I, any remaining stocks of the long retired Altmayr White Star police pistol, the Ceska Black Scorpion automatic pistol, old Uzi submachine guns (sometimes under the German designation MP2), and in the assault rifle field, the classic Kalashnikov (in Berlin, usually AKMS, AK97, or AK-103), the Samopal vz/88V, and the Sorokin G9, a replica of the former Bundeswehr rifle H&K G9A4z.
