---
id: 6WB-1095
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Chemical Detection Modifiers table
page: 242
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chemical Detection Modifiers table

**==> picture [219 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SITUATION MODIFIER<br>Every 10 rounds of ammo +1<br>Every grenade +1<br>Every 30 grams of non-plastique explosive +1<br>Every 100 grams of plastique +1<br>Item contained in plastic –1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Olfactory scanners can also be used as **pheromone scanners** to detect the pheromones that metahuman bodies release into the air. These are uncommon but can be useful for detecting individuals who have otherwise effectively concealed themselves via technological or magical means from regular security devices. Pheromone scanners are sophisticated enough to tell the difference between a metahuman and an animal, and even different metatypes and species. They are not, however, advanced enough to single out an individual. In order to pick up a scent, the scanner rolls its device rating against a threshold of 3 (2 for characters with tailored pheromone bioware).

**Magnetic anomaly detectors** (MADs) detect metallic substances for the purpose of finding concealed weaponry. Naturally, MADs do not work against non-metallic substances like wood, stone, or plastic. To determine if the detector finds a weapon, make a test using the device’s rating as the dice pool; a single hit detects any ferrous-metal weapons or objects (guns, knives, etc.).



**Millimeter wave detection systems** , also known as cyberware scanners, process video taken in the millimeter wave spectrum to identify the energy signatures of cyberware and concealed items (specifically weapons) on a person. These devices can perceive through thick layers of clothing and other concealment to identify items from a distance of fifteen meters away. To determine if the detector scans cyberware or a prohibited item, roll the device rating and compare the hits scored to the thresholds given on the Cyberware Scanner Table. Millimeter wave scans can detect any non-biological item by its shape and composition, assuming the item is listed in the device’s database. If the threshold is reached, the scanner detects the item/ implant and notes its general locations and type; additional hits provide more detail (function, model, grade, etc.).
