---
id: 6WB-0014
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Jack in and Tune Out
page: 13
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jack in and Tune Out

Once the new smell of magic wore off, tech scraped back into the spotlight. 2024 was the birth of simsense. This was an evolution of virtual reality that allowed you to sink completely into a digitally realized reality indistinguishable from real life. Simsense works off of Artificial Sensory Induction System Technology ( **ASIST** ), which allows a person to disconnect from their physical senses and truly feel (and taste and smell) sensory impressions recorded on a chip. It presented an easy enough way out of a world that couldn’t promise anything. Unlike video games, simsense lets you really feel the recorded experiences of individuals as they lived. Instead of watching a movie, you experienced it down to the heart-pumping sensations of fear, happiness, anger, even lust. You could dive through the clouds in a fighter jet, experience the rush of chasing down a criminal through Seattle streets, or even be that criminal running for his life as the jackboots of Lone Star officers close in. Simsense can record everything a person experiences and feed you that same experience. Naturally, the

tech spawned a black market of better-than-life chips ( **BTLs** ) that offered irregular, amped-up experiences, and even snuff chips.

ASIST technology merged with Direct Neural Interface to form the basic technological premise of what we call the Matrix. You jack into a computer network and you’re in another world. Depending on the intricacy of the code, it can feel like the real thing. Hackers take it one step further, running hot, without the safety parameters engaged to have a faster response time. It comes with risks. Run hot and biofeedback can be lethal. ASIST kills. Between 2064 and 2075 ASIST killed more than 21,000 Matrix users. Those are just the deaths reported by the corporations and the government. We know the number is higher. ASIST led to the development of vehicle control rigs ( **VCR** ). That technology is the backbone of the transport industry. It makes it possible for us to jack into vehicles, drones, and even security networks and control them with a thought.

Tech moves so fast these days that it is hard to believe that the modern Matrix is barely over half a century old. In that time, we’ve gone from linking into keyboard-sized cyberdecks to handheld wireless commlinks that sync to the local grid. The Matrix used to be a thing you had to jack into. Now it impacts the physical world through augmented-reality objects. Twice, the Matrix crashed and burned, rising from its digital ashes as a more robust version of its former self. In the wake of the last Crash, corporate organizations banded together in order to reshape the Matrix into Danielle de la Mar’s vision of a global grid of networks regulated by a singular authority called GOD, or **Grid Overwatch Division** . We live in the Orichalcum Age of the Matrix, but we still don’t understand the secrets it holds.
