---
id: 6WB-0991
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Vampire
page: 219
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vampire

A human (and rarely other metatypes) infected with Type-1 HMHVV (Harz-Greenbaum strain), the vampire is the most common expression of the strain. Retaining their sanity and intelligence, some vampires also attempt to integrate into society with minimum harm to others. Once, this was easier, as vampires were notable among their kin for being capable of restraining their thirst. Unfortunately, unexplained changes to all Infected across the world over the past few years have sharpened their appetites, and now more and more of them are falling to their hungers for metahuman blood and souls, reveling in the rush of inflicting pain to fuel their immortality. With their regeneration and ability to take the form of mist, they are uncanny predators.

While their appearance is largely unchanged after the transition, vampires are often quite pale unless they have fed recently. During times of emotional stress or hunger, their eyes often glow red, and their canines extend into sharp points for biting and draining their prey.

Vampires must ingest metahuman blood at least every few days and must drain at least one point of Essence from their victims once every lunar month. Attempting to consume anything else results in physical illness within an hour as they expel the mundane meal. Alcohol reacts even faster, often within minutes or less.

HMHVV often unlocks latent mutations suchas SURGE, as well as magical potential; the majority of vampires are magically active. What’s more, mutation of the virus has resulted in new expressions, sometimes passed along so-called bloodlines. The stats here represent an “average” vampire.


## vampire

| **B**<br>3 | **A**<br>2 | **R**<br>4      | **S**<br>3 | **W**<br>3       | **L**<br>**I**<br>2<br>3 | **C**<br>4           | **M**<br>\* | **ESS**<br>2D6 |
| ---------- | ---------- | --------------- | ---------- | ---------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------- | ----------- | -------------- |
|            |            | **I/ID**<br>7/2 |            | **AC**<br>A1, I3 | **CM**<br>10/10          | **MOVE**<br>15/20/+2 |             |                |

**Defense Rating:** 3 + Armor (Armor: As worn) **Skills:** Athletics 7, Close Combat 7, Perception 8, Stealth 7 **Powers:** Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Hearing, Smell, Thermographic Vision), Essence Drain, Immunity (age, pathogens, toxins), Infection, Mist Form, Natural Weapon (bite), Regeneration, Sapience **Weaknesses:** Allergy (sunlight, Severe), Allergy (wood, Severe), Dietary Requirement (metahuman blood), Essence Loss, Induced Dormancy (Lack of Air, [Essence] Minutes) **Attack:** Bite: DV 3P, Attack Ratings 7/—/—/—/—

**Notes:** Some vampires may be adepts, magicians, or mystic adepts. They always have a Magic rating, whether they are magically active or not. * Their starting Magic equals 6 or their Essence, whichever is lower. Vampires can consume only blood, and they suffer the Nauseated status (p. 52) within a minute when they consume anything else. Vampires have less buoyancy than humans and receive a –4 dice pool modifier to all swimming-related tests. Damage taken due to their Allergy to sunlight cannot be healed with Regeneration, even after they are no longer being exposed. Normal and magical healing still work.
