---
id: 6WB-0992
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Dracoforms
page: 219
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dracoforms

Dracoforms is a fancy term for dragons. These enormous, magical reptilian creatures, straight out of the myths and legends of humankind, are intelligent, devious, and possibly immortal, or close to it. Their age and power allow them the opportunity to make elaborate plans with multiple contingencies based on a very long view for just about any endeavor. Most dragons are solitary creatures who avoid unnecessary contact with the “younger races,” as they call metahumans. Many dragons, though, have been taking more public roles in the Sixth World in recent years. This may or may not work out well for metahumanity.

What is known about dragons is limited but has grown substantially over the years. Most things we know came from interviews conducted with the great dragon Dunkelzahn and the autopsy of Dzitbalchén that was released on the Matrix in 2064 after the government of Aztlan executed the feathered serpent.

All dragons have certain powers that are common to all varieties of their kind. Additionally, individual specimens have exhibited other powers that are not universal. All dragons are capable and powerful magicians, practitioners of a magical tradition that predates metahumanity. There are no known dragon adepts, though that should not be taken to mean that such a thing is impossible.

The Magic attribute shown for dragons does not include any increases due to Initiation; it would be foolish to believe that any dragon isn’t at least a mid-level initiate. Note that the skill levels in this list are average for a typical adult dragon. Individual specimens might exhibit higher or lower scores in any particular skill. This is also not an exhaustive list of any dragon’s skills.

**Common Skills:** Astral 9, Athletics 7 (Flying +2), Close Combat 7, Conjuring 7, Perception 8, Sorcery 9

**Common Powers:** Dragonspeech, Dual Natured, Elemental Attack (usually Fire), Enhanced Senses (smell, low-light vision, thermographic vision, wide-band hearing), Hardened Armor (MAG), Hardened Mystic Armor (MAG), Natural Weapon, Sapience

**Individual Powers:** Animal Control, Compulsion, Corrosive Saliva, Fear, Influence, Noxious Breath, Venom

**Notes:** All dragons have a Magician ranking and know several spells.
