---
id: 6WB-0966
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Bartender
page: 213
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bartender

**Uses:** Information, additional contacts, back rooms for private meets

**Places to Meet:** Any bar/nightclub **Similar Contacts:** Bar/nightclub owner, bouncer, waitstaff, stripper

Bartenders serve drinks. But they also serve as counselor and shoulder to cry on for anyone who’s had a rough day and walks through the doors of their joint. They see and hear just about everything, so it can be valuable to get to know them and to make their tip ARO chime with a little financial gratitude.

Bartenders know everyone, so they’ll be able to let you know who hasn’t been in for a while, whose kid has run away from home this time, whose husband is screwing some other guy—just about anything you might want to know. They can also connect you to the local rumor mill, even offering up some juicy tidbits one of their customers let slip in a haze of gin and tonic. They can guide newbies to suppliers of a variety of goods and services. It’ll all cost you, of course—sometimes straight-up nuyen, sometimes a round for the house to keep the good will flowing. Besides knowing a lot, bartenders are valued for their discretion. They won’t just spill to anyone without a really good reason. Like we said, it’ll cost you … but it’s usually worth it to keep them (and sometimes their other customers) happy.


## bartender

**==> picture [211 x 11] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

| 2                                              | 3<br>2<br>2              | 3                           | 2<br>2<br>3            | 6      |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | --------------------------- | ---------------------- | ------ |
| **Skills:**                                    | Close Combat 4, Firearms | 2 (Shotguns +2), Infuence 4 |                        |        |
| \*\*Knowledge Skills:\*\*Alcohol, Media Stars, |                          |                             | Sports, Street Rumors, | Trivia |
