---
id: 6WB-1315
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: RFID Tags
page: 269
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## RFID Tags

These tiny computer chips, commonly called arfids, are stuffed into every product commercially available in the Sixth World. Tags integrated into




## rfid tags

**==> picture [450 x 52] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TAGS (10) DEVICE RATING AVAIL COST<br>Standard tags 1 1 1¥<br>Datachip 1 1 5¥<br>Security/stealth tags 3 2 10¥<br>Sensor tags 2 2 40¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

many products—bullets, for example—are microscopic, but commercially available tags range from two-millimeter squares to three-centimeter squares. They have a stick-to-anything adhesive backing, and the truly small ones can be tricky to spot. Tags are used for geo-tagging locations and objects, leaving a virtual AR message for anyone who comes by, employee tracking, access control, owner-contact information for everything from vehicles to pets, vehicle and weapon registration, and so on. They can also be used as tracking devices, periodically transmitting GPS data to the Matrix.

RFID tags are devices that can hold one or more files, but not much else. The physical location of a tag can be found via the Matrix ( **Trace Icon** , p. 184). Tag data can be erased with a tag eraser (p. 270) or programmed with an Edit File action (p. 181). RFID tags have owners like all other devices, but unlike other devices a tag’s owner can be changed to “nobody.”
