---
id: 6WB-0056
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: jackpoint
page: 29
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## jackpoint

The shadowrunner network called JackPoint was born out of a need to speak truth. After a time, it became more than a place to connect—it was also a way to navigate the truth of the Sixth World and remind you of the history the powers-that-be would rather you forgot. A place to check in and see what remains of the life you have left.

lowed suit. Today, extraterritoriality is recognized by most standing governments. The ones that refuse face pressure to cave.

After the BRA, diversified conglomerates squeezed every market until the idea of mom-andpop industries didn’t exist. That commlink you bought? Mitsuhama. Its cheaper off-brand competitor? Also Mitsuhama. The artisan-designed commlink with the bells and whistles from a small independent you’ve never heard of? You guessed it: Mitsuhama. Everything became a conglomerate, and the idea of choice breeding competition became a piece of history. Even the American dream shifted. Individuals no longer started businesses to run them, but instead to be bought out by larger corps and cash in.

That would be fine, maybe, if not for the loss of rights that came with this new reality. Empowered by their size, megacorporations argued that civil-rights laws worked to actively disadvantage the corporations in terms of hiring and promotion practices. They made it seem that the goal of civil rights was to hinder corporations by forcing them to hire employees according to a universal set of rules that did not reflect the culture or goals of the corporation. Laws once designed to criminalize race or poverty were re-legislated to actively work against worker rights. Wage slavery was born.

Today’s corporate world is a lot like the highschool lunchroom of your nightmares. Corps buy up other corps to protect their rating—their seat at the table, and everyone wants a seat at the table. The higher up you go, the smaller and more exclusive the table gets. There are ten kids at the head table. Together, they form the **Corporate Court** . When the Corporate Court first started, there were only seven members: Ares, BMW, JRJ, Keruba, Mistuhama, Shiawase, and ORO. If you hold the core ownership of one of these seven, you get a seat on the Corporate Court, guaranteed. These corps came together to form the rating system that determines extraterritoriality.

The **corporate rating system** is a complex series of checks and balances, but all that really matters are the three ratings at the top. **A-ranked** corporations are those that have amassed enough assets to extend across multiple nations, though they don’t have to be fully diversified in their business lines. It takes **AA status** to get you extraterritorial status, and the Court guards that entry like a watchdog.

Being part of the exclusive AA group isn’t a permanent thing. Corporations are subject to random audits to determine if their assets still meet the requirements of AA status. **AAA ratings** are reserved for the corps that have a seat on the Corporate Court. The order of the ten changes from time to time, but it takes a catastrophic change to lose your seat entirely. This is what happened to NeoNET. The breaking up of the company came from a lot of sources, including Court edicts, but you cannot ignore the role of the shadows in bringing their role in cognitive fragmentation disorder to light and then helping some hostile takeovers of some of their assets. In the end, shadowrunners helped push NeoNET out of their seat. Who is the next Big Ten to tumble? You may find yourself in a position to play a role in that.

As a result of corporate sovereignty, the world went from having just shy of two hundred countries to having half as many AA-rated and AAA-rated corporations, each with its own extraterritoriality, right to print its own currency, and standing army. Corporations gained the power to challenge and even take over nations. Prior to VITAS, nations were the shells corporations gestated in. When the Mexican government collapsed in 2015, a new way of corporate thinking was born. A group of drug cartels quickly organized to form ORO, which would eventually come to be known as Aztechnology. ORO became the first corporation to seize control of a nation. Parts of the Native American Nations understood that the new world order wasn’t just a matter of power but of corporate leverage. A collection of tribes formed and incorporated the Pueblo Corporate Council. Because the corps were so influential in keeping the world running during the troubles, nobody spent much time worrying about the problems with extraterritoriality. By the time anyone did, it was too late.
