---
id: 6WB-1690
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Same Place, 23:37:12
page: 328
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Same Place, 23:37:12

Zoé didn’t want to leave the protection of the Nest, the covered maze of small alleys. Whatever.

// berlin city data


By the time she reached Chawi district, she would have open skies above her. Meeting up with the backup was more important.

Crossing the open area at the edge of the small port, she brought her cab to a skidding halt where Blitz and three unknowns were already waiting. Instead of getting out, she simply threw open the passenger door and flipped the seat forward so someone—anyone—could get into the back seat.

“Yalla, yalla. Hurry up. I don’t know how close these dreksacks are to my butt.”

“Gunner to the hatch!” said Blitz, holding the door open for the white elf, who, with a duffel bag in her arms, slid into the cab. “This is Kotka. Ex-Neosov military. On magic backup we have Neerah,” pointing to the Black punk girl with the gold Venus symbol earrings and a mix of radical feminist and Mother Gaia tattoos, all of which screamed “Stadthexe,” city witch. “The ork’s name is Sultan. Own bike. Melee fighter and chain artist. We’ll keep him mobile and outside.”

While Kotka pulled a Kalashnikov out of her bag in the back seat, Neerah looked disapprovingly into the cab. “I’d better stay out, too. Your back front is completely opaque. Bad for juju. I’m gonna be Sultan’s bike genie.” Nod.

With that, Blitz threw himself into the passenger seat, pressed another ear bud into Zoé’s hand, reached for the car door to close it ... and the world exploded.
