---
id: 6WB-1239
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: weapon accessories
page: 262
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## weapon accessories

**==> picture [450 x 201] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
ACCESSORY MOUNT AVAILABILITY COST<br>Airburst link — 3 600¥<br>Bipod Under 1 200¥<br>Concealable holster — 1 150¥<br>Gas-vent system Barrel 3 500¥<br>Gyro mount Under 3 1,400¥<br>Hidden arm slide — 2 350¥<br>Imaging scope Top 1 350¥<br>Laser sight Top or Under 1 125¥<br>Periscope Top 2 70¥<br>Quick-draw holster — 2 175¥<br>Shock pad — 2 50¥<br>Silencer/suppressor Barrel 4 500¥<br>Smart firing platform Under 5 2,500¥<br>Smartgun system, internal — 1(L) +500¥<br>Smartgun system, external Top or Under 2(L) 200¥<br>Spare clip — 2 5¥<br>Speed loader — 1 25¥<br>Tripod Under 2 500¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

tion and, through DNI, allows switching between gun modes, ejecting a clip, and firing the gun without pulling the trigger. The camera allows you to fire from cover, suffering no Attack test penalties while affected by the Cover Status. If you’re using a smartlink, the smartgun system increases the gun’s Attack Rating by 2 across all available range categories. The smartgun features are accessed either by universal access port cable to an imaging device (like glasses, goggles, or a datajack for someone with cybereyes) or by a wireless connection working in concert with direct neural interface. Internal smartgun systems add 500 nuyen to the weapon price. An external smartgun system can be attached to the top mount or underbarrel mount with an Engineering + Logic (4, 1 hour) Extended Test. The small camera has a capacity of 1 and can be equipped with vision enhancements (p. 275).

**Wireless bonus:** You gain a +1 dice pool bonus. Gain a bonus Minor Action on a turn when you use the Reload Smartgun or Change Device Mode actions to eject a clip or change fire mode.
