---
id: 6WB-0232
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Dwarfs (homo sapiens pumilionis)
page: 53
authority_level: 3
tags:
- qualities
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dwarfs (homo sapiens pumilionis)

- **Average height:** 1.2 meters

- **Average weight:** 54 kg

- **Ears:** Slightly pointy

- **Known for:** Short size; stocky build; perseverance

- **Racial qualities:** Dwarfs have thermographic vision (p. 73) and toxin resistance (p. 73).

Sixth World dwarfs are often accepted into mainstream society without being fully valued. The taller metatypes seem to be happiest when dwarfs fit the roles they have preconceived for them— sidekicks, drivers, mechanics, that sort of thing. It doesn’t help that their size helps them squeeze into vehicles that orks, humans, and elves might have difficulty with, ones that trolls couldn’t evenconsider using. Still, they get work and little direct hate. They’re treated nicely, but they can’t help but feel that they’re being, well, overlooked.

Dwarfs across the globe are dedicated to showing that they cannot be ignored. Dwarf deckers, street samurai, covert ops specialists, faces, and more are popping up in the international shadows, and others underestimate them at their peril.

The lack of heightened antipathy against dwarfs helped them assimilate in human communities better than other metatypes. This means that they do not have as many of their own enclaves as some of the other metatypes (it also doesn’t help that they don’t have access to whatever stream of revenue the elves tap into build their kingdoms). With the founding of the dwarf-centric Biloxi Technical Institute, southern Mississippi in the CAS is becoming a dwarf haven. What that will grow into and how that will shape the world is anyone’s guess.
