---
id: 6WB-0983
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Cerberus Hound
page: 217
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cerberus Hound

As they say, three heads are better than one. The Cerberus hound is easily identified by its trio of canine heads, or the fact that it stands 1.2 meters at the shoulder and weighs in at over 110 kilos on average. These beasts are fierce hunters, capable of attacking with all three heads at once, increasing the chances of one getting a good chunk, or a strong hold. Smart prey will run away.

The Cerberus hound is well known for running down prey over long distances once it is on the trail. This long-range hunt is aided by the creature’s paranatural ability to move quickly and unhindered through any terrain.

Captive hounds have been trained and used for corporate installation security on a few occasions. Their relentless desire to hunt down prey once it has been chosen makes control of the animals difficult, but security firms have started using Cerberus hounds to track runners who have stolen valuables from facilities by releasing the trained hounds once they are on the scent and activating a tracking collar.

**Natural Habitat/Range:** Forest and mountain regions, particularly the Greek Isles. Cerberi also turn up in North America and across Europe and Asia in spots where security companies took them and couldn’t handle them.



| cerberus hound | cerberus hound | cerberus hound   | cerberus hound | cerberus hound   |       |              |                      |       |         |
| -------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ----- | ------------ | -------------------- | ----- | ------- |
| **B**          | **A**          | **R**            | **S**          | **W**            | **L** | **I**        | **C**                | **M** | **ESS** |
| 6              | 4              | 5                | 6              | 4                | 2     | 6            | 3                    | 5     | 6       |
|                |                | **I/ID**<br>11/2 |                | **AC**<br>A2, I3 |       | **CM**<br>15 | **MOVE**<br>10/25/+3 |       |         |

**Defense Rating:** 12 (Armor: 6) **Skills:** Athletics 6, Close Combat 9, Influence 5 (Intimidation +2), Outdoors 8, Perception 6 **Powers/Qualities:** Armor 6, Built Tough 4, Concealment (Self), Corrosive Spit, Enhanced Senses (Hearing, Low-Light Vision, Smell, Thermographic Vision), Fear, Immunity (Cold, Fire), Movement (Self), Natural Weapon, Search **Attack:** Claws/Bite: DV 4P, Attack Ratings 11/—/—/—/—
