---
id: 6WB-1721
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'Kreuzbasar Stories Main Location: Kreuzhain - Notable Characters: Cashmere'
page: 335
authority_level: 3
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Kreuzbasar Stories Main Location: Kreuzhain

## Notable Characters: Cashmere

The Kreuzbasar Kiez at Moritzplatz is a perfect base for shadowrunner teams even thirty years after the events of the _Shadowrun: Dragonfall_ video game. You pretty much only have to go to Café Cezve and ask for Cashmere, who is something like the spokeswoman of the Kiez and also a Berlin-wide fixer. Aside from the missions listed here, Cashmere always has small and giant problems to take care of in and around the Kreuzbasar, so runners are always highly welcome here.

**1D6 Ideas:** (1) The power supply in the neighborhood went down. Go into the sewers and follow the illegally laid cables until you find the problem. (2) A dispute between a hate preacher in the nearby Emirate and the cosmopolitan IRB movement, which advocates modernizing the Sharia law of the Berlin Emirate, threatens to erupt at Moritzplatz. Can you defuse the situation or at least defend Café Cezve? (3) Not for the first time, a couple of Horde thugs are trying to collect protection money at Café Cezve. Would you please turn this off? (4) The ghouls living under the Kreuzbasar have asked for help. Something is roaming the tunnels hunting ghouls, and when it’s done with them, it will crawl out and hunt the non-Infected, too. (5) Dr. Ezkibel’s Triage Cyberclinic is in desperate need of medicine and spare parts. We know of a delivery truck from Zeta-ImpChem that carries all the supplies we need. (6) A real estate developer has bought one of the old apartment buildings at Moritzplatz in order to replace it with a modern apartment block for the upper class. Could you please make him reconsider this ludicrous gentrification offensive?
