---
id: 6WB-1738
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: berlin street weapons
page: 341
authority_level: 3
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## berlin street weapons

**Sorokin Predator I** [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA, 10/9/8/—/— , 15(c), Avail: 2(L), Cost: 200¥]

- **Altmayr White Star** [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA, 10/8/6/—/—, 12(c), Avail: 5(L), Cost: 250¥]

- **HaKa Skorpion** [Machine Pistol, DV 2P, SA/BF, 10/9/8/—/—, 30(c), Avail: 4(L), Cost: 220¥]

- **HaKa MP2** [Submachine Gun, DV 3P, BF, 8/8/7/—/—, 24(c), Avail: 2(L), Cost: 375¥]

- **Altmayr SP** [Shotgun, DV 5P(f), SA/BF, 7/10/4/—/—, 8(c), Avail: 2(L), Cost: 200¥]

- **Barzani AK-47M1** [Assault Rifle, DV 5P, SA/BF/FA, 5/11/7/5/1, 30(c), Avail: 2(L), Cost: 1,800¥]

- **Samopal vz/88V** [Assault Rifle, DV 4P, SA/BF/FA, 4/9/8/8/4, 30(c), Avail: 4(L), Cost: 3,000¥]

- **Sorokin G9** [Assault Rifle, DV 4P, SA/BF/FA, 4/10/9/7/1, 30(c), Avail: 3(L), Cost: 2,500¥]

**A wallet** : These odd little bags, in which people used to keep cash, business cards, and other knickknacks, are still standard equipment in Berlin’s anarcho zones. Berlin anarchists deeply distrust corporate technology, and for good reason. Sensitive business is done in cash, which in Berlin means poker chips from the local Vesuv casino chain. Haptically and in terms of size, these correspond to regular poker chips. Vesuv chips can be loaded with different amounts of money—the shape and color of the token only indicate the possible maximum value that can be loaded in the chip (basically like any credstick). The specific denomination is displayed via e-ink on the chip’s surface. In addition to cash, the wallet is also used to store business cards and tamper-proof low-tech passkeys such as one half of a photo or concert flyer, through which messenger and recipient can assure that the other party is in possession of the correct authorization for a handoff.

**Jynx your life** : Berlin’s alternatives are paranoid by nature. That’s why most of the streets in the anarcho-districts are draped with construction and truck tarps against aerial surveillance, and that’s also why the Jynx was born. Created in the underground, this style consists of face tattoos and piercings designed to make it clear that you will never be part of the normal corporate lifestyle. Radical facepaints and reflective face stickers are also meant to confuse or neutralize any real or imagined facial recognition by the corporations. The peculiarity in Berlin is that this grassroots anarchist style has meanwhile reached high society via some prominent artists: The rich may not care

Berlin city data //



that their chic face makeup was actually intended as a statement against the establishment and mass surveillance, but the Jynx has been one of the hottest fashion trends in Berlin since the beginning of the 2080s at the latest, just like the wearing of face-covering (breathing) masks, fashionable hijabs, wide-brimmed caps and hoodies pulled deep over the face.
