---
id: 6WB-1724
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'Lost Contact - Main Location: Oranienburg - Main Location: Marzahn - Notable
  Characters: Sprit of kin'
page: 337
authority_level: 3
tags:
- qualities
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lost Contact

## Main Location: Oranienburg

## Main Location: Marzahn

## Notable Characters: Sprit of kin

Notable Characters: Vory Soldiers (use Mafia Soldato, p. 207, with AK-97 assault rifles), Gang Members (use Mafia Debt Collector, p. 205, with Uzi V SMGs or Defiance T-250 shotguns)

“Anarcho Safaris” are round trips in armored buses through some safe fringe areas of anarchist zones that have been jazzed up for the tourists. You take photos, enjoy the cozy creepiness of not having to live in such conditions, stop at some “shadow market” where sweatshop knickknacks are forced on you, then drive back. For some, this is neither authentic nor exciting enough.

The runners are recruited via a local fixer to accompany a group of young tourists on their trip to deepest Marzahn, an area of all-night gang violence and murderous shootouts between warring Vory factions. The fixer provides an ancient bus with metal mesh windows and a refrigerator well stocked with alcohol and drugs. The rest is the runners’ problem.

**Original Message:** Ms. Schmidt and her friends have just finished school and are visiting from Essen. They want to have a wild and “authentic” time in Berlin before turning into obedient corp drones for the rest of their sad lives. I’ve got a bus, the clique has booked the most idiotic route into the depths of Marzahn, and you make sure they get back in one piece. Deal?
