---
id: 6WB-0057
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: "The Crash of \u201929"
page: 29
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Crash of ’29

You could argue that the history of the Sixth World can be traced along the transaction history of a company called Fuchi and its ugly roller coaster ride to become NeoNET. That story begins with the Matrix Crash of 2029. At that point, the network that had been called the internet was ubiquitous. It was also completely unprotected. The Crash virus overwhelmed the network instantly. Cars stopped dead on the road, the banks went dark, and the virus brought global chaos as it spread. Our world, barely recovering from the trauma of UGE, was code-deep in a new nightmare.

The American government commissioned a team called Echo Mirage to use elite hacking tools known as **cyberdecks** to enter the grid and confront the virus before it could destroy any more of the network infrastructure. Make no mistake, Echo Mirage was the birth of shadowrunning. Thethirty-two people sent into the net to face nascent black IC were an expendable black ops team. They knew it. Seven people survived the run. Four of those seven immediately dropped off the grid and used the payday they scored to create new lives for themselves. Some remained in the shadows and are the reason JackPoint exists. Two others used their newly found expertise to form Fuchi Industrial Electronics.

The Crash broke the world. Governments, cash, resources, and data starved, and alliances and partnerships broke, shifted, and were newly built, further redrawing the global map of power. Beyond the physical repercussions, the Crash also revealed a truth we’d long feared: artificial intelligences ( **AIs** ) stalked the matrix. They would remain out of play for the moment, but not forever.
