---
id: 6WB-0446
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Barriers
page: 110
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Barriers

Getting a wall or some other obstruction between an incoming attack and your squishy person is a great idea. The barrier has two primary effects: making it harder to hit you and making it harder to hurt you, by providing Cover and Structure, respectively. All Barriers also use their Structure rating to determine the difficulty of making larger holes, either to shoot through or move through.

In order to hurt you, someone’s got to hit you. A key factor in hitting any target is the size. “Can’t hit the broad side of a troll” is a saying for a reason. When a target is partially covered, you have a smaller area to hit as part of them is unseen behind the Cover. The only way to gain the advantage of Cover is to use the Take Cover Minor Action. By having some form of cover available and taking the Action, you gain the Cover Status effect based on the size of you, the cover, and your choice of posture. The Cover rating is based on how much of your body you can put behind the cover while still effectively returning attacks and ducking back in if you need to.

Take Cover assumes you are planning or desiring to return fire. If you’re just hiding back there, the rules are a little different. Any time you’re completely behind an object and you get hit, you gain the benefits of the Structure rating of the material. This can be anything from a pane of glass to a ferrocrete reinforced bunker taking the punch out of incoming attacks for you. Subtract half the Structure rating (rounded up) from the incoming unmodified damage. Anything left over gets the extra hits from the Attack Test and needs to be resisted.

**Break free:** The defender tries to break out of the grapple. This is a Close Combat + Strength Opposed
