---
id: 6WB-0511
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Magical Lodges
page: 129
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magical Lodges

Some Wicca practitioners have a magic circle, the Pueblo use kivas, and hermetic mages have their libraries. All of these can serve as magical lodges, places where the Awakened can concentrate their power and focus their energies for a variety of magical tasks.

A magical lodge is a room-sized space that is dedicated to the practice of magic, and it reflects the tradition of the user. Its walls are covered with things that go beyond mere decorations—they are items of meaning and focus, helping the mental and magical energies of the owner.

Magical lodges provide space for the following uses:

- _Learning spells_ **(p. 130)**

- _Serving as a mana barrier_ **(p. 161)**

The amount of power the lodge can provide in those functions—and, incidentally, the cost of the lodge—is measured as the Force of the lodge. Characters can make a temporary lodge with reagents (see p. 153), or they can make a permanent one. To do that, you need magical lodge materials (they cost Force x 500 nuyen) that are appropriate to your tradition. Once you have the materials, find a space to put it, like your apartment, or a cave in the wilderness, or a secret abandoned sewer tunnel— someplace you won’t mind spending some time,

MAGICand where you can be relatively safe and unnoticed. Then spend a number of days equal to the lodge’s Force dedicating the space, setting up the physical components, building its astral form, setting up barriers, and harmonizing it to your aura. Once you’re done, your magical lodge is up and active. An active magical lodge acts as a mana barrier (p. 161) and shares your astral signature.

A lodge is not built to be portable. If you want to move it, you’ll need a day to take it down, turning it back into magical lodge materials; then you can set it up again somewhere else. If you want to improve your lodge, just bring in more materials to add to the current ones and then spend 1 day per point of Force you want the lodge to have at the end of your work (not just the increase or difference between old Force and new Force).
