---
id: 6WB-0021
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Grease in the Gears
page: 19
authority_level: 3
tags:
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grease in the Gears

Through all that I’ve shared so far there is a constant reminder that progress moves through the dark. That idea is ever present in the name we are given: shadowrunners. To borrow a phrase, we are deniable assets. We take a lot of the language of what we are from the spy game, but unlike spies we don’t serve a specific government or agenda. Shadowrunners keep the wheels turning. We do the off-the-books work that enables thesystem to keep running as if everything in the world is okay.

Shadowrunning isn’t a way out. Nobody goes into the life thinking they’ll be a millionaire and move to a twenty-five-meter yacht. That isn’t to say it can’t happen. Success just looks different this deep in the shadows. Success looks like staying alive and keeping a roof over your head. For some, success looks like doing real good in the world or at least making a difference. Shadowrunning is not noble work, but it can be. Those of us who call ourselves street samurai adhere to a code of honor. This doesn’t mean I won’t shoot you in the face if I have to, but it means I’ll look you in the eyes before I do it.

Choosing to live the life of a shadowrunner is not an easy one. Once I made that choice doors closed behind me, narrowing who I could be. You still have choices to make and an impossible world to navigate. You can still take the easy way out and be a drone. Jack in every day and let them guide you along the well-paved road. Or you could step out into the world and look around. Just remember to look behind your back every so often, because in this world, trouble never comes at you from where you expected.

If you are going to run, there are a couple of things you need to know before you get started.

**==> picture [288 x 395] intentionally omitted \<==**

The first is employment. We are, after all, at-will laborers working for the most dangerous forces on the planet. The man doing the hiring almost always goes by the same name.
