---
id: 6WB-1730
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'Notable Characters: Saif Alhazred'
page: 339
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Notable Characters: Saif Alhazred

Aside from being a leading disruptor, Saif Alhazred is also an extremely capable magician with a penchant for unconventional magic theories. Of course, he also knows that the Nazis’ fascination with occult magic was just another symptom of how batshit crazy these monsters were. But when he catches a rumor that there is a secret storeroom deep beneath Tempelhof Airport where arcane artifacts of the Thule Society are said to be stored, he nevertheless sends a team of runners to secure anything worth his interest.

During the Flux State, Renraku decided to completely raze the rundown Prenzlauer Berg district and raise an entirely new district on its soil. At the feet of Renraku’s black-and-gold arcology pyramid, a maze of alleys now stretches out to the left and right of the magnificent boulevard of the Kanazuri-Dori (the former Prenzlauer Allee), which can hardly be distinguished from Neo-Tokyo. Heavily secured and armed border gates strictly control all traffic from outside—if you have something shady to do in the Renrakusan, it’s best to use the mostly unmapped tunnel connections of sewers, cable shafts, and forgotten bunkers from World War II and the Cold War that run under the whole of Berlin.

**Original Message:** The Spear of Destiny, gears made of meteor material, the Ark of the Covenant—drek, you can’t even make up the crap that the Nazis and the Thule Society are supposed to have hunted down and brought to Berlin. Anyway. The Schmidt is stupid enough to pay a bunch of runners like you to look for a secret room at the burned out Filmbunker beneath Tempelhof Airport. S-K Tempelhof is a damn fortress, and any operation there is suicide. The pay for the search is meh, but should you find something— against all odds, mind you—the grand prize beckons. Interested?

**Original Message:** Ever heard of the “rat man” Nazumi-Otoko? He supposedly has eyes everywhere in Renrakusan through creepy toy drones, and he knows all the secret ways under the borders. Nazumi is looking for a team to cause a scandal at the posh Keyakizaka restaurant on Kanazuri Dori with rats, cockroaches, or something equally disgusting.

**==> picture [301 x 413] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
beckons. Interested?<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
