---
id: 6WB-0233
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Elves (homo sapiens nobilis)
page: 53
authority_level: 3
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elves (homo sapiens nobilis)

- **Average height:** 1.9 meters

- **Average weight:** 80 kg

- **Ears:** Pointy

- **Known for:** Slender, lithe build; being attractive and knowing it

- **Racial qualities:** Elves have low-light vision (p. 72).


**==> picture [326 x 376] intentionally omitted \<==**


Perhaps the most infuriating thing about elves to the other metatypes is that you can resent them like hell, and they just won’t care. They have two prosperous nations—Tír na nÓg (formerly known as Ireland) and Tír Tairngire (in the western part of North America)—they have people in some of the most powerful positions in the world, and celebrities whose MeFeed hits are in the billions. They are envied, not looked down on.

But plenty of elves know that this envy does not extend to every elf. If you’re an elf who is not rich, elegant, or graceful, you’re often viewed as a failure, someone who had all the gifts of life handed to them and somehow screwed them up. And it’s not just nonelves who hold this view. Never mind that you might have grown up poor, never mind what obstacles you had to face—people think you automatically had it easy because you’re an elf. But elf society is not easy to survive. The upper crust can be absolutely ruthless about enforcing their status quo, labeling those who don’t fit as malcontents and finding ways to cast them aside. The barrens of the major sprawls of the world have plenty of elves who were thrown out because they wouldn’t cave to what society wanted them to be. Their anger could burn the whole earth.
