---
id: 6WB-0419
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Combat Round
page: 108
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Combat Round

A combat round is approximately 3 seconds long in the game world. During a single combat round, each participant gets an allotment of Actions to use on or around their player turn. The basic Action allotment for each character is 1 Minor Action and 1 Major Action per combat round. Players get 1 additional Minor Action for every Initiative Die they have.

Actions can be traded between Minor and Major, but there are restrictions. A Major Action can be used to perform a Minor Action, simple as that. A character can also trade 4 Minor Actions to perform 1 Major Action.

Characters may never start a player turn with more than 5 Minor Actions. If they would have earned more through any circumstances, that number is reduced to 5.

The various Actions are described on page 40.

On another bad day, Carson Aims and Oda are having a drink to sort out their differences after barely surviving their unlucky encounter with the Eye-Fivers and Trip-J. With a bright future ahead, they are getting boisterous and draw the attention of a group of Crimson Crush orks. The orks tell them to take it elsewhere, Oda tells them to frag off, and a fight kicks off. To start it, everyone rolls Initiative, rolling their Initiative Dice and adding the total of the dice to their base Initiative Rating. Here’s how everyone looks.

Oda has Reaction 6 and Intuition 3, providing him with an Initiative rank of 9. He has 1 Initiative Die and rolls 1. Adding the die result of 1 to his base Initiative of 9 gives him a final Initiative Score of 10.

Carson Aims has Reaction 5 and Intuition 5. He has 2 Initiative Dice thanks to his wired reflexes and rolls 9. Adding the dice total of 9 to his base Initiative rank of 10 gives him a final Initiative Score of 19.

Crimson Crush ganger A has Reaction 2 and Intuition 2, providing him with an Initiative rank of 4. He has 1 Initiative Die and rolls 6. Adding the die result of 6 to his base Initiative Rating of 4 gives him a final Initiative of 10.

Crimson Crush gangers B, C, and D are operating as a grunt group with Reaction 2 and Intuition 2, providing them with an Initiative rank of 4. They have 1 Initiative Die and roll a 4. Adding the dice total of 4 to their base Initiative Score of 4 gives them a final Initiative of 8.

The fight will start with Carson Aims at 19.

When they reach 10, we see Oda and the Crimson Crush ganger tied, so we need to roll over to the tiebreaker and ask ERIC (Edge, Reaction, Intuition, coin flip). Comparing Edge, we find Oda has 5, while Crimson Crush ganger A only has 3 from his Professional Rating. The tie is broken and Oda will go first, followed by the Crimson Crush ganger.

The grunt group of Crimson Crush gangers will go last on 8.
