---
id: 6WB-0967
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Beat Cop
page: 213
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Beat Cop

**Uses:** Information, additional contacts, gear **Places to Meet:** The streets of his beat, coffee shops

**Similar Contacts:** Detective, snitch, undercover cop, rent-a-cop

They’ve walked the streets of their beat for so many years that the people they’ve met and the time that has passed all blend together, but they’ve seen everything that happens there, and the important stuff always sticks out. They know who’s local, who’s an out-of-towner, where the dealers work and live, which gang rules which strip of pavement, and where the down-and-out go to get a little BTL relief. And they’ve got the inside line on all of it—what they don’t know now, they will soon enough. With a wide network of snitches making sure to keep their local law happy, cops have a long list of their own contacts they can tap for a good chummer or the right price. Sometimes the beat is literal as they beat feet on the pavement, but more often they’re moving with a police cruiser, a motorcycle, a four-wheeler, or

even a horse. However they get around, they make an effort to see everything they can. Some are honest straight-shooters. Some are crooked as frag and would sell their own mothers if the nuyen was right. Working with the beat cop is all about knowing them, knowing their desires, their dreams, and often their vices so that you can get them what they want—and they can give you what you want in return.

| beat       | cop        |            |            |            |            |            |            |              |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ |
| **B**<br>3 | **A**<br>3 | **R**<br>3 | **S**<br>2 | **W**<br>2 | **L**<br>2 | **I**<br>3 | **C**<br>2 | **ESS**<br>6 |

**Skills:** Athletics 2, Close Combat 5, Firearms 3, Influence 5, Perception 3 **Knowledge Skills:** Crime Syndicates, Illegal Goods, Law Enforcement, Local Gangs, Police Procedures, Street Rumors
