---
id: 6WB-0055
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Dawn of the Megas
page: 24
authority_level: 3
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dawn of the Megas

The bottom line about the corps is this: They run the world. It wasn’t always this way. It took the birth of extraterritoriality to push us kicking and screaming into this new reality. We have Shiawase to thank for that. The 2007 Shiawase decision opened the floodgates to corporate overreach. The U.S. Supreme Court ruling leaned heavily on the argument that corporations were beholden to customers, not governments. Government interference stood in the way of a company’s ability to serve its customers.

Corporate overreach was inevitable from that point. With many restraints falling by the wayside, owners and shareholders started demanding ever-more rapid growth, without ever stopping to ask whether their demands were realistic. They responded by exploring new avenues of growth, one of the quickest being acquisitions. They merged and acquisitioned their asses off, growing larger and larger until the system that ensured fair competition bent and finally broke. Eventually, the U.S. ratified the **Business Recognition Accords** (BRA), moving to treat specific corporations as sovereign entities, conferring to them the recognition and resulting powers of a nation. Other governments fol-

**==> picture [43 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [354 x 21] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A BRIEF HISTORY OF THE SIXTH WORLD // THE LIFE YOU HAVE LEFT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
