---
id: 6WB-1694
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: euleXia Hotel, Chawi District, 00:11:26
page: 329
authority_level: 3
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## euleXia Hotel, Chawi District, 00:11:26

In the back seat, Neerah finished the call. Kotka had dragged her in through the roof hatch as soon as they left the Schattenhafen. No surprises since then. With a reach under the passenger seat as they entered Chawi district, Zoé had activated the Gridder, a plug-in box made from parts of a “proper” vehicle that fooled the GridGuide system into thinking the highly illegal combat cab was a proper, registered car. Anyone who actually saw the cab would assume the thorn-spiked ram was a fake for tourists, just like the bullet holes. The cops would know better, but Black Flag had an excellent reputation for confining excesses of violence to the Zone, and the bottom line was that it wasn’t worth the trouble any news of “police harassment of anarchists” would cause in Berlin.

“Sultan will get through,” Neerah informed the team as the cab drove through the four-kilometers-long Q-Mall parking garage beneath the glass-covered Kurfürstendamm. “The neighborhood boss, Baba Jedwiga, is taking care of it. She has negotiated a deal with the runners as well. Keep your life. Lose the van. Win-win.” A normal night in Berlin.

Zoé let the cab roll out in the euleXia parking area as the doors of the hotel elevator were already sliding open. Her contact, an Asian man pretending to be Vietnamese and named “Mr. Matna”— both of which she doubted—stepped out, and so did Zoé plus her team. In parts relieved, she noted that her unexpected company surprised Matna.

“You had problems?” he asked.

“Yes. But they were resolved.” She handed over the box. “If that wasn’t you and it wasn’t the factory, there’s a third party who wants to get in your face. Take that into account when you pay for the next shipment.” Matna nodded stiffly. “And while we’re at it: This trip was worth more than 200.” He nodded again and handed her five Vesuv poker chips, 500 each. A good trip, all in all.
