---
id: 6WB-1689
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Schattenhafen am Urban, Urbankiez, Kreuzhain Anarcho Zone, 23:34:14
page: 328
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Schattenhafen am Urban, Urbankiez, Kreuzhain Anarcho Zone, 23:34:14

Blitz slid off his Harley Scorpion Ultralow Custom. The former Urbanhafen lay in extensive darkness, as it always did: a smuggler’s harbor crammed with boats, jetties, workshops and tin warehouses under the control of the Spreeratten smuggler gang, ignored by both proper and alternative law enforcers.

As agreed via BEEP short messaging service, he followed the pounding sounds of the song “Antiheld” by Berlin’s anarchist star Daemonika to find the hastily assembled team. Hands buried in his pockets—and around his Warhawks—he approached a trio of shadows near a burning trash can at the dock.

What social media feeds, favorite bands, and frequently used keywords were to corporate spiders, jacket pins and patches were to Berlin anarchists. In addition to the obligatory F-Anarchy pins, those

gathered here—a black-skinned norm punk girl, an Arab-looking ork in military slacks, and a scarred female elf in S-K-Puma, a favorite brand with many Russian exiles—wore an excessive amount of pins from bands of the Axis-F environment, identifying themselves as Flux State activists with ties to the left-wing terror scene. Being a Colchist, Blitz was fine with this. The Colcha cell was instrumental for the upkeep and expansion of Berlin’s alternative communication network and very well-respected for that (it was also serving Apex, an ancient AI deeply hidden within the anarcho zone’s old cable matrix, but that was another story).

“Zappaloot, Blitz! You here?” The elf girl beamed at him as he stepped into the firelight. Introductions were cut short, however, as the unmistakable roar of Zoé’s cab was already approaching. Hastily Blitz dug out earbuds from a variety of pockets and handed them out. “Akeed. No time. These are encrypted radio buds. Scrambled and tuned to each other. Job is escort for the cab that’s about to be here. Let’s fake professionalism and tell me your names and specialty. Now.”
