---
id: 6WB-0025
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Getting Paid
page: 21
authority_level: 3
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Getting Paid

All too often, the most dangerous part of any run is getting paid for it. Mr. Johnson’s anonymity means that nobody knows who they are if they decide to screw you over. You’re not going to be able to take them to small-claims court or anything if they don’t pay. How you’ve decided to get paid shapes the interaction. Traditionally, runners are paid in one of three ways: untraceable credsticks, corp scrip, or equipment. The presumption is that they wouldn’t pay you in their own scrip—that is, if they pay you in Ares dollars, they’re likely from anywhere but Ares. Running for gear may be the only way to gain access to rare and illegal goods. Some Johnsons like to deal in corp scrip as a way to throw you off the employer’s scent, but the downside is that you have to find a way to spend it or locate a scrip exchange. If you’re given a choice, credsticks are the way to go. Certified credsticks contain funds backed by the Zurich-Orbital Gemeinschaftsbank. Those funds are good anywhere. I’d say they’re worth their weight in gold, but the currency is nothing more than digital encryption. It has no weight. But I digress.

Once terms have been established and a location for the payout decided, it can be a good idea to treat the meet with the same level of caution you would any other stage of the run. Make sure to scout the location ahead of time, maintain security where possible, and always be on your guard. Mr. Johnson may be looking to clean up any loose ends connected to the run, so don’t make it easy for him to erase you.
