---
id: 6WB-0061
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: The Megacorporate Audit
page: 31
authority_level: 3
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Megacorporate Audit

Corporate conflicts happen behind closed boardroom doors. When the conflicts spill out onto the streets, the battles are waged by shadowrunners so that the businessmen don’t have to get their hands dirty. However, when something big enough to capture public attention happens, fallout is inevitable. The CFD crisis caused deep fissures within NeoNET, especially at the top where the Villiers family found themselves at odds with key shareholder (and dragon—they’re everywhere) Celedyr. That conflict created enough of an opening for

Johnny Spinrad to leverage his personal fortune to merge with AA megacorp Global Sandstorm and turn Spinrad Industries into Spinrad Global. His corp fought for and won a seat on the Corporate Court. Spinrad’s gambit upset the balance at the top, reminding other members of the Corporate Court that their spot at the most exclusive club in the world is not permanent. Though to be fair, most of them were not upset to see NeoNET go and played a strong role in pushing them out the door.

There is this old saying, the more things change … the more we try to put everything back to normal. The new normal started with a vote. Evo’s representative pushed for a review of the ranking standards for A and AA corporations. All of the judges agreed, so the measure was backed by each member of the Big Ten. The new standards fundamentally shifted the requirements for what it meant to be a megacorporation while strengthening the requirements for admission to AA status.

If the goal was to convince A and AA corporations to cannibalize themselves, then mission accomplished. The court’s ruling sparked a war that continues to flame to this day. The shifting dynamics of AA admission meant that corps who survived by being just good enough in a lot of different markets no longer received the same ranking as corps that specialized in a specific field and pushed groundbreaking innovations. Information itself became a living thing, crowd-sourced, collated, and weaponized in order to determine who was and wasn’t worthy of extraterritoriality. Where there is corporate war, there is work for people like us.
