---
id: 6WB-0063
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: North America
page: 31
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## North America

The United States of America, the land of the free, home of the brave doesn’t exist anymore. It ate itself. What remains are scattered clumps of nations parsed by city-states. Much of the north belongs to the United Canadian American States ( **UCAS** ), which came together in the wake of the treaty of Denver. The UCAS seat of government is still DeeCee, but the real power is spread among the cities of Boston (where what’s left of NeoNET makes its home) and Detroit (the world headquarters of Ares). Perhaps the most important city in the UCAS is Seattle, though, because it is the corporate equivalent of a demilitarized zone. Each of the Big Ten and several AAs maintain a serious corporate presence here. Their citizens live in close proximity, mingling in the streets and exchanging digital handshakes. When corporate conflicts start, they usually start on the streets of Seattle. The

size of the city, the wealth available, and the corporate and geopolitical conflicts that take place there have made it the capital of the shadowrunning world.

South of the UCAS is the Confederation of American States ( **CAS** ). This nation is the result of old alliances kept up through hundreds of years of American turmoil. The South rose again, and it gave us Lone Star, the world’s largest private police force. If you’ve done any serious time behind bars or plan to, you’ll find yourself in the CAS, where dried-up oil fields and seaside rigs have been repurposed as high-occupancy detention facilities.

The rest of North America is split between the Native American tribes and a growing nation of elves. **Tír Tairngire** covers much of what exists between Mt. Shasta and Mt. Hood. The elven lands are bordered by the **California Free State** , **Salish-Shidhe Council** , and the **Pueblo Corporate Council** . The **Tsimshian Protectorate** , **Algonkian-Manitou Council** , **Québec** , and the **Sioux Nation** cover most of the rest of the land that is part North America. **Denver** sits in the middle of everything, a lone independent city (no one would call it “free”) under the protection of Ghostwalker and filled to capacity with spies from every nation on the continent.
