---
id: 6WB-0012
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Born this Way
page: 13
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Born this Way

There’s this idea that people end up where they are in life because that is what they are suited for. That part can be a crutch for those who deal in excuses. However, there are many factors in our life besides ability. Birth and opportunity put us in a starting position that is tough to shake. I was born into a world of emerging races, shifting demographics, new rising magic, corporate overreach and overrule. My world was defined by crowded streets, food shortages, disease, poverty, and crime. If you’re reading this, you were born into the aftermath of my world. As I look around, I’m starting to think that my generation had it easy. There were still choices in the beginning. People were figuring out the rules and trying to find their way in all of this. Trying to understand where they fit in. The old-school guys from the ’40s and ’50s made their own way. They cut themselves a slice of the pie when there was still pie to be had. Some of them even hung up the trenchcoat and put on a suit, selling out to corporate interests. Some went the other direction—slipping away from corporate life and into the shadows.

You have some choices left. What to wear, what to eat, where to shop. These things are yours, so long as your corporate overlords say they are. You see, they built a system that was meant to keep us separated, powerless, and ignorant. All that is

fine if you are a drone, but what happens if you want more than the special ramen on Wednesdays? What opportunities do you have to get more?

Play by the rules, and you find out really quickly that the world is built to put you in a box. That same world needs you to pay bills and buy drek you don’t actually need. You’re the fuel for the corporate machine. Where you are on the food chain depends on where you started out. Despite what the corps would have you believe, most people aren’t born into corporate servitude. The majority of people come into the world with an unaligned **System Identification Number** or **SIN** , which is issued to them in the hospital or administered by sanctioned midwifes.

Being born into the system means that the first fifteen or so years of your life are already decided. You go to school, get tested for magical aptitude around middle school, and are tracked into career-field classes just in time for high school. Things are the same if you’re born a corporate citizen or into a functioning government. The options narrow for the Awakened. They narrow even further for those of us born metahuman. The best most of us can hope for is to find work as a salaryman slinging Arrogant Gargoyle at the corner Stuffer Shack. The system works to support the corporations and criminalize any freedoms that threaten the corps, such as workers voluntarily taking their services to employers willing to pay. It became illegal to switch corporations without corporate approval. So, in order to better their lives, wageslaves needed the complex series of movements carried out by those of us who work in the shadows. Shadowrunners are problem solvers. Because we exist outside of the system, we are not beholden to it.

I bluffed my way into a charter school with a faked SIN and got enough of an education to become a decent hacker and get out of the system. Others I grew up with weren’t so lucky—gangs treat schools like a draft pool. It is rare to see a city kid get out without aligning themselves to one faction or another. Even corp kids have gangs to worry about. After a while, it becomes a lifestyle.

Not everyone is lucky enough to be born with those choices. Many people are born poor and cannot afford to go to a hospital and be properly registered. Like me, they don’t get formal education unless they find a way to fake their paperwork. Undocumented people are treated as a drain on society, overlooked and relegated to the poorest parts of every urban sprawl. That’s right, your worth is dependent on the whims of corporations and governments and who they decide to give paperwork to. Awesome, right? Anyway, SINs became a way of defining who was and who wasn’t a person. Not everyone can even apply. The Corporate Court’s 2072 acknowledgment of metaspecies sapience presently defines which species can or can’t apply for a SIN. Down here in the streets, we know thereal qualifying test is money. In Dunkelzahn’s last will and testament, he used his draconic wealth to provide thousands of SINs to the disenfranchised. He was helping people get into the system, but nobody ever stopped to ask if being part of that system was a good idea, or if we should continue to survive, and in some cases thrive, outside of it.

Shadowrunning is a survival mechanism. It is impossible to work at a Stuffer Shack, let alone hold a desk job, without a SIN. But on our side of the street, a SIN makes life more difficult. You get caught, and they know who you are. They know your history and your address, if you’re not careful. That’s why we take on street names. It’s an alter ego, a way to do business without risking the little bit of a life you’ve scraped together for yourself. Without some form of identity—your personal brand—you don’t have many choices. Sure, you can still lift yourself out of the barrens on a football or urban-brawl scholarship, but most of us don’t make it fifteen blocks from where we grew up. After a time, we stop looking for ways to make it out. That’s the truth for most of us, but like I said, things are different if you’re special. So let’s look at the ways to be special.
