---
id: 6WB-0059
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Crash 2.0
page: 29
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crash 2.0

When Renraku’s flagship Seattle Arcology went completely offline in 2059, it marked the start of a five-year saga that would change the Matrix as we know it. We know now that the trouble began when a rogue AI named Deus seized control of the facility. The Renraku corporation kept this in the dark, first, sending in their own security and then shadowrunners to figure out what was happening inside. Over the next few years the AI worked its plan. Finally, in 2064 a series of well-timed and well placed EMP explosions, a dissonance worm, and Deus’ attempted ascension all colluded to crash the Matrix. The damage knocked everything offline.

As with VITAS before it, the corps were right there to pick up the pieces and turn a tidy profit. Remember when I said the Sixth World could be traced through Fuchi? Well, that company morphed into NeoNET. Guess who stepped in to pick up the pieces of itself and the Matrix? Infused with new money and technology from Transys Neuronet, they took the lead in instituting the Wireless Matrix Initiative, rebuilding the Matrix into the augmented reality wonderland that it is now. In the wake of the crash, the Grid Overwatch Division, GOD for short, was established to regulate the Matrix. They claimed it was a mechanism to prevent one corporation from controlling the network, but the reality is that it exists to police independents like myself and to track and capture Matrix anomalies that rise out of the Resonance pools.

**==> picture [17 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
