---
id: 6WB-0013
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: The Awakened
page: 13
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Awakened

There is still debate about what magic actually is. A magician channels magic in a different way than a shaman or an adept. Both of these are attached to concepts we call mana and Essence, which are simple labels for connections to things and powers that we do not understand. Back in ’22, this e-rag called _Data_ coined the term “ **Awakened** .” To be born Awakened means having the ability to manipulate mana. With this power, you can summon spirits out of thin air, conjure a fireball and send it racing down an alley, or even leave your own flesh behind and travel through the shadowy realm known as astral space. Some people can channel mana through their own bodies, giving them freakish abilities like outrunning a car or punching through a brick wall.

Magic opened new doors. Suddenly, there was another way out of the barrens outside of sports and sex. Kids born with the ability had choices. MIT added another T (for Thaumaturgy) and became MIT&T, and it offered scholarships that lifted kids out of poverty. It wasn’t all good news and warm feelings. People don’t talk about what happened in the high schools. Mages, shamans, and adepts all faced ridicule and abuse until they figured out how they could use their powers effectively. The shadows are filled with stories like Rebecca, who’d been bullied her entire life, suddenly learning how to chuck a powerball. Once they started hurting people, the law wasn’t on their side anymore. The way things went bad was different in every country. Many Awakened children were

**==> picture [291 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

THEbeaten to death by lynch mobs in the early days. Some of the more religious countries branded magic users as demons and punished them accordingly.

This didn’t go on for long before they realized folks were wasting a valuable commodity. The arms race had changed. Eventually the corporations tried to seize control of every magical asset they could, in order to have control of a commodity that everyone else coveted. Corps snapped up the Awakened people and spirits to the point where being born a normal human, though they were still a vast majority, felt like a disadvantage. Basic supply and demand. The Awakened live in a different world than we do, one that is quite literally more magical. If you were born Awakened and the tooth fairy showed up at the foot of your bed after you lost that first tooth, odds are it wasn’t a dream. She was probably somebody’s spirit ally who came by to check up on you and potentially recruit you to their side.

Magic and technology don’t mix well. In fact, they tend to operate like different ends of a spectrum. If you’re one of the Awakened, then any technology joined to your body disrupts the flow of mana. The more ’ware you have, the weaker your connection to magic. Before we really understood or had access to other countermeasures, prison facilities used to perform invasive operations, installing monitoring cyberware in criminal magic users as a way to deny them access to their abilities. Because the more powers the world invents, the more creative the tortures and punishments are to stop them.

But while we’re talking about tech, let’s dive into that a little more.
