---
id: 6WB-0723
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Icons
page: 170
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Icons

The Matrix isn’t constrained by physical reality, only code. Some hardcore hackers think that code should be enough, that we shouldn’t have to prettify everything with pictures—but code is made of letters and numbers, and letters and numbers are icons used to represent concepts. So, since it’s all iconography anyway, why not make it look nice? That’s the sentiment of the vast majority of the Matrix users, and that’s why most things you see on the Matrix are colorful, or stylish, or weird looking, or anything but boring, and not just a bunch of random alphanumeric characters.

Icons are a very broad category of Matrix objects. People have icons, called personas. Devices have icons. Hosts have a ton of icons, from the places they sculpt to the individual items that fill those backdrops. The software that you use has icons, and the security protocols chasing after you have icons, too.

Icons generally follow guidelines to resemble the class of object they represent. Icons that represent personas (see **Personas, Devices, and Attributes,** below) are supposed to be some sort of sapient being, though that can still get pretty wild; cat-headed people, humanoid trees, and shapeshifting robots are all forms you might encounter, along with the (relatively rare) people who just like to look like themselves. Devices appear as inanimate objects that a sentient being might use, like a vehicle, a weapon, or even a soykaf maker. (In fact, smart soykaf makers, which learn your soykaf drinking habits and adapt so that there is always have a hot cup of ’kaf waiting for you, often have an icon in the Matrix that looks like themselves, only shinier and always clean, helping build the sense that online life is just like your real life, but better.) Files often resemble some sort of object that might contain data, such as a piece of paper, a book, or an old-school floppy disk or CD-ROM. Hosts and other places where people assemble in the Matrix often look like buildings. The type of building reflects the attitude the sculptors have toward visitors, and the attitude they want visitors to have. Did they make a cozy mountain cabin with a stream flowing gently by? Then they want you to feel welcomed and comforted, possibly so your money will flow more freely. Did they design a massive castle with barbed wire on top of the turrets and vicious piranhas in the moat? Then they want you to know that they hate you, or at least your intrusion. Even the movement of data can be represented by icons, generally in the form of a flowing stream of images, or even just a steady wind, depending on the sculpting.
