---
id: 6WB-0020
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Drone Casting
page: 19
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Drone Casting

From virtual vacations to deep-space or deep-sea explorations, hitch a ride on a drone. Services offer monthly fees to explore the world through the eyes of a drone. There is a drone feed for every taste. Evo’s **Gagarin Prime** lets you experience the dust storms of Mars. The ever-popular **Crimewatch** allows you to follow Lone Star police takedowns. Fly guy lets you voyeuristically observe city life in any major city you want to see. Guided drone tours of landmarks and ruins have replaced field trips as part of the elementary school experience.

are the original high-tech lowlifes. Find secondhand ’ware. Cut a deal with a supplier or local doc to provide muscle in exchange for the cyber. Offer yourself up as a guinea pig for experimental ’ware to an outfit like the Grey Brothers.

**Cyberware** became the great equalizer. It also became a way to stand out in the world if you wanted to. You can choose to be a hacker and buy implants that improve your abilities to interface with the Matrix. You can choose to be a rigger, swapping the precious meatspace along your spine for a VCR. You can embed ballistic plates below the skin, improving your odds of survival as a shooter. You can mount spring-loaded weapons in your forearms, so you’re never outmatched in hand-to-hand combat. Are you the type who wants to blend in, with cyberware that is made to appear human? Are you the type who wants to stand out with oversized mechanical parts and burning red eyes? Do you see your body as a piece of art, sculpted from futuristic-looking cyberlimbs? Perhaps you’ve chosen to abandon human form entirely for an arachnid base and arms reminiscent of a Hindu god. Cyberware and bioware were meant to level the playing field, but instead they created entirely new avenues of expression and opportunity.

Biology wasn’t standing still during all of this. For every cybernetic advancement, scientists attempted to find a biological equivalent. **Bioware** advances kept pace for a while, but in the end it was clear that metal outperforms meat every time. However, metal comes with a price tag beyond the nuyen you lay on the table. Cyberware means a life of constant surgical upkeep in order to remain state of the art. For some, it can become an addiction. Rumors abound of shadowrunners who went beyond what the body could tolerate. They became more machine than man and the metal drove them insane. We call them cyberzombies.
