---
id: 6WB-1717
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'The Ivory Tower - Main Location: Chawi'
page: 335
authority_level: 3
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Ivory Tower

## Main Location: Chawi

Notable Characters: Metropolis Security (use DocWagon HTR Officer, p. 207)

At 280 meters high and 160 meters in diameter, the Metropolis arcology tower designed after Fritz Lang’s famous film of the same name is one of Berlin’s most striking buildings. Up to the 35th floor, the tower is largely open to the public and houses countless restaurants, clubs, stores, and all kinds of cinemas. Everything above the 35th floor is occupied by the German media conglomerate DeMeKo. In addition to offices and apartments for esteemed employees, the building also houses the luxury apartments of music, trideo, and simsense stars, as well as everything that allows these and other wealthy residents to live comfortably in complete isolation from the dangerous and paparazzi-infested outside world.

The runners are recruited by DeMeKo’s competitor Sol Media to infiltrate this gated lifestyle and extract Fatima Nesreen Zarrouk. Zarrouk is one of DeMeKo’s best screenwriters and lives an extremely secluded life. As it turns out, she is a bird in a gilded cage and practically a prisoner of DeMeKo.

**Original Message:** Are you free of vertigo? Mr. Schmidt is looking for someone to free a defector from her luxury apartment on the 48th floor of the Metropolis Tower. You can fly, can’t you?
