---
id: 6WB-0610
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: conjuring and banishing example
page: 148
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## conjuring and banishing example

Sometimes the best person to battle a shadowrunner is another shadowrunner, which is how Cass Wandering Horse and Kumiho find themselves trying to outrace each other to catch up to a Renraku exec they’re supposed to extract. Cass decides a spirit will be great for running interference in this matter. He opts for the pure speed and concealability of a spirit of air and decides Force 4 will be strong enough to cause the other team difficulties. He has Conjuring 4 and Magic 6, giving him 10 dice to roll on his test. The gamemaster rolls Force x 2, or 8 dice, for the spirit. Cass gets 3 hits, but the spirit gets 2. Cass has gained one service. He also has to resist 2 drain; he rolls 11 dice on Charisma + Willpower and gets 3 hits, so he takes no damage. He gives the spirit a simple command: “slow down the black Americar behind me.”

Kumiho is in that Americar, conducting astral overwatch, which helps her notice the spirit coming her way. She could try to fight it off, but she decides banishment might be more efficient. She has Conjuring 5 and Magic 5, so she rolls 10 dice, and the spirit once again has Force x 2 dice, which is 8. The spirit does pretty well, getting 3 hits, but Kumiho gets 4. The 1 net hit cancels 1 service, which happens to be the only service the spirit has, so it goes back to its home metaplane. Kumiho has to resist drain equal to the hits the spirit got x 2, which is 6 Drain. She has 11 dice to roll and gets 5 hits, leaving her 1 Stun damage.

As is the case with summoning, banishing brings drain, which is equal to twice the number of hits (not net hits) the spirit got on the test to resist the banishment. As with summoning, if the final drain is higher than the banisher’s Magic, the drain damage is Physical; otherwise it’s Stun.

Spending reagents equal to the Force of the spirit you are attempting to banish gives you a point of bonus Edge.
