---
id: 6WB-0594
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Rituals
page: 143
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rituals

These are the rituals you can learn and cast. You learn each ritual the same way you learn a spell (p. 130). Some rituals have keywords, which have special rules, just like the keywords for spells.

**Anchored:** All anchored rituals must be placed on a physical object or symbol of mystical significance that serves as the ritual’s focal point. This could be something used specifically for the ritual (a rock or a doorway to anchor a ward, for example), or a mystical inscription (written in ink, paint, blood, etch marks, etc.), or even the foundation itself. The anchor cannot be moved relative to the Gaiasphere (the planet) during the duration of the ritual’s effect, or the ritual collapses and the effect ends early.

**Material Link:** The ritual requires a material link to the target, something that was once a part of the target. Material links from living beings aren’t usable in rituals forever—the Material Links sidebar (p. 145) has all the details.

**Minion:** The ritual creates a semi-autonomous entity, usually something to help the magician who makes it. Whatever minion is created is bound to the ritual leader, who can’t have more minions at a time than their Charisma rating.

**Spell:** This ritual is used in conjunction with a spell that the ritual leader knows. Some of its properties might change—the ritual has details on how. If the leader has any modifiers to the spell from a mentor spirit, the modifiers apply to the ritual, too. These rituals are susceptible to dispelling (p. 143).

**Spotter:** If the ritual’s target is not in sight of the leader, the leader needs to designate someone who can see the target for them, referred to as the spotter. The individual acting as the spotter must be a member of the group casting the ritual—or a spirit serving a member of that group—and must be able to astrally perceive the target. The spotter must be present in the ritual’s foundation when the ritual begins and then must travel physically or astrally to where they can assense the target of the spell; this is an exception to the “no leaving” rule in Step 3 of ritual casting. The target does not have to be astrally active (and it’s often safer for the spotter if they aren’t); the spotter merely must be able to assense them to establish the necessary mystic link. If the spell is an area spell, the spotter must be able to assense the target location. For the duration of the ritual, a link is present between the spotter’s aura and the ritual group. If the spotter is noticed by the target, it is possible to use the link to track them back to the ritual team’s physical location. The spotter doesn’t make a Teamwork test with the rest of the participants but still suffers the same drain as everyone else.
