---
id: 6WB-0202
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: legwork results
page: 51
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## legwork results

**==> picture [219 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HITS RESULTS<br>0 No useful information.<br>1 Basic, broadly available background information<br>2 A few nuggets of information gleaned from casual study<br>Information from previous coursework or loose professional<br>3<br>knowledge<br>4 More esoteric knowledge, some whispers of gossip<br>Deep academic familiarity, strong professional knowledge,<br>5<br>behind-the-scenes familiarity<br>6 Knowledge of secrets and hidden information<br>7 High-level information, solid understanding of history<br>8 Almost encyclopedic knowledge, including some deep secrets<br>9 Rare knowledge only available to a select few<br>10 Deep secrets others actively try to hide<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Note that knowledge of one level comes with knowledge of all the levels with fewer hits.

GAMEthe course of gameplay if the gamemaster thinks the players have earned it (see p. 237).

Contacts have a set of regular character stats (see samples on p. 211) as well as two special stats: Connection and Loyalty. Both ratings range from 1 to 12.

**Connection** measures the contact’s network and their capabilities of pulling information from the people they know. Someone who is new in town and just getting to know people would have a 1; a gang leader might have a 4 or so; a mayor or state politician might have a 6 or 7; a mid-level exec in a multi-national corp might have a 9; famous people who regularly show up in the news sit at 11 and 12. Contacts use their Connection rating to find out how much information they might know about a certain subject. The gamemaster rolls a Connection + Connection test; the outlines of what they know are on the **Legwork Results** table.

Once the gamemaster has figured out what the contact knows, **Loyalty** is used to determine how much the contact is willing to share with the player character. The general test is Influence + Charisma, with the contact’s Loyalty added as a dice pool modifier. The number of hits is the number of levels of knowledge from the Legwork Results table that the contact is willing to share for free. Levels above that will cost the player, usually around 100 nuyen per level, with greater expenses for the highest levels. The contact can, of course, only share what they know—just because the character rolled well on their Influence test and the contact is willing to share a lot of info does not mean that they suddenly know something they would not have known before.

Contacts can also be useful in acquiring difficult-to-find gear. See **Availability** on p. 244.
