---
id: 6WB-0607
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Summoning
page: 147
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Summoning

To summon a spirit, decide on the Force of the spirit you want to conjure (based on the power you want the conjured spirit to have) and roll Conjuring + Magic vs. (Force x 2). At least one net hit is needed to successfully summon the spirit. Services obtained are equal to net hits. Characters must then resist drain as if they cast a spell against a Drain Value equal to the number of hits (not net hits) the spirit rolled. This is Stun damage unless it is higher than the character’s Magic rank, in which case it is Physical. if the drain is enough to make the summoner unconscious, the spirit returns to its home metaplane. Spirits have a built-in time limit: once one sunrise and one sunset (or the other way around) pass after the summoning, the spirit returns to its home plane, even if it has not fulfilled all of its services. And yes, that means conjurers in the polar regions go a little nuts during each solstice.

**==> picture [267 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



You can spend reagents equal to the Force of the spirit you are attempting to summon to gain a bonus point of Edge. You cannot have active spirits whose combined Force is greater than (summoner’s Magic x 3) at any one time.

Spirits can be fought with anything that affects astral beings, or with regular weapons if they materialize. They have one Condition Monitor, based on their Willpower, and if it is filled, the spirit is disrupted and sent back to their home metaplane.
