---
id: 6WB-1710
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Saif Alhazred - Male Eastern Drake
page: 333
authority_level: 3
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saif Alhazred

## Male Eastern Drake

Among the thousands of Discordian popes in Berlin, there are only a few who can indeed claim a certain leadership role within this chaotic congregation. To the extent that there is such a thing as a high priest of Eris at all, Saif Alhazred comes closest.

The reason for this is because he is strictly politically neutral and one of the oldest mediators in the city, and also because he is personally and through his gang of “Nemessides” one of the most notorious character assassins of the metroplex. Everyone of rank and name depends at least within the own scene on a good reputation and functioning connections—not even the cream of Berlin’s political scene can afford to provoke him without need.

Alhazred likes to pose as a mixture of Faust’s Mephistopheles, the snake Kaa from the _Jungle Book,_ and the serpent in the Garden of Eden—the latter roles he feels particularly comfortable with as he is a snake-like golden Eastern drake. In his human form, the master manipulator appears as an otherworldly handsome man with a perfectly proportioned body, black hair, deep brown skin, golden eyes, and a soft, always irritatingly unagitated voice.

Alhazred values politeness above all else and hates any kind of unpleasantness, which definitely includes the Berlin weather. Only rarely does he leave his mixture of throne room, temple, and hammam in the basement of the bar Zankapfel (the “bone of contention” in Discordian myth) in the Kreuzhain zone. He always acts indirectly and happily through the Nemessides, using them as shadowrunners recruited for his purposes.
