---
id: 6WB-0037
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Dragons
page: 21
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dragons

Here’s the thing about dragons: For as much as they want to be left alone, they also want to be able to control what you’re doing, watching, and seeing. They’re like corps in that way. They fight like corps, too. Not long after UGE (I’ll cover that in a minute— see p. 26), the great dragon Aden firebombed Tehran, killing the ayatollah and everyone else in a five-mile radius of his compound after the Muslim leader declared jihad on the Awakened, including metahumans. Aden was protecting assets, plain and simple. Still, the similarities end there. Thousands of years of tension, animosity, and planning define draconian interactions. There’s a story that Alamais and Dunkelzahn used to hire runners to break into each other’s compounds every year, costing drekloads in nuyen and lives, all to deliver a fruitcake as a prank. Dragons have their hands in everything. Some control cities or nations, such as Ghostwalker in Denver and Hualpa in Amazonia. Others have their claws deep in the world’s financial systems. Two of the top ten megas are at least partially run by great dragons. All of the great dragons have amassed fortunes beyond human comprehension, yet it is not clear what a single one of them actually wants or even cares about. They play long games, their motives are inscrutable, and it’s not clear if they care about you at all. I’ll tell you what a runner told me when I got started: Never, ever cut a deal with a dragon.
