---
id: 6WB-1057
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Know What the Players Want & Expect
page: 233
authority_level: 3
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Know What the Players Want & Expect

There are a lot of different ways to play _Shadowrun_ . Some groups like to roleplay as stone-cold professionals, out to do a job and collect a paycheck. Others are forces of chaos, always happy to gum up the works of society while proceeding in a wild, over-the-top fashion. Still others are forces of justice in an unjust world, knowing they can’t fix everything but ready to fix what they can.

Some groups emphasize story, others detailed action. Some like detailed planning, others like to charge in and fly by the seat of their pants. Take some time to find out player preferences and then make the game work for them. Not everyone in a group may like the same elements in a game, so it will take work to give everyone a chance to enjoy their favorite parts. There’s work to do by the players, too—they have to help each other get to the parts of the game they like and be patient while they wait to get to their own favorite parts.

Finally, have a conversation with players about what game elements they’re comfortable with. How violent should the game be or not be? Should romance be part of the roleplaying environment? What about sex? Are there elements of the game world that might be too close to individuals’ reallife trauma, and thus would best be avoided? There is no way to know these things without talking about them, so rather than be caught by surprise, talk about these things openly so that the ongoing game can function in a place where players will have fun.
