---
id: 6WB-1692
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: At Pain Central, 23:38:52
page: 329
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## At Pain Central, 23:38:52

Gasping, Blitz slammed the passenger door shut. He could have saved his scream to step on it—Zoé’s regulator was already at full throttle, unfortunately too abruptly, so that the heavy armored cab slid sideways with spinning wheels before agonizingly slowly picking up speed. Even the little gas inside the cab was enough to make the world of all three occupants—Zoé and Blitz in front, Kotka in the back—dissolve in biting pain. At least the blinding flash had no effect on them, since all three had flash compensation.

Sultan and Neerah were not so lucky. The ork yelped, his bike chain rattling uselessly in the mud. The city witch instinctively ducked and pressed herself as close to the body of the cab as possible. Clenching her eyelids tightly, she called out to Urbankha, the kindred spirit of the Schattenhafen, whom she had summoned when Blitz’ call came— like so many times before. To hell with the drekheads, whoever they were.

Blindly, Sultan stumbled out of the gas. Tried to get in the general direction of his bike. Blinked away tears, cursing, barely seeing that the cab was no longer there to shield him. Heard the roar of the rapidly approaching Roadmaster. The staccato of an SMG. Felt pain. And then—nothing.

Neerah’s fingers clawed at the protective window grill of the combat cab while she tried to place her feet. Across the roof, she could see Sultan going down. But it wasn’t just her— _everyone_ would see it, because at that moment, Urbankha bathed the Roadmaster—and another enemy, a little further off, hiding in shadows that were utterly obliterated—in the glaring light of the spirit’s Light spells.

The reaction was immediate. This wasn’t a dysfunctional ghetto where everyone just tended to oneself. The Kiez was a living organism, defending itself against encroaching filth if you wounded it. Within seconds, the rattle of the SMG from the Roadmaster’s direction was drowned out by the roar of dozens of guns opening fire from roof edges and out windows, from the darkness of boat docks, even from a granny with an AldiReal shopping bag on the sidewalk. The assault would do little to harm the Roadmaster—unlike the harm done to the sneak trying to hide between heaps of trash on the harbor’s edge—but its ride ended abruptly when the ground buckled beneath it, and the angry spirit of the harbor tossed it on its side.
