---
id: 6WB-0470
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Magic - Sorcery + Magic - (using Healing or similar spell)
page: 121
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magic

## Sorcery + Magic

## (using Healing or similar spell)

The wonders of magic are many and great. Healing spells are some of the most commonly studied magics for those working on the streets. Some use their skills to earn a little extra cash patching up gangers; others serve on a runner team, keeping their partners fighting when the bullets start finding their targets. Those with hearts of gold work as regular street healers to give the denizens of the barrens a chance at a healthy life.

The good news about magical healing is it

he is in thanks to all those wounds. Hopefully, the medkit is pumping out the good stuff to ease his pain.

Candyman slides out of the way and lets Cottonmouth take over. To cast his Heal spell, Cottonmouth rolls Sorcery 6 + Magic 6 with a threshold of 2 (5 – Essence 3, same as before). Since Candyman got Carson out of the danger zone, Cottonmouth’s not going to toss Edge into her spell, but she manages 5 hits on her 12 dice. This leaves her 3 hits over the threshold for healing, which she uses to heal another two boxes of Physical (2 hits) and one of Stun (1 hit).

Carson is still sitting with 8 boxes of Stun and 7 boxes of Physical damage. For those injuries, he’s now on his own with natural recovery, though thanks to a favor, he can get a little medical assistance from his street doc for two days.

The drive over to the street doc takes two hours, during which Carson rests and takes two tests to recover Stun damage, rolling Body + Willpower. He gets 3 hits on the first roll and 4 on the second. He’s down to just a single box of Stun when he reaches the street doc, but he’s still pretty beat up, physically.

Within the first hour at the clinic, Carson manages to wipe out that last box of Stun with natural healing, thanks to the +2 bonus he gets from the clinic staff.

After the first day Carson makes his first Body + Body + 2 roll and gets 4 hits, dropping those 7 boxes down to 3. On day two, he makes another test with the bonus and gets 3 hits. He’s as good as new! Not bad after a run that had gone so far sideways.

works at the speed of a spell—once the spell is cast, the effect takes hold.

Healing magic can mend both Physical and Stun injuries, but not those caused by Drain. The leftover taint of wearisome mana prevents the healing magics from connecting to that damaged tissue to heal it. As with medkits, net hits can be used to heal one box of Stun, Physical, or Overflow Damage per hit. For more information on casting healing spells, see p. 135.

A character can be healed by Magic only once for any single set of injuries.
