---
id: 6WB-0058
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Bug City
page: 29
authority_level: 3
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bug City

Cockroaches are bad enough when they are three centimeters long and crawling along your baseboards. Now imagine them taking the form of spirits and manifesting on our plane of existence in bodies the size of a car. It sounds like a horror movie. It also sounds like a damn powerful military asset. Nobody really blames Ares for trying to militarize bugs. We just blame them for screwing it up.

The nightmare of Bug City can be traced back to an NGO called the **Universal Brotherhood** (UB). The organization billed itself as being “dedicated to bettering the quality of life for all people.” Predictably, they set themselves up in the inner cities where the people had no hope and no economic voice. The UB, as it turned out, was a front for the bugs. The organization was collecting people to use as hosts for bug spirits. They set up hives all over the world in preparation for a bug invasion. Ares had some knowledge of what was going on and had set up monitoring on one of these hives in Chicago. They allowed the UB operation to continue until they realized it was much larger than they could handle. Things escalated with mind-warping speed. The military joined the fight and Chicago was walled off, trapping thousands of citizens inside the Containment Zone. The area strangled Chicago’s economic development.

One thing we know about bugs is they don’t ever pop up where we want them to. Another thing we know is that once they’ve taken root, nothing short of a nuke will get them out. Ares tested that theory, setting off a tactical nuke inside the Chicago Containment Zone. It wasn’t enough. The blast destroyed a large population of the bugs, but enough remained to keep Chicago walled off for another decade while the UCAS military worked to cull the insects. The city has been open for a few years now, but the bug problem is not solved. Far

from it, in fact. Try to get bugs out of one place, and they pop up somewhere else. The bug threat isn’t gone or even forgotten—far from it. Everyone holds Ares responsible for the situation as it is, and the corporation knows they need to do something in order to save face, and maybe deliver a decisive blow to the bugs.

Of course, in the Sixth World, no problem stays one thing for very long. I mean, why be one thing when you can be a whole clusterfrag of nightmares? The Containment Zone holds more than just bug spirits. Creatures infected with various strains of the human-metahuman vampiric virus ( **HMHVV** ) haunt the ruins, stalking the living and waiting for a chance to feed on them. There are parts of the Containment Zone like the Shattergraves, the ruins of the Sears Tower, where ghouls far outnumber the living, which means accidentally wandering into the wrong area means you quickly shift from living being to lunch. While the Infected make many people nervous—and for good reasons—many of them simply want to find a way to live in this world, just like everyone else, and some of them have found a home in the shadows.
