---
id: 6WB-0469
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Healing example
page: 121
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Healing example

Carson Aims has been through the ringer. As his team escapes in their van, he lies unconscious in the back (10 boxes of Stun, 11 boxes of Physical, and 2 Overflow) being attended to by Candyman, the team’s medic, and Cottonmouth, their Snake shaman and a skilled healer. Candyman can see that Aims is in bad shape, and he decides to administer first aid before his sixty-second window closes, but the jostling van is going to make it rough.

Candyman opens with a First Aid test. He rolls Biotech 5 + Logic 4 with a threshold of 2 (5 – Essence 3). Due to the jostling of the van as they escape, the gamemaster decides it’s enough stress to prevent Candyman from spending Edge on the test. Rolling his 9 dice, Candyman gets 4 hits. That’s 2 over the threshold, healing 1 box of Overflow.

With so little success, Candyman waits to take out the medkit and apply it until they’ve gotten to a smoother stretch of road. He has an hour, so that’s fine. For the time being, he connects all the leads and gets the medkit ready. When the time comes, the road is smoother, and Candyman gets to make another Biotech 5 + Logic 4 test with a threshold of 2, this time choosing to use a 4-Edge Boost to add his Edge attribute of 5 to his roll. He rolls his 14 dice and gets 6 hits thanks to those exploding 6s. That is 4 over the threshold, allowing him to heal that last Overflow with 1 hit, 2 boxes of Physical with 2 hits, and a box of Stun with the other 1. The efforts rouse Carson from his forced nap, though he is not happy due to the massive amount of pain

Make a Biotech + Logic test or a medkit rating + Logic test against a threshold of 5 – target’s Essence. If the target is one-hundred-percent natural, the healer gets an automatic hit added to their roll. Like First Aid, this fixes biological material, not machinery. Hits above the necessary threshold can be used to heal one box of Stun, Physical, or Overflow Damage per hit, but not damage from drain.

There is a limit to receiving a medkit treatment. A character can only benefit from a medkit once for any single set of injuries.
