---
id: 6WB-1683
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Saeder-Krupp Arcology, S-K Tempelhof Corporate Sector, 22:36:55
page: 326
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saeder-Krupp Arcology, S-K Tempelhof Corporate Sector, 22:36:55

“The package is on its way.” Roman Sigorski, a brawny man in his mid-fifties with hard features, accepted the runner’s message without any emotion. As head of security for S-K Tempelhof, he had the best possible access to all the megacorporation’s information on and in Berlin, and thanks to his extensive street and shadow contacts, he often got info faster than even S-K Prime. Which, ultimately, was his job.

Months ago, one of his shadow teams had found anomalies at one of the factory fortresses scattered around Strausberg, whose ownership was impossible to trace. What he did know, thanks to a recent shadowrun, was that the isolated food facility was producing weapons-grade biocomponents as a side hustle. And that payments in poker chips were regularly exchanged for sealed cargo boxes.

The goal of the second phase, currently underway, was to intercept the delivery of one such cargo box to determine its contents and, more importantly, get the client to call the factory’s lab manager, Rashid Svodobova. The runner’s decker would eavesdrop on the conversation, hack the caller’s commlink, and hopefully learn the caller’s identity.

With his first thought command, he confirmed the message; with the second, a high-flying Hawker-Siddley Popocatepeti drone unrelated to S-K changed course.
