---
id: 6WB-0597
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: material link
page: 146
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## material link

A material link is something that is an integral part of the target. If the target is an inanimate object, the link has to be something that is an essential part of the object’s structure. A brick from a wall could be a material link; a picture hanging on the wall or other loose object from inside the building could not. If the target is a living being, it must be a tissue sample. Tissue samples, however, decompose over time and cease to become viable as a material link. Hair, blood and other bodily fluids, nail clippings, and so on are viable for a four to five hours, while a finger or larger tissue sample (such as the proverbial pound of flesh) can last three to four days before it decays too much to be a viable link. Chemical preservation methods instantly destroy the sample’s viability as a material link, but frozen samples can be used for up to a year.

it’s actually a sphere that forms around the anchor that has a radius in meters equal to the leader’s Magic rating. The circle acts as a combination of the Physical Barrier and Mana Barrier spells (p. 141) with a Structure rating equal to the (Magic rating of the ritual leader + final Sorcery test net hits). The mana barrier is dual-natured.

The barrier lasts for a number of hours equal to the net hits from the sealing step. Anyone or anything within the barrier is protected from outside physical objects and magical attacks. If something crosses the barrier from the inside, then the ward ends. This ritual takes four hours to perform.
