---
id: 6WB-1258
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: explosives
page: 264
authority_level: 3
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## explosives

**==> picture [450 x 91] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
GRENADES DV GZ DV CLOSE DV NEAR BLAST AVAIL COST<br>Stun 10S 8S 6S 15m 4(L) 100¥<br>Fragmentation 16P 12P 8P 20m 4(I) 150¥<br>High explosive 16P 10P 4P 15m 4(I) 150¥<br>Gas — — — — 4(I) 50¥ + 20 doses<br>chemical<br>Smoke/thermal — — — — 4(I) 50¥<br>smoke<br>Flash-pak\* BIII BII BI 10m 4(L) 125¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

\*Blinded status is based on Normal vision. The penalty is bumped up one level with low-light, bumped down one level with flare compensation, and doesn’t apply to thermographic or ultrasound.

The damage from grenades becomes less the farther away from them you are. The DV entry for grenades lists the initial damage for those closest to the grenade, within a meter, called Ground Zero, then two categories of lesser damage for those in Close and Near Range, with the damage limited to a maximum range of the Blast attribute.

Use the Athletics skill + Agility when throwing grenades, or Exotic Weapons (Launcher) + Agility when launching a grenade from a grenade launcher. Follow the rules for Blast Attacks, p. 114. Grenades and similar explosives can also be rigged with a tripwire to be set up as a basic booby trap. This requires an Engineering + Logic (8, 1 Major Action) Extended Test.

All grenades have the following wireless feature: You can use the wireless link trigger for your grenades via an ARO on your commlink even if you don’t have d **irect neural interface** .
