---
id: 6WB-1695
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Shiawase Tower, Japan Business Center, Berlin-Mitte, 00:16:67
page: 329
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase Tower, Japan Business Center, Berlin-Mitte, 00:16:67

As if he didn’t have enough problems already, Hitoshi Kakazu’s red line was buzzing. The line for the drekups of his predecessors, who had more than earned their ticket to a sweet window job with the big environmental scandal over Shiawase’s landfills near Berlin. Nine times out of ten, he had no idea who would call in. Everything he had learned so far was that every call meant more trouble that he, ultimately, would have to solve.

The line had a voice distorter that would give the caller no indication that he, instead of the expected contact of that number, would answer. “Hai?”

“Meisho-sama? I am sorry to report that a third-party group has targeted the Tengu-4 facility. We doubt that any sensitive information has leaked out at this point, but we fear a targeted penetration of the factory may be imminent. If you would instruct us ...” With a throwaway gesture, the troubleshooter terminated the call and placed its ID on the blocked list, which would simultaneously delete all previous calls from the system and place an anonymous bounty on the contacts associated with that number. He had neither time nor interest in continuing the madness of Berlin’s incompetence. Anyway, he knew everything he needed to know from the info windows popping up in AR.

Apparently, Tengu-4 was a factory fortress hidden deep in the east of Strausberg. No direct connection with Shiawase. Good. But compounds classifiable as biological warfare agents produced in exchange for secret payments by his predecessor, a Shiawase corpshark by the name of Martin Tenjin. Bad. Whether or not that fool had actually pursued plans to create a biological weapon or just needed the components as a means to win favors with a local terrorist group was irrelevant to Kakazu. Nor was the fact that a few hundred or so workers and their likewise irrelevant families lived in the factory fortress. His job—to eliminate all sources of operations that could further damage Shiawase’s reputation—was as clear as it was uncompromisingly elegant.

His unknown interlocutor was probably still wondering about the unexpected call termination when the prepared charges in Tengu-4 destroyed all evidence in a large circle.

At least Kakazu’s predecessors had managed to implement this safeguard against their all-too-foreseeable failure.

// berlin city data
