---
id: 6WB-0918
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Grunts
page: 204
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grunts

Halloweeners, corporate security guards, Lone Star patrolmen, and UCAS Navy SEALs—these are just a few of the NPC templates we’ve included within the section called **Grunts** . Grunts aren’t necessarily pushovers, but they are intended to cover a broad group of individuals. Each group has a lieutenant level, which covers a slightly more specialized area of the Sixth World opposition. These members are still intended to be grunts, but they offer some specialized ability, be it technomancy, hacking skills, magic, or heavy augmentations. They can be used as units just like the regular grunts; they’ll just offer a very specialized challenge. Every grunt is listed with basic human baseline stats. Adjusting them for any of the metatypes is as easy as looking to the **Metahuman Adjustment Chart** (p. 211) and making a few quick changes.

The **Combat** chapter has special rules for grunts in altercations (p. 114). Keep in mind that these rules can be used not only for laying down the hurt with fists or lead, but also when three or four security guards are all at the same guard station and scrutinizing those trying to Con their way past. Initiative for all grunts of the same template should be the same to make record-keeping easy, and all grunts only have a single Condition Monitor, tracking both Physical and Stun damage all in one place. To calculate that Condition Monitor, use 8 + half of either Body or Willpower (whichever is higher), rounded up. Lieutenants add their Professional Rating to their Condition Monitor. Grunts suffer wound modifiers for every 2 full boxes of damage. Since they only have one track, life and death is determined by whatever hit them last. If they were hit by Physical Damage last, they’re bleeding out or dead. If they were hit by Stun Damage last, they’re just unconscious and could be available for questioning. If all these simplifications aren’t enough, or you really want to roll out cinematic actions scenes for the runners to plow through, check out the optional rules in the **Here Comes the Reaper** sidebar.
