---
id: 6WB-0496
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: Long Haul
page: 126
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Long Haul

- **Vector:** Injection

- **Speed:** 10 minutes

- **Duration:** 4 days

- **Power:** 11

- **Effect:** Alleviates need for sleep

A combination of synthesized hormones and other brain-regulating chemicals, long haul stimulates the brain and keeps the user awake, obviating the need for sleep. A character dosed on long haul can remain awake for four days— without incurring any modifiers from fatigue or weariness. After this time, however, the user immediately passes out and sleeps soundly for 8D6 hours. If the character is kept awake during this period, they suffer from the Fatigued I status (p. 52), as they are afflicted with hallucinations and an inability to concentrate. If a second dose of long haul is taken after the first has worn off, the character can stay awake an additional (1D6 / 2) days but suffers the Fatigued I status. A third dose offers a single day of wakefulness while dealing with the Fatigued II status. A fourth offers one more day with the Fatigued III status. After that, additional doses will have no effect, and the user suffers 12 Stun damage (unresisted) and must crash as detailed above. Long haul cannot keep a character awake past this point, no matter how many additional doses are administered. If forced awake with a stim patch, the Fatigued III state persists until the 8D6 hours of rest (more like a coma, really) have been taken.

A dangerous combination of potent drugs favored by troll gangers, nitro is a powerful stimulant that can easily kill a user. After the drug’s effects wear off, the subject takes 9 Stun damage (unresisted) and suffers –2 to all tests (including Damage Resistance) for an equal duration. Nitro users feel infused with energy, suffer a diminished attention span, and talk incessantly (including to themselves).
