---
id: 6WB-0591
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'Step 1: - Choose a Ritual Leader to Step 6: - Seal the Ritual Process'
page: 143
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Step 1:

## Choose a Ritual Leader

Each ritual must have a leader who knows the ritual being performed and can complete the last


## Step 2:

## Choose the Ritual

The leader must choose the ritual to perform. If required, the leader also chooses the spell that will be included as part of the ritual. If the ritual requires knowledge of a spell or spell category, only the leader needs to know them.


## Step 3:

## Set Up the Foundation

A ritual must be performed in a magical lodge appropriate to the leader’s tradition, which is referred to as the foundation for the ritual. This can be a permanent magical lodge (p. 129), or a temporary one created using reagents (p. 153). Once the lodge is active, no participant (except a spotter, if the ritual calls for one) may leave the foundation until the ritual is complete without causing the ritual to fail.


## Step 4:

## Spend Reagents

The leader must expend the number of reagents specified for the ritual, or an amount equal to the threshold if none are specified. The leader may expend more reagents to reduce Drain when sealing the ritual (step 6). For every dram of pure reagents spent (after the initial offering), the Drain Value is reduced by 1, to a minimum of 2.

These reagents are used to seal the foundation for the ritual.


## Step 5:

## Perform the Ritual

During this step, the actual ritual is performed. The duration of this step is specific to each ritual (it’s in the description).


## Step 6:

## Seal the Ritual

The final step in any ritual is sealing it, which completes the ritual. The leader makes a Sorcery + Magic test, with a threshold determined by the ritual. The other participants may join in a Team-

**==> picture [17 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

RITUALwork test to boost the leader’s dice pool. Each ritual’s description explains how the net hits from the sealing step are used, if at all.

After the spell effect goes off, each participant must deal with drain equal to the number of hits on a Ritual Threshold x 2 test (minimum 2) as described on page 131. If the number of hits the leader got on their Sealing test was higher than their Magic rating, this drain is Physical; otherwise it’s Stun.
