---
id: 6WB-0236
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Trolls (homo sapiens ingentis)
page: 57
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trolls (homo sapiens ingentis)

- **Average height:** 2.5 meters

- **Average weight:** 300 kg

- **Ears:** Slightly pointy, often hidden by horns

- **Known for:** Being so big, you guys. Just huge. And horns.

- **Racial qualities:** Trolls have thermographic vision (p. 73), the Built Tough (2) quality (see p. 70), and dermal deposits (which provide +1 to trolls’ Defense Rating).

It’s not easy to live in a society where you look like the walking embodiment of everyone else’s nightmares. Being two to three times as large as everyone else doesn’t help much, either. It’s not a troll’s world, and most of the other residents of the world aren’t inclined to change that fact. Who wants to make space for imposing monsters? Trolls are going to have to force their way into a place in the world—of course, when they force their way in anywhere, they’re inevitably called vandals and destroyers.

A significant number of trolls have looked at the way the deck is stacked against them and decided they don’t need to play the rest of the world’s

**==> picture [290 x 367] intentionally omitted \<==**

game anymore. They’ll stand aside and watch the world burn—and maybe throw on an extra match every now and then. The Black Forest Troll Republic is one of the most important troll communities in the world, acting as a beacon and vision for what troll society can be while keeping a certain distance from everyone else. Whether they assimilate or build a higher wall is an open question.

Trolls have the most difficult time adapting to other metatypes because their bodies are so different. It’s more than just the size and the horns— they have dermal deposits all over their bodies that make knobs, bumps, and other formations. They scrape up furniture and clothing, and make some people think twice about giving a troll a big bear hug. Especially since there are few people who can wrap their arms around a whole troll.
