---
id: 6WB-0437
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: 'Step One: Grab Some Dice to Step Five: Bring the Pain Process'
page: 110
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Step One: Grab Some Dice

The Eye-Fivers are considered grunts and thus attack as a single group instead of three individual attacks. They use their Close Combat 2 + Agility 2 and get a +1 bonus for the extra attackers in their group for a total dice pool of 5. Oda defends with Reaction 6 + Intuition 3, for a dice pool of 9.


## Step Two: Distribute Edge

Here we compare the Attack Rating of the bike chain in the hands of the gangers (11; base Attack Rating of 7 + Strength 2 + 2 for the bonus from the extra grunts—see p. 114) to the Defense Rating of Oda (10; Body 6 + 4 for armor jacket) and see that no one has an advantage of greater than 4, meaning no one gets a bonus Edge.

The dim alley situation hasn’t changed, and Oda still has the advantage of the low-light vision on his cybereyes. The problem is, this is still the same combat round, and Oda hit his 2 bonus Edge limit during his player turn. Oda gains no bonus Edge here.

Finally, we look at any gear or qualities that might help either side but find nothing for either side in melee.


## Step Three: Roll Dice and Spend Edge

The Eye-Fivers spend the 1 Edge they have from their Professional Rating to go for the Tumble Action rather than the standard damaging attack, looking for more of an advantage. This doesn’t alter their dice pool of 5, from which they get 2 hits.

Oda decides to hold off on using any Edge, making his Defense test dice pool 9 (Reaction 6 + Intuition 3), which he botches terribly, managing 0 hits. He then decides to use his Edge to reroll a single die and manages to turn a 1 into a 5, giving him a single hit on the test.

The gangers get 1 net hit (2 hits – 1 hit) and move on to Step 4.


## Step Four: Soak Some Damage

Oda rolls his Body against the modified Damage Value of 3s (Base Damage Value of the Chain + 1 net hit). He gets 2 hits and reduces the damage to 1S.


## Step Five: Bring the Pain

Here we apply that 1 box of damage to the Stun Condition Monitor of Oda and then compare the net damage to Oda’s Body 6 to determine if he is knocked down. Much to the chagrin of the gangers, he maintains his footing.

WEAPON/ARMORattacks add the Corrosive status. Additionally, if the modified Damage Value of an attack exceeds the Armor of the target, the Defense boost from that piece of armor is permanently decreased by one after the attack is resolved.
