---
id: 6WB-0068
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Asia
page: 33
authority_level: 3
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Asia

The key to this continent is a series of islands just off the mainland—the **Japanese Imperial State** . Neo-Tokyo rivals Seattle for its symbolic role as a runner’s haven. The city boasts the largest economy in the world, and each of the Big Ten and several AA corporations on the verge maintain a presence in the districts. The emperor’s government and the corps represent the In and Yo of the nation. It is a balance fraught with turmoil, leaving a lot of space for runners to scratch out an existence.

Just off the coast of Japan, **Yomi Island** is home to a number of malevolent spirits who feed off the pain and suffering of past racial atrocities. The astral space around the island is particularly strong, attracting many paranormal researchers and misery tourists who are always in need of security.

**Shaanxi** hosts another tourist curiosity. The Great Wall appears on the astral plane as an impenetrable barrier manned by spirits that resemble ancient Chinese soldiers. The mystery of these guardians has attracted the world’s top academic thaumaturgists, but so far no one has a concrete idea of how the guardians were summoned or even what they are protecting. Nearby **Manchuria** is best known for an Awakened population that includes a mixture of spirits of the people and invisible trickster spirits known collectively as Ta’ren. Shangui Corporation is the largest in the country, having achieved extraterritoriality, a right reserved for businesses owned by Manchurian citizens. Like Evo, its primary shareholder is a free spirit. That similarity has led to strong ties between Shangui and Evo.

**Russia** is home to Evo, making the city of Vladivostok one of the most advanced cities in the world. However, just a few miles beyond the sprawl, conditions are practically medieval. The sharp contrasts between the haves and have-nots in Russia create an enormous market for the Vory.

The **Indian Union** is home to a huge chunk of the world’s populations and has hugely significant entertainment industries, financial powerhouses, and magical sites. Its growing wealth and powergives it an increasingly large role on the global stage.
