---
id: 6WB-0235
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: 'CITY EDITION: BERLIN'
topic: Orks (homo sapiens robustus)
page: 56
authority_level: 3
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Orks (homo sapiens robustus)

- **Average height:** 1.9 meters

- **Average weight:** 128 kg

- **Ears:** Pointy

**==> picture [17 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **Known for:** Big, powerful physique; tusks; constantly being seen as outsiders

- **Racial qualities:** Orks have low-light vision (p. 72) and the Built Tough (1) quality (see p. 70)

Orks make people nervous, and people don’t like to be nervous. Their tusks, bone structure, and pointed ears mark them as something altogether _else_ , and their strength and size clearly show the damage they could do. As humans have done for centuries, they address the thing they fear by pushing them aside, keeping orks from building collective strength, and crushing them with the sheer force of numbers.

That approach works as long as you can keep fear stoked and have it immobilize the masses. Because if people can move past the fear and start to understand the deliberate injustice that has been forced on some groups, they separate themselves from society’s machine, and the number of people used to enforce oppression gets smaller. Oppressors aren’t especially good at developing new solutions to such problems—they usually just resort to oppressing harder. So while realization of the injustices they deal with is spreading, orks across the Sixth World are preparing for things to get worse so that they can survive and set about the work of making things better. They already have some enclaves carved out for themselves—Seattle’s Underground, Atlanta’s Sweetwater Creek, Dharavi in the Indian Union—and they hope those locales will be the starting points for societies that include orks instead of fearing them.
