---
id: 6WB-0903
source: Berlin Edition
chapter: Archetypes
topic: vehicle movement example
page: 199
authority_level: 3
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## vehicle movement example

Turbo Bunny is starting a drive in her Americar (even the Bunny needs practical transportation some days), and she accelerates in a gentle manner—she goes from 0 meters per combat round to 8, because she’s driving easy and not flooring it. Her initial speed was zero, her acceleration was 8, so she moves current speed + ½(8) meters, or 4 meters. She keeps that acceleration rate up for another combat round. Her starting speed was 8, she accelerated 8, so she moved 8 + ½ (8) meters, or 12 meters. Her current speed is 16 meters per combat round—about 20 kilometers per hour, or 11 miles per hour.

Unfortunately for her, Turbo Bunny is a little behind on payments to her BTL dealer, and he’s sent some goons to shake some nuyen out of her. She spots them in the rearview and slams the accelerator. Her current speed of 16 is under the Speed Interval of 20, so no penalties on Piloting tests for the vehicle, but there will be soon. She hits the maximum acceleration rate of 9, so the car jumps from 16 to 25. It travels 16 + ½ (9) meters, or 21 meters.

She’s still not moving fast, but she also is not in a machine built for chases, so it’s going to resist her aggressive style of driving. When a pedestrian unexpectedly enters the street ahead of her, she has to make a Handling test to avoid them. She’s on road, so the test will be Piloting + Reaction (4). Her speed is 25, one step over the first Speed Interval, so she takes a –1 dice pool penalty to the test. She keeps up the maximum acceleration of 9 for two turns, getting her up to 44 meters per combat round (about 53 kph, or 33 mph). That hits the second Speed Interval, so if she has to make Piloting tests next turn, she’ll lose two dice, all while cursing her poor overburdened Americar.
