---
id: 6WC-0672
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Spirit Doorways
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Spirit Doorways

**Use this rule** to tone down the power of summoned spirits without reducing any of their dice pools.

This rule establishes a restriction on the Materialization power (p. 225, _SR6_ ) possessed by spirits. While this optional rule is in play, spirits cannot enter the physical plane just anywhere; they require a space appropriate to their spirit type to form a physical body. This space is referred to by arcane scholars as a spirit doorway.

Note that this rule does not limit where spirits may be _summoned_ , only where they may materialize. Furthermore, spirits can still manifest in the same manner as projecting magicians (see **Astral Projection** , p. 160, _SR6_ ) without requiring a doorway. While manifested, a spirit can communicate with the physical world as an intangible ghostly figure, but it cannot physically or magically affect anything on the physical plane.

Once materialized through a doorway, spirits can freely leave that space and travel around on the physical plane just as any metahuman can. Likewise, their purely astral movements do not require spirit doorways. However, once a materialized spirit returns to the astral plane, it must once


## spirit doorways

**==> picture [210 x 254] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPIRIT TYPE APPROPRIATE SPIRIT DOORWAYS<br>Freely moving air currents, at least 10 x Force<br>Air<br>meters above the ground<br>A current or former animal or pet lair, or 1<br>Beasts kilogram per point of Force of animal parts,<br>remains, or animal feed<br>Soil, metal ore, or minerals that are not<br>Earth<br>integrated into any structures<br>Fire Open flames, lava or other red-hot materials,<br>or a body of prepared fuel<br>Guardian Sacred, sanctified, and similar spaces, combat<br>training areas, current or former battlefields<br>A place people go to seek advice or self<br>Guidance reflection. Bars, classrooms, places of natural<br>beauty, city parks, etc.<br>Any locale that is personally well known to the<br>Kin<br>summoner<br>Plant Living vegetation<br>Places where tools and parts are stored, or<br>Task<br>where physical labor is regularly performed<br>A body of water (including ice or snow), or an<br>Water<br>area experiencing a downpour<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

MAGICIANSagain use an appropriate doorway to return to the physical plane. Unless specified otherwise, a spirit doorway must be at least 0.25 square meters per point of Force.

Ally spirits use one of the above doorways at their summoner’s choice. Free, great form, blood, insect, and other spirits that lack the Materialization power are never subject to this optional rule.
