---
id: 6WC-0377
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Mutaqua > Troll
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mutaqua > Troll

Rumored to be an experimental result by unknown parties, the mutaqua is a Type Ia troll. Akin to a dzoo-noo-qua, it gains inherent resistance to magic and advanced dermal plating, often forming into pale spikes, but also seems to have an ability to inspire fear, a hunger for flesh and blood, and an extraordinary intelligence. Their eyes burn a pure, blazing white.

of novel mutational adaptations suited to hurting styles. These adaptations are put into full use to make up for the lack of regenerative abilities but are also accompanied by as many allergens and vulnerabilities as any other infected, universally including natural sunlight. Much like Strain I, Strain II is metagenetic specific, with each expression unique to the metatype of its host.

Strain II is also far more common than I, given that it is capable of transmission through bodily fluids rather than metaphysical drain to the point of clinical death. Therefore, use of exceptional biohazard precautions are recommended for anyone at risk of exposure.

- That translates to spit and blood, both things that are encountered a lot when you’re fighting something that bites.

- Gilette

- That reminds me: Why are claws sometimes vectors for Infection?

- Whippit

- Simple. Sometimes it’s a fragment of nail imbedded in the wound. More commonly, the Infected in question has been using their hands to put meat in their mouths, which means there’s saliva left on them. Pack your disinfectants and hope they actually do something. Odds are, they won’t.

- Butch
