---
id: 6WC-0835
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: optional houserules
page: 184
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## optional houserules

What is the right way to play Shadowrun? The way your group has the most fun, of course! As complex or simple as they want it.

There are many options for what these Lifestyle Attributes mean for gameplay. Neighborhoods can come into play when you’re trying to bring contacts or members of the shadowrunner team into different areas in the sprawl. A neighborhood where the neon-colored mohawked neo-anarchist with “Bite My Snake” tattooed on his forehead will blend in, sorta, will be different than one where an ultra-loyal corporate in his overpriced synthsilk suit will feel comfortable. Necessities can affect Natural Recovery (p. 120, SR6), as living in a gutter without replacement bandages invites infection, while living with a high-end apartment with a wonderfully stocked, highend medkit and replacement sheets and blankets for days makes for an easier time of recovery. Comfort could assist with the stress of being a shadowrunner, because even if the run goes right, there’s still the risk of catching a secgoon’s stray bullet or getting tasered into prison. Security can impact a party searching for a way to get at a PC in their home, making it easier or harder to find out where they sleep. Entertainment can help or hinder keeping a contact’s Loyalty high, because let’s face it, no one likes being called all the time only to be asked for favors and the like (except fixers, as that’s their job).

**==> picture [17 x 198] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD COMPANION<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
