---
id: 6WC-0330
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Ogre
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ogre

Ogres possess much of the same physical characteristics of their _H. sapiens robustus_ stock, including low-light vision, muscular bulk, enlarged lower canines, and the pointed aural helix of their primary subspecies. This expression, originally documented in larger numbers throughout Europe and central Asia, are somewhat shorter than orks in nature, with smoother skin along with a protruding jaw and a wider mouth. They have a stronger digestive tract, which enables them to consume non-standard food sources such as tin cans and other refuse (though this provides very little in actual nutritional value). They were accused of cannibalism in the 2040s, but that has been disproven.

In the decades following the clarifications of their digestive natures, ogres have been making inroads toward a greater degree of social ostracization, but many still find obstacles in populated areas with mindsets steeped in the older stories. They’re helped by the fact that they are not far off from human appearance, though their muscular build often leads to them to physical labor. Ogres make up a growing percentage of European ork populations and have taken their oft-encountered bias in stride. Many of them have found a home and new life in the Black Forest Troll Republic, where they fill the roles of interpreters and

spokes-beings. This in turn has brought a few of their number to Seattle as representatives.

- Their dietary flexibility has proven to be a difficult stigma to overcome in some circles. If an ogre has an urge for a snack or light meal, like anyone else, they will sometimes make the decision to grab something that to them is innocuous but in corporate and employment culture can be a serious faux pas or even labor infraction.

- Dockhand #204
