---
id: 6WC-0324
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Nartaki
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nartaki

The earliest known metavariant of the _H. sapiens sapiens_ documented at this time was first confirmed in the Indian Union during the years leading up to and during the passing of Halley’s Comet in 2061 and then again in 2077 with the McNaught Comet. There was an additional surge within the Ganges River that was attributed to an additional five hundred individuals abruptly expressing as nartaki, with all of these being female during the Holi celebrations in 2076.

Nartakis are readily identified by their extra arms—they have one or more extra pairs. This, combined with varying skin colors and tones, make the nartaki stand-out in nearly any crowd. The additional sets of appendages set nartakis apart as one of the few six- or eight-limbed mammals in nature. Nartakis have also been discovered to possess greater-than-average strength, stemming from a variety of factors including adapted muscular, skeletal, and even hematological support within their body.

- This fact is changing as more and more paracritters of mammalian stock are being discovered that possess more than two pairs of appendages. Pegasi being one of the first documented such species after the Awakening, with centaurs and gryphons joining their ranks. Keep reading for more discoveries that we have made.

- Butch

Additional groupings of nartakis were discovered to be living in the Arabian Caliphate and within the uncontacted tribes of the deep Amazon. This latter information was found through growing communications from the Kawahiva and Yanomami peoples, as part of the FUNAI organization.

- Hold on! I thought that all the metahumans were exiled from the Amazonian interior?

- Clockwork

- No, there are still many tribes hiding out there with the blessings of the jungle. Immense discoveries are still potentially at stake, with companies like Genesis Consortium out of Ecuador

continuing to work the negotiations tables with both the locals and Amazonia.

**>** Genepeacer
