---
id: 6WC-0382
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Fomoraig > Trolls
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fomoraig > Trolls

A confusing medley of abilities turn trolls infected with Strain II into formidable, clever hunters. Limbs grow stronger and bulkier, with the upper layers of the epidermis calcifying into thick callouses that almost negate their sense of texture, while subdermal “chestnuts” form that weep corrosive acid, necessitating specialized clothing should they choose to wear anything. Gill structures along the neck provide for long-term aquatic operation, which are often used to lay in wait in rural areas. They favor this environment due to their inherent intolerance to air pollution, operating all the more brazenly with a resistance to magic. While they often favor ambush tactics and unorthodox methods, their mobility and strength means they are more than capable of chasing a target until it collapses from exhaustion or finds itself trapped.

- Word is some of them have developed the ability to squirt that acid at range, lately. So if you’re hunting them, chem gear is a must.

- StakeNBake

- Who are you, anyway?

- Red Anya



- A specialist in hunting infected. Kinda like Nightstalker, ’cept I’m not fangy, myself, and I’m picky about my targets. Got no problem with those who make no nuisance of themselves. The rest? That’s a handsome payday and public service.

- **>** StakeNBake

- And everyone is cool with this?

- Red Anya

- It’s an inevitability. Bug hunters, bounty hunters, big game hunters … as long as they’re not sociopaths, it’s a natural response to a specialized kind of threat. Just as long as he stays out of my way.

- Hannibal

- Same.

- Red

rous diet that is largely garbage with a mixture of metahuman remains (such as those found in graveyards and necroplexes), grendels are optimized for survival in many of the least hospitable places in the urban world.

- There was a big problem with their growing population in the Paris Catacombs a few years back, but discovery of their intelligence and variable habits emerged from a few who made an effort to communicate. For the most part, they’ve been keeping to themselves, moving as family units and feeding on long-dead matter, suggesting that unlike most Infected, they can have their fill of metahuman matter that’s anything but fresh. They’ve made their own strange overtures of symbiosis with local squatters, and their young are growing into the role quickly. In its own way, it’s become an Infected enclave that works well with the world at large.

- Red

- Just change that username. That’s *awful*.

- EB
