---
id: 6WC-0898
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Fencing Gear
page: 195
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fencing Gear

Fencing gear doesn’t require a specialist, but specialists are likely to have the best chance of moving certain types of gear and are the most likely to give you a good price. Selling your old cyberware to a street doc is going to net you more nuyen than if you use your fixer, smuggler, or fence. A specialist is able to move gear that has an availability that is 1 higher than normal. The black-market arms dealer with an effective Connection rating of 4 is able to sell gear that is Availability 4l whereas a Connection 4 fence is only able to move gear that is Availability 3 or less.

But just because they are able to sell the product for you doesn’t mean that they are going to. The runner makes an Influence (Charisma-based or Logic-based) Opposed test. If the runner is successful, the fence is willing to sell the item for you. They will pay you ten percent of the list price plus one percent for each net hit, with a maximum of (Loyalty – Heat) hits applied. For instance, Bama “found” a crate of firearms on a recent run and wants to work with her old quartermaster to move the gear. Bama currently has Loyalty 6 with the quartermaster but also 3 Heat. Bama scores 4 net hits with the quartermaster but is limited to using 3 those hits because of the amount of heat currently on her, netting her thirteen percent of the value of the gear.

Selling gear that the team picks up doesn’t come without risk. The gear can be traced, and moving a lot of gear will raise the suspicions of authorities and make it easier for them to track the runners. For every 1,000 nuyen gained through fencing gear, the specific runner selling the gear gains +1 Heat modifier. If the runners glitch the Influence test, the runners gain an additional point of Heat. If the runners critically glitch the Influence test, the runners are caught in a raid by the police and are issued a Criminal SIN; the item they were trying to sell is lost. If you are using factions and jurisdictions for Heat, use the faction that represents police for local municipality faction, such as Lone Star for Seattle.

Some items are going to hurt your Reputation by selling them. Harvesting bioware, cyberware, or body parts to fence is frowned upon by just about everyone except maybe Tamanous or the Disassemblers. If the runners are selling any bioware, cyberware, or body parts that didn’t come from their own bodies, they suffer a Reputation loss of 1.
