---
id: 6WC-0325
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Valkyrie
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Valkyrie

Well folks, here it is. What everyone has been wanting to see. In late February 2082, a series of recordings were, brought to the public out of the Deep Matrix from a user known only as “Skywatcher.” We will not be going into his dossier as that is not the subject at hand. The subject is what the footage contained. He had penetrated a commune of extremely reclusive individuals who were hiding out in the upper fjords of Norway as well as on the island of Svarbald. These were humans with wings. Along with his recordings were hematological and base genetic sampling of several of the individuals dwelling there. It was confirmed that there were in fact winged humans living there. Later in 2082, additional footage was found coming from the Indian cities of Varanasi and Gorakhpur of individuals at the Dev Deepawali festivals— more people with wings. So yes, everyone, we have “angels” among us. These are not individuals with vestigial wings, but fully functional wings that, when combined with innate magical abilities, enable actual flight. In India and the SAW they are known not as valkyries but as _Garuda ke Santaan_ (Child of Garuda) or just “ **garudan** .”

- And this is where the fireworks began. Holy fireworks across the planet.

- The Smiling Bandit

As it turns out, there were small clusters of these winged people—humans only, it turns out—who had expressed in a SURGE-like manner. Those who had expressed were kept hidden by the Scandinavian Union to prevent these people from becoming the objects of skewed religious devotion or superstition. Similar actions were taken in the Indian Union as well as in the SAW along the old Indonesian and Thailand nations. Early information released by Skywatcher was used as a template by agencies such as the Genesis Consortium, as well as Evo through their ByDesign subsidiary.

- The part of this that really sucks is that while this was going on, the collective known as raptors was also being confirmed and located in various locations throughout the world as well. This sucked, because in the eyes of those watching, it sure seemed like the “human-looking” changelings were being quickly elevated to the status of full metavariant.

- Baka Dabora

- I understand your outrage, truly. But all the testing performed on the raptor collectives around the world have shown no ability to directly reproduce. Further, the raptor collectives appear
