---
id: 6WC-0775
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Squatter
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Squatter

- **Typical Connection Rating:** 1

- **Type:** Street

- **Similar Contacts:** BTL Addict, Joygirl/ Joyboy, Snitch, Street Vendor, Tamanous Member

From the megacorp’s point of view, the SINless squatter is a non-person. Of course, the millions of squatters around the world who live in abandoned buildings, drainage tunnels, and back-alley shelters have a different point of view. Squatters live on the frayed edge of society, most do not have SINs and deal in barter, cash transactions, and certified credsticks. Squatters are survivors who get by with what they can scavenge or find on the street. The most industrious operate pushcarts, selling street food or sundries, while others survive by selling their bodies. Some even make a living selling other people’s bodies (to Tamanous or other organleggers—hopefully after they’re done using them. If you want to find out what’s happening on the street, find a local Squatter and ask. A few nuyen will get you the lowdown on the local gangs and criminals. If you’re lucky, you may even get some intel on that hidden corp blacksite located nearby.


## squatter

| **B**<br>3 | **A**<br>2 | **R**<br>2 | **S**<br>2 | **W**<br>3 | **L**<br>2 | **I**<br>2 | **C**<br>2 | **ESS**<br>6 |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ |

**Active Skills:** Close Combat 2, Con 2, Firearms 2, Outdoors 4, Perception 3, Stealth 2

**Knowledge Skills:** Local Area Knowledge, Local Street Scene, Local Rumor Mill, Scrounging
