---
id: 6WC-0895
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Reputation Outside of a Run
page: 193
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Reputation Outside of a Run

Building your Reputation doesn’t end when you are off the clock. Runners can spend their downtime working for factions to help improve their standing with them. When those downtime activities match the goals and values of the faction, your Reputation can improve through the expenditure of some Karma or nuyen. This could be as simple as throwing a party with all the right people there so that your contacts in the company or gang can hobnob. Or as complex as organizing a team to steal something for you to give to your contacts over there. No matter what, gaining rep isn’t free.

Runners can spend 1,000 nuyen x the new Reputation level plus an additional 1 Karma to make the change. For instance, to go from Reputation 4 to Reputation 5 with Ares, a runner can spend 5,000 nuyen and 1 Karma. This only raises the Reputation of the individual who is spending the nuyen and Karma. It generally takes two weeks to organize and execute the party, charity function, or run. When your Reputation is negative with a faction, the cost is based on the positive value of your current reputation. For example, if you have a –12 Reputation with the Desolation Angels and want to organize a soup kitchen in their territory to get on their good graces, it will cost 12,000 nuyen and 1 Karma to raise the Reputation to –11.

Word gets around when you are using your downtime and personal funds to help out a faction. If two factions are opposed and are in a current fight in the shadows, then you lose 1 Reputation with the opposition faction.

team reaches –20 or +20, the benefit becomes 2 points of Edge at the start of a social interaction. The Edge benefit from Reputation for multiple factions can be tracked on the _Shadowrun_ Gamemaster’s Screen front panel.

In the cases where team members have different Reputation, the score of the member that is the furthest away from 0 Reputation is used. If Orbital Burn has a reputation of 11 with MCT, but Lowkey has a reputation of –13 with them, then the –13 is used; during the social encounter, MCT members gain +1 Edge at the beginning of the scene.
