---
id: 6WC-0300
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'TYPES AND SHADOWS - Posted By: Rikki'
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## TYPES AND SHADOWS

## Posted By: Rikki

With the emergence of UGE (Unexplained Genetic Expression), goblinization, and SURGE, our world’s common sense of diversity was forever changed. With the confirmed metagenesis in not only sapient species but nearly all species of flora and fauna, what was once purely human ( _Homo sapiens sapiens_ ) has since blossomed into a spectrum more befitting the legends and lore of our world. Geneticists and arcanobiologists alike have been debating and researching variations in the metahuman genomes since. Full genetic mapping was nearly achieved just prior to the arrival of UGE offspring (elves and dwarfs) but was retraced afterward, and again after goblinization took place. Agencies such as Quest Diagnostics and Research, Shiawase Genomics, and universities such as Johns Hopkins (UCAS), University of San Diego (Aztlan), Oxford (Great Britain), Karolinska Institute (Sweden) along with perhaps a hundred more

worked around the clock for years even to figure out what had taken place.

Along the way, data encountered the occasional hiccup. Among these newly expressed individuals, there was the occasional being who was further expressed beyond the barely established timeline. They were rarities among the greater commonalities. The first documented and confirmed koborokuru expression was in the city of Sendai, Miyaku Prefecture, Japan in 2031, with no further documented expressions for nearly ten years afterward.

- That’s because a whole lot of them were shipped off to places like Yomi Island.

- Lei Kung

There were similar considerations around the world in places with higher than ambient levels of aetheric activity such as Ireland (now Tír na nÓg), Siberia (now Yakut), Brazil (now Amazonia), the



Native American Nations, Eastern Mediterranean nations (Greece, Turkey), Kenya, Azania, India, and even Australia.

- What is rarely spoken of are locations such as Svarbald, Greenland, and Nepal. There were significant expressions in those areas, but they were given protection by the indigenous populations there as the news of events like the Night of Rage started to swirl.

- The Smiling Bandit
