---
id: 6WC-0311
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Menehune
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Menehune

This metavariant possesses thermographic vision, comparable height to the main dwarf line, and a slightly pointed face. They are more profuse in their body hair, with their thick, full eyebrows being particularly notable. Their nasal protrusions are generally broad and flat, possessing a muscular flap within the nostrils that closes, preventing water from entering. They have long, webbed feet with additional dermal layers that make them a lot like swim fins. Their overall muscle density is less than to the baseline _pumilionis_ variant, and they have an additional thin layer of insulating fat across their bodies. All this, combined with nictating membranes over their eyes, makes the species extremely well adapted to aquatic life.

Originally believed to be native to the Kingdom of Hawaii’s surrounding waters, they actually come from transoceanic coastlines, and they are now seen throughout the world. Many communities of menehune share their territories with other sapient marine lifeforms such as merrow, meistersingers, sea drakes, and several rumors say they serve as spies and structural engineers within the Sea Dragon’s sponsored locales.

- Wait a second, that suddenly helps me understand some of the dwarfs I saw in the deep underground areas of the district in Seattle. A very affable group of folks helping with safety structures deeper down, but also hush-hush about where they were staying.

- Slamm-0!

- Honestly, these folks are usually even tempered and fun-loving. Their body hair isn’t quite pelt-like but feels oh-so-good when it comes to snuggling up to one. A guy I met—I think his name was
