---
id: 6WC-0360
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'DARKER ALTERATIONS - Posted by: Red, Doc Fangs, and Hannibelle'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## DARKER ALTERATIONS

## Posted by: Red, Doc Fangs, and Hannibelle

It’s been years since I first was invited to Jackpoint to talk about the experience of being Infected, back in the old _Run Faster_ upload. Since then, I’ve returned to the topic in _Howling Shadows_ , _Dark Terrors_ … it’s been a very long journey. And while I’ve had occasion to talk about a lot of things, what keeps me invited in insight into the Infected. Which stands to reason, seeing as I am one of them.

The good thing is, it’s not just me, here. Hannibelle was the one who asked me here, and she’s a ghoul. Thomas “Doc Fangs” McAllister (no relation to Bull) may not be one of us, but he’s one of the best independent experts on the infected you’ll find in the shadows. And we’ve had others chime in from time to time, from EB, a fellow runner and vampire, to Nightstalker, the infamous Martin de Vries, another vampire who hunts his own kind.

- Why exactly are there so many vampires and ghouls we talk to, but no, say, grinders or banshees on here?

- **>** Nephrine

- Because vampires and ghouls are the most historically likely to intermingle with regular metahumanity out of all infected “breeds.” There’s been increasing incidences of sapience, sanity, intelligence among all of them in recent years, so we may see the trend shift, but given that the Infected represent a statistically tiny percentage of the overall population of metahumanity, it still remains unlikely to shift in any significant way.
