---
id: 6WC-0361
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Doc Fangs'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Doc Fangs

- You’re not taking into account that the majority of Infected exist outside the law, Doc. That’s our backyard, meaning runners are far more likely to meet them than your average corp meat.

- EB

While HMHVV has been a part of our world for longer than the Awakening, it only came to light in the 2030s, when the bloom in our population saw us documented by medical professionals. It’s anyone’s guess exactly where it comes from. Some say it’s a variant of pre-Awakening porphyria or even a form of rabies. I tend toward the forDARKERmer, but considering there are vampires, nosferatu, and perhaps some other breeds that were in operation in at least the Fifth World, it stands to reason it has always been its own thing, with only tangential similarities with conditions that make sunlight a hazard and blood a necessity.

- What do you mean pre-Awakening? Can you prove that?

- Cambridge Cambrian

- I was born in 1983 and turned before the Awakening. There are also reports among the shadows of nosferatu who have been operating as far back as the Renaissance, at least according to some fairly well-informed elves I’ve spoken to.

- Red

- Oh for fuck’s sake, immortal elves? That’s an urban legend, just like JetBlack still being around. He’s dead. Get over it.

- Butch

- I’ll never stop finding it funny how folks today forget that what’s everyday now used to be myth and fiction.

- Elijah

- In the span of the infinite, all things are true in their own time.

- Many-Names

Today, we represent a rapidly shifting perception. Once we were the bogeymen who haunted the sewers and nightclubs, inspiring the primal fear of being consumed or, even worst, turned; we now find ourselves slowly, unsteadily integrating with society. An increasing number of territories, both national and megacorporate, are shifting laws away from authorized bounty targets to potential citizens, albeit in a limited, often licensed fashion.

- Meaning corporations are finding more uses for them, and hunters are finding less places to pull in a legal paycheck.

- Kia

- Read “legal” as “official.” Plenty of local groups still pull together funds to form cullings for local ghoul populations. And of course, a SIN is no defense against someone placing a legal bounty on you if there is precedent.

- Hannibelle

The path hasn’t been easy, but it’s been some years since Fear the Dark or the Mealtime Killer made headlines with horrifying bodycounts, and the Horizon press campaigns for Asamando, both as a respectable national entity as well as encouraging immigration to its expanding cities, have begun to take root in the minds of people across the world. The fear remains, but sympathy and even fascination have begun to take root, in one fashion or another.
