---
id: 6WC-0705
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Playing the Game Practice Makes Perfect
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Playing the Game Practice Makes Perfect

**Use this rule** to allow shadowrunners to practice dry runs of their plans to sharpen their execution when their hoops are on the line!

Practice requires a reasonable mockup of the anticipated challenge. Building this mockup requires current intelligence on the target as well as an Engineering (Industrial) build/repair test (p. 95, _SR6_ ). A large space or remote location is also needed. The gamemaster has final say whether the gathered intelligence and training space warrant practicing certain skills. Additionally, with gamemaster’s approval, the practice may be accomplished instead via VR inside a virtual construct. This virtual construct requires the resources available at High lifestyle and uses Electronics (Software) skill for the build/repair test.

Practice requires forty hours of training, which cannot be split up over a period longer than ten consecutive days. When training is completed, each runner participating in training rolls the practiced skill + Willpower. For example, a runner practicing squeezing through a building’s air duct system will roll Athletics (Escaping) + Willpower.

The training works as a preemptive Teamwork test (p. 36, _SR6_ ) with yourself. That is, any hits on the practice are bonus dice to the activity when subsequently executed. Bonus dice from practice can apply repeatedly to more than one test, but these tests must all apply to overcoming one single obstacle or achieving one task. Naturally, gamemaster discretion dictates the distinction.

Alternatively, Small Unit Tactics maneuvers (p. 86, _Firing Squad_ ) can be practiced. All runners who undergo this training are considered to have the Small Unit Tactics knowledge skill while executing the practiced maneuver. The average number of hits on the practice test across all participants is added to the leader’s Influence + Logic test for the practiced maneuver.

Training can be directed by a leader, who will roll Influence (Leadership) + Charisma. These hits act as teamwork for any and all teammate’s practice tests. A leader cannot also be practicing while directing others’ practice.

Training benefits last up to five days after completion of training.
