---
id: 6WC-0548
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Mad Eyes - Bonus : 4 Karma'
page: 129
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- missions
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mad Eyes

## **Bonus** _:_ 4 Karma

Also called Bug Eyes or Oni Eyes, this quality makes the eyes seem pronounced and bulbous. The ocular sockets have a shallower development. Irises are either blood red, pumpkin orange, or neon yellow. The eyes are more vulnerable to irritation—increase modifiers for smoke, ash, or other airborne substances by 1.

something near-mystical in nature. The health of the individual becomes tied to their territory, waxing and waning as the area grows or declines in social and environmental health.

In game terms, the individual’s biomechanics reflect that nature. When the neighborhood is healthy, the character feels better, able to shrug off mild depression with ease or face personal fears more directly (+1 dice pool bonus for resisting Manipulation and Illusion spells that attempt to impart these feelings) and even recovering faster (+1 dice pool modifier for all healing and recovery tests, including those involving magic). When the neighborhood is sickly, rundown, or becoming blighted, the individual finds it more difficult to be optimistic, falling prey to their inner demons, becoming slower to recover from mental fatigue and stress (–2 dice pool penalty to all natural and augmented recovery tests and when resisting Illusion or Manipulation spells that prey on these same emotions). More insidiously, the individual finds themselves increasingly resistant to leaving their area, requiring a Composure (3) test to venture beyond their comfort zone. Remaining away from their home for any length of time requires daily Composure tests, with the threshold increasing by +1 for every week away, with failure meaning they will become irritated and emotionally uncertain, registering as a –2 dice pool penalty on any test involving Willpower. Changes in the neighborhood’s social environments, such as disruptive gang activity or a home burning down, result in psychosomatic responses and mood swings; the degree of those is left up to the gamemaster.
