---
id: 6WC-0715
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: building a sin
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## building a sin

Where does a SIN come from? The answer is simpler than the actual item in question. A nation or an extraterritorial corporation with an AA or AAA rating will issue a SIN when a person becomes a citizen. Historically, this takes place at birth if the person is born “legally” in that country or corporation complex. The SIN is created by feeding genetic information into an incredibly complicated mathematical algorithm to generate a unique string of characters. Because a SIN’s foundation is the person’s own genetic material, it guarantees no two SINs are ever the same. Additionally, anyone with a high-level verification system can have access to not only your name, birth date, place of birth, and SIN issuer, they could also have access to blood type, fingerprints, retinal scans, and DNA. To protect it, all this information is stored in two locations: the country or corporation that issued the SIN and the Global SIN Registry (GSINR). The GSINR is under the watchful eye of the Corporate Court.

Finding a good ID manufacturer is about more than just grabbing any old ID. A high-quality fake SIN is the equivalent of creating a whole new person, including medical records, education, credit history, normal licenses, and biometrics. It’s a monumental task. Once you get past that, you are going to need the right biometric material if you are going to bypass security checkpoints with that SIN. Does that checkpoint require DNA? Better make sure that you have a way to be able to pass off the fake material. Does the checkpoint just do facial recognition? A good make-up kit might work, but you might be better off wearing a mask in an effort to persuade the guards you are ill and don’t want to sicken others.
