---
id: 6WC-0320
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: WAR OF THE BLOODY SPIKES
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## WAR OF THE BLOODY SPIKES

Xapiri thëpë peoples remain in a lengthy protracted conflict that many refer to as the “The War of the Bloody Spikes.” Several xapiri communities and their allies have been trying to stop the proliferation of a species of Sangre del Diablo trees that have been corrupting and twisting the nature of xapiri they manage to capture. This corruption takes the form of thorns of various lengths, which have been seen penetrating the skin of the xapiri who have been sacrificed to the trees. They often continue to slowly drip blood or a blood-like ichor long afterward.

Ambassadors and representatives from various xapiri tribes have begun reaching out to nations around them, or those who are willing to meet privately with them in places such as Council Island. The Indian Union, Naga Kingdom, Kingdom of Hawaii, and Yakut have hosted meetings with these representatives, though no one has information on any agreements that came out of them.

With regard to the trees, the Sangre del Diablo (euphorbia diabolis) are an off shoot of the Sangre del Drago trees, which are a major source of pharmaceutical products. In the past, the species has been a bane to all animal life around it, and they are treated as a dangerous invasive species by ecologists and parabotanists alike. The trees have never shown anything akin to sapience, with this growing problem involving the Xapiri communities thought to be associated to a group of toxic shamans who treat the trees as avatars and even mentor beings.
