---
id: 6WC-0315
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Dryad
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dryad

This _nobilis_ metavariant appears remarkably similar to the parent line, having a slight decrease in height, as well as being more slender and fairhaired. The ability to accurately identify, study, and understand them was impeded for years due to their supernatural glamour properties, which they used frequently to interfere with observers. These obstacles were changed when grants from the Apep Consortium enabled teams to reach out and engage populations of dryads in the Papua-New Guinea isles.

- “Enabled” meaning people hired shadowrunners to go in and extract individuals of various ages and sexes. The research

yielded a lot of results, but lots of people were displaced, and many of them have completely disappeared.

**>** Butch

- Butch is correct. My contacts mentioned this to me a few years ago, but all leads went cold incredibly fast. The Tírs have been petitioned to investigate the events, but they have not responded.

- Marko

Dryads often possess strong supernatural prowess. Because of their strong symbiotic nature, they often keep close association to natural environments, which they strongly defend. A few dryads have begun to venture forth farther and farther abroad into the world, though all eventually return to their home territories.

Dryads are found on nearly every continent (except Antarctica) and can express as offspring from nearly all branches of the _homo sapiens_ family tree. Some believe this odd expression may have at one time been the source of pre-Awakened tales where faerie beings would sneak into the nurseries of new families and replace a child with one of their own. Modern methods of blood typing and phenotypical analysis have long since banished this myth, but legends are tough to shake entirely. Because of their wide-reaching expression among metahumanity, they do not have a singular cultural home.

- It is astonishing, but on the metahuman trafficking markets, dryads remain a top prize. Some of you may remember the news a few years back of the dryad “farm” that was found in the jungles of Amazonia, with over a hundred mature women and children of all sexes present? A similar “farm” was discovered out in the taiga of northern CIS (Russia), only this time all individuals found were suffering from an array of neurological impairments. Investigations into this incident failed to lead to any prosecutions.

- Lyran
