---
id: 6WC-0317
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Wakyambi
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wakyambi

Wakayambi were perhaps the most isolated metavariant at one point. They possess the same low-light vision as elves, and the longevity as well, but they are notable for their height—wakayambi hit the same three-meter heights as trolls. Most have the dark skin and tightly curled hair common in Africa, though there are now two confirmed individuals with albinism.

Wakyambi are more disposed to magic abilities than most metatypes. Most individuals continue to dwell in tight-knit communities in Azania, with many of their youth venturing out into the world during their “Dreamwalk,” which normally lasts about five years. The Evo Metaergonomics agreement with the Zulu nation, combined with greater understandings that come with time and patience, have encouraged wakayambi tribes to slowly integrate with some elements while developing and adopting green technologies such as solar and wind generators and newer water reclamation technologies. They use no combustible fuels and produce no toxic waste sites.

- This all sounds great, and a lot of it is. But the wakyambi, and the Zulu by extension, have given up their privacy and freedom. I had hoped they might avert this, but they didn’t.

- Axis Mundi

- We don’t see you putting down the wireless yet, so why should they?

- Netcat

- Wakyambi have been working toward a fuller understanding of the world, and that includes the megacorporations and other

comparable agencies. Their work with Metaergonomics has already established new conservation preserves and is helping in the development of green technology. They still don’t allow visitors to their communities without an invitation or a very thorough examination period, and those examinations involve Mind Probes and other magically augmented techniques. **>** Rikki

- What happened to their “sky tribes” legend connecting them to the peoples of the past?

- Mika

- Those fairy tales still exist and will likely remain a strong part of the underpinning to their own cultures and those of the peoples around them. Believe me, they are not from another world.

- Rain Queen
