---
id: 6WC-0903
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Gangs, Corporate, Military, or Secret Societies Campaigns
page: 196
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Gangs, Corporate, Military, or Secret Societies Campaigns

Heat and Reputation don’t work the same in campaigns with military, gangs, or corporate troubleshooter themes. Reputation within the affiliated company, gang, or crew is more important than other factions outside of the group. The team’s Heat is affected where the larger group is able to calm things down or make things worse based on their connections. And the acquisition of gear or equipment is about requisitioning from the company or group instead of bringing your equipment to the party.

In a gang campaign, the number of factions inside the gang isn’t going to match what you would see in a military or corporate campaign. Instead, Reputation is driven by the territory the gang controls and is ultimately tied to the gang’s Reputation. The Reputation of the gang and team allows them to make bigger deals to help the gang. In these campaigns, Reputation growth is slower, and only occurs when the whole gang is able to control more territory or more of an illicit trade. Making bigger deals can only occur when the gang’s Reputation exceeds the Influence of the group they are trying to make a deal with.

Every megacorporation has a group of elite units that sometimes operate off the books doing things the corporations can’t or don’t want to be known to other parties, especially untrustworthy shadowrunners. In a corporate setting, the runners
