---
id: 6WC-0338
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Cyclops
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cyclops

A metavariant that was first seen populating the Aegean Sea and its many islands, cyclops are even bulkier than trolls and have little body hair, even on top of their head. They are most famous for their large, single eye placed near the middle of their head. Their original Mediterranean heritage gifted them with deeply bronzed skin, they lack their parent subspecies’ dermal deposits. They typically have a singular horn, when they have horns at all. A few rare individuals have multiple horns, placed irregularly in their heads. The inconvenience of those horns led some cyclops to remove them. Some medical specialists thought that implanted eyes could give cyclops binocular vision, but that didn’t work. Even when they have the ocular structures, they don’t have the neural capacity to interpret signals from two eyes. Rather than giving them better vision, a second eye just gives them headaches. Due to its large size, their single eye provides reasonable depth perception.

Where many metatype variants have greatly expanded from their regions of origin, the cyclops have not expanded their areas much beyond the Mediterranean, Aegean, and Black Seas, though a commune has established themselves within the Caribbean League as part of the Bahama Islands population. In those sprawls and markets where they are encountered, they are often employed as bouncers, bodyguards, thugs, and scouts.

- Scouts? Not scouts … snipers! I’ve seen perhaps half a dozen of this big lads roaming the Carib the last half dozen years or so, each one of them are carrying some very impressive gear of the long-range steel-casting variety. Don’t know how I missed this, as a good sniper is often worth five to ten other crew in the right circumstance, but if I were anyone trying to pull some talent for very specific tasks, I would check these folks out. Worth every nuyen.

- Kane

- Kane is correct. The Turks and Israelis discovered that cyclopes are more than just muscle, though they still have that. A few commanders have managed to put together a training regiment that fits their short-tempered personalities. In fact, due to their sizable bulk, these people can be fitted out with long-range weapons with considerably more firepower than other snipers normally use. Krime has been working on the sly with the Turks toward advancing this opportunity for expansion. Old Man Krime himself is probably having a grand ol’ time thinking of the roving anti-ship opportunities now. Ya know, because anti-tank is so yesterday.

- Axis Mundi
