---
id: 6WC-0699
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Dual Attack ([I] Minor Action)
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dual Attack ([I] Minor Action)

This action may be used in conjunction with an Attack major action to attack a single opponent with more than one weapon. When combining dissimilar weapons, they both must have an Attack Rating for the target’s range band. When the weapons are dissimilar, add up both skill ranks (including specializations or expertise) and then divide by two, rounded down. This value is used as the skill contribution to the dice pool.

One weapon must be designated the primary weapon, which sets the unmodified AR and DV and damage type for the dual attack. The other weapon contributes +1 AR and +1 DV (of the primary weapon’s same type, P or S, even if they are different) to the dual attack, or +2 DV if that weapon has 5 DV or greater. Blast weapons may not be used in a dual attack. Firing mode attacks that only have one target (see p. 108, _SR6_ ) may be employed, but increase any AR penalties for the attack by half for _each_ weapon using a firing mode attack. Finally, remember that no Edge may be expended on a dual attack unless the character benefits from the Ambidextrous quality (p. 70, _SR6_ ).

Example: A street samurai wishes to perforate a hostile street ganger with her twin Ares Predator VIs. The base DV for her primary weapon is 3P, but she wishes to cause maximum damage and uses both guns to perform BF narrow bursts, modifying both to 5P, so the total damage code for the dual attack is 7P. However, the recoil is atrocious when only using one hand to control each firearm, and the BF AR penalty is increased from –4 to –6. And since each gun is using a BF burst, that is a combined –12 AR for the given range band added after the +1 AR bonus for adding the second weapon. The combined modification for her dual attack is –11 AR, with an increase to DV 7P.
