---
id: 6WC-0035
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Point Buy Example
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Point Buy Example

Let’s build a technomancer using the pointbuy system. It costs 10 of our 100 points to be Emerged, which provides is with a Resonance attribute of 1. We know we’re going to want that to be higher, so 5 special attribute points costs us 20 more character points, bringing our total spent to 30. We get one free special attribute point, which can be used to raise our Edge to 2, but we’ll spend another 4 CP to raise it up to 3 (total CP currently spent is 34). Attributes and skills are going to be important as well, but resources not so much. For our attributes, we end up with Body 1, Agility 1, Reaction 4, Strength 1, Willpower 5, Logic 6, InPOINT BUY // BUILDING A SHADOW

**==> picture [22 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
30<br>SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD COMPANION<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

tuition 5, Charisma 5. This requires 20 attribute points. Since we get four for free, we only need to buy 16 attribute points for 32 CPs. Having spent 66 of our 100 CPs, we’ll dump the remaining 34 points into buying 17 skill points. Counting our 12 free skill points, that gives us 29 skill points to spend on Athletics 4, Cracking 6, Electronics 5, Perception 3, Stealth 5, and Tasking 5 with a specialization in Compiling. With no CPs invested in resources, we’ll have to make do with 10,000 nuyen unless we use our Karma for more money. With all of our CP assigned along with our attribute and skill choices, we move on to the remaining character creation steps. We’ll spend 10 of our Karma to raise our Body to 2, and 25 more to raise our Agility up to 3. We’ll use our remaining 15 Karma to acquire three complex forms because we didn’t spend any CP on those. Since we’re dirt poor, we’ll pick the Dirt Poor PACK for 8,000 nuyen and hang onto the remaining 2,000 to start with some cash. All that’s left to do is choose our qualities (which in this example will balance out to cost us zero Karma), contacts, and our knowledge and language skills.
