---
id: 6WC-0790
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: loyalty rating table
page: 175
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## loyalty rating table

**==> picture [219 x 419] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
LOYALTY RATING DESCRIPTION<br>The relationship is purely mercenary, based solely<br>on economies. The people involved may not even<br>1: Just Biz.<br>like each other, and they won’t offer any sort of<br>preferential treatment.<br>You have done business enough that there is a<br>2: I Remember You semblance of trust forming. You get the feeling<br>they may not always be pointing a gun at you.<br>The relationship is still all business, but the<br>3: Regular parties treat each other with a modicum of<br>mutual respect.<br>You have done enough business that it feels<br>4: Associate like the character may have some preferential<br>treatment, but it’s still just business.<br>The people in the relationship are friendly, but<br>calling them actual friends might be stretching<br>5: Acquaintance it. The contact is willing to be inconvenienced in<br>small ways for the character but won’t take a fall<br>for them.<br>Something more than business, either out of<br>6: Casual Friend respect or friendship. You feel comfortable<br>meeting this person in a one-on-one setting.<br>There’s actual friendship here, or at least solid<br>7: Buddy mutual respect. The contact will go out of their<br>way for the character if needed.<br>You have shared enough experiences together<br>8: Remember When that you can relate tales of previous deeds while<br>at dinner or over drinks.<br>The parties know and trust each other and have<br>9: Got Your Back for some time. The contact will back the character<br>even in risky situations.<br>You see the contact regularly and know you can<br>depend on them. You know that you can reach out<br>10: Best Friend<br>to this person at any time, and they will attempt<br>to help.<br>The contact and character will go to the wall for<br>11: Friend for Life<br>each other, if that’s what it takes.<br>This is family closer than blood—there is nothing<br>12: Family<br>you and the contact wouldn’t do for each other.<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

in a single month, the runner will need to immediately do a small favor for the contact in return or lose a point of the contact’s Loyalty. If the runner’s extreme situation is more than the contact is willing to help with, they may ask favors in return, but this can only be done a number of times equal to their Loyalty. When a runner owes a contact more Favor Points than their Loyalty, the contact will go along with it—up to twice their Loyalty in additional favors—but the contact’s Loyalty will be reduced by 1 point afterward.
