---
id: 6WC-0366
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Vampires > Humans, with rare exceptions
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vampires > Humans, with rare exceptions

This Strain is the most famous of the Infected aside from ghouls, considering their name is on the

label. The vast majority of vampires derive from human hosts, with a few metahuman exceptions. Physical appearance is largely unaffected beyond the skin growing more pale, though extreme emotions and hunger can provoke glowing red eyes and extended, sharpened canines. With exceptional allergies to both sunlight and wood, vampires find urban settings optimal. Unlike many other strains, vampires almost never lose any cognitive sapience, sanity not withstanding, leading them to relate to their prey, for better or worse. Their feeding preference is the most varied of all Strain Is, so long as there is a strong emotional connection, from ecstasy to terror to hate.

- My friend Seamus is a vampire and a dwarf. While rare, vampirism is easily the most adaptable form of HMHVV, including several regional offshoot forms such as the Filipino/Malaysian Amalanhig, which has a series of probosci under its tongue for feeding, or the Caribbean Sukuyan, which is capable of consuming fruit juice and rum, requires salt as part of its diet, has no trouble with buoyancy, and lacks resistance to toxins and narcotics.

- Doc Fangs

- “Regional” meaning infection of a geographical location or those native to it?

- KAM

- That’s an excellent question, one for which I unfortunately don’t have an answer …

- Doc Fangs

- You want a real life-saving bit of advice from ol’ Uncle Kane? Keep your eye open for Sukuyan if you’re ever dealing with pirates or boccor. Seems they like to use a bit of the ol’ voodoo to make them real pliant-like, which is a real bitch in a fight.

- Kane

- That and wood-pulp bullets, right?

- /dev/grrl

- Could you stop reminding him?

- Red

- Relax, kid. Just not too much.

- Kane
