---
id: 6WC-0387
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Type III, Krieger - Ghilani Wichtiviridae
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Type III, Krieger

## Ghilani Wichtiviridae

Strain III is perhaps the most famous strain in the world, as due to its exceptional virulence and global distribution it maintains a higher population of carriers than all other Infected put together by several magnitudes: ghouls. Across the world and in every metroplex, ghouls are the singular expression regardless of the host’s metatype. Physically, ghouls are blind. This is not due to any compromise of the occipital lobe; they are more than capable of “seeing” auras due to their dual nature, and they are capable of regaining normal eyesight with cybernetic prosthesis. Along with enhanced hearing and smell, they are skilled hunters, capable of stalking prey and consuming metahuman flesh to survive. They are easily recognized by pale, scabrous, hairless bodies and hardened black nails, which assist them both in combat and in digging underground, their primary habitat to avoid sunlight.

At an estimated ninety to ninety-five percent of the global Infected population, they are immediately recognizable in the public imagination, whether by the activities of the 162 ghoul gang (so named for Special Order 162, which briefly grant-

**==> picture [17 x 198] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SIXTH WORLD COMPANION<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

WHAT IT IS, WHATed ghouls metahuman rights in the early 2050s before being rescinded), the African nation of Asamando, founded and populated by a majority of ghoul citizens, or the Ghoul Liberation League (GLL), which works to expand the rights and freedoms of Infected across the world. On the corporate level, cures and synthetic flesh substitutes hold the promise of generous research grants and fame, to say nothing of Dunklezahn’s still-standing bequeathment for anyone who produces lasting results in that area. In day-to-day life, ghouls may sympathetically be seen as the topic of biopics of Tamir Grey, a ghoul relief worker whose journals showed his kind in a humanitarian light, or they may be reviled as monsters haunting a tenement, hunting and eating innocent victims.

Ghoul social organization is dependent on the remaining intellect of the ghouls in question. The transformation, both physically and neurologically agonizing, can have varying effects on both the sanity and intellectual capacity for the ghoul they become. Some become feral, driven by little more than pack-hunting instincts. Others remain functionally the same. Some very few find new strength of will in the crucible they’ve survived. Ghouls may build a life among their own kind on the fringes of society, attempt to blend in using cosmetic biosculpting, or seek employment in the shadows, whether as runner or syndicate operatives, usually working for Tamanous.

Notably, no non-metahuman sapients have, as yet, shown any sign of infection, though this may be coincidental. That being said, regional variations exist, such as the African Sasabonsam who have elongated limbs, the Japanese Gaki who have natural glowing eyes, and the Filipino Busaw, which has an allergic reaction to citric acid.

- Ghouls are about the best allies you can make. Corpse disposal and security are two obvious advantages for runners, but honestly, a friend in need becomes a friend in deed. You show real friendship for someone who needs it, you’ll get someone loyal to watch your back.

- Red

- Just remember that we’re used to being seen as means or ends. Odds are we can spot a user a mile off, and we’ll return the favor.

- **>** Hannibelle

- Dunklezahn’s Will offers a significant prize to the party who produces a synthetic substitute for metahuman flesh for ghouls, but after decades waiting, the Draco Foundation has expanded the reward to cover all infected dietary needs, and they’ve got generous offerings for inoculations, vaccines, or even the long-sought cure. It’s still not juicy enough to be at the forefront of any AAA megacorps’ research priorities, but a new generation of biohacker labs have been inspired by the prizes to be won. You can bet there’s work to be had on datasteals and headhunting between these groups.

- **>** Silk
