---
id: 6WC-0671
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: silver bullet for additional spirity types
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## silver bullet for additional spirity types

Many believe the term “silver bullet” comes from an eighteenth-century account of what was believed to be a werewolf attack in south-central France. A string of murders ended when one of the hunters claimed to have killed the large wolf with blessed silver bullets. The account provided the world with one of the most commonly known weakness for Awakened creatures. Ironically, in the nineteenth century, the term “silver bullet” was used to describe something performing like a magical weapon or an act that promptly resolves a longstanding problem.

Few things strike more fear into a group of runners than a high-Force spirit materializing in front of them. If a team of runners research the situation before going in, they could have an idea of what they are going to face. All spirits in Shadowrun, Sixth World have weaknesses to some kind of mundane material or effect, thereby granting non-magical ways to bypass spirits’ Immunity to Normal Weapons. Unfortunately, spirits from Street Wyrd were not covered. Consider these additions official, rather than optional!

**==> picture [219 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPIRIT TYPE ALLERGY SEVERITY<br>Guardian Wood Severe<br>Guidance Gold Severe<br>Vulnerability<br>Plant Fire<br>(p. 229, SR6)<br>Task Corrosives Severe<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Under this optional rule, the ability to affect free will is conditional: magic can never cause someone to commit or submit to a violent act, nor can free will be affected while the target is witnessing violence.
