---
id: 6WC-0662
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Lifestyle and Healing
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lifestyle and Healing

**Use this rule** to have a runner’s lifestyle (p. 57, _SR6_ ) influence their ability to heal naturally (pp. 120-121, _SR6_ ), either for good or for ill.

Runners at Low lifestyle are considered to be in the default circumstance with regard to this optional rule. Living better than this grants advantages such as healthier food, better medical supplies, and expanded opportunities for exercise and rehabilitation. While living at Middle lifestyle, runners gain +2 dice, because they are always presumed to have a trained medic watching over them during natural healing in the form of their home’s smart systems (see **Medical Assistance** , p. 120, _SR6_ ) . At High lifestyle, the increased availability of luxurious “real” food, and more extensive medical care adds an additional +2 dice (+4 total) to the healing tests. Runners fortunate enough to benefit from Luxury lifestyle enjoy a grand total of +6 dice to their natural healing tests.

Understandably, runners on the harder side of the socio-economic spectrum have it more challenging when it comes to natural healing. Squatter lifestyle imposes a –1 die penalty to natural healNEWing, due to the increased risks of infection and the dearth of nutrition and medicine. Runners living at Street lifestyle don’t even have reliable shelter, and they suffer –2 dice for natural healing tests. Even worse, at Street lifestyle natural healing is an Extended test with a 1-day interval, so the dice pool shrinks each day until either you’re healed—or you can’t be healed any further.

Runners may also seek care at a hospital or clinic. Since there’s no universal healthcare in the Sixth World, gaining a temporary “hospitalized” lifestyle costs 500 nuyen per day and grants the benefits of Middle lifestyle for the natural healing tests (+2 dice, see above). However, DocWagon contracts (p. 281, _SR6_ ) provide a useful and discreet form of health insurance for people like shadowrunners. A basic DocWagon contract covers the cost of hospitalization as described above. A gold contract does the same and also grants +4 dice pool bonus on healing tests for the duration of a stay. A platinum or super-platinum contract grants +6 dice bonus for natural healing while under care.
