---
id: 6WC-0713
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Vice table
page: 155
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vice table

**==> picture [220 x 131] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
VICE POWERS<br>BTLs 12<br>Addictive behavior<br>5<br>(sex, gambling, RPGs, etc.)<br>Legal simsense (including cold sim VR) 5<br>Illegal simsense (including hot sim VR) 6<br>Total Force of all active foci,<br>Using magical foci divided in half<br>(rounded down)<br>Pleasure-giving magical effects Caster’s Magic<br>Legal stimulants (soykaf, nic sticks, etc) 5<br>Recreational drugs with no game effects 6<br>Stim patches (other painkillers use Power) Rating<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Under this optional rule, verification systems have a more complex mechanic than rolling 2 x verification system rating against a threshold of (SIN rating). Verification systems of increased capability require supplemental input in the form of biometrics (note that fake SINs are not tailored to your own biometrics). For example, a low-rating fake SIN may incorporate the DNA of a chicken, if it incorporates any DNA data at all. Alternatively, a low-rating fake SIN could simply be a stolen identity of some unfortunate who never got recorded as deceased. Higher-rating fake SINs incorporate biometric data that is plausibly yours, but still comes from another source. It’s probably best if you don’t ask where exactly it comes from. Also note that no fake SIN ever incorporates your real biometrics, because it’s not good if your real fingerprints or DNA that might be found at a crime scene can be tied to a perfectly good fake SIN. You’ll have to somehow supply the fake biometrics for very secure verification systems. A good fake SIN might have come with a finite supply of these samples, but the amount and the possibility of sample re-supply is a matter reserved for gamemaster discretion.

If the fake SIN is purchasing an item requiring a license, passes a security checkpoint, or is scanned by any verification system a verification check is performed. There is a chance that the verification system may catch something. At that time, the character must make an Opposed test pitting the fake ID rating against the verification system dice pool equal to its rating. The side with the most hits wins. The verification system wins if it’s a tie.

If the verification system is rating 5 or higher, a Stealth (Palming) + Agility vs. operator’s Perception + Intuition Opposed test is necessary to slip any fake samples that match the fake SIN into the reader. If the verification test is a tie, the system prompts the operator to query the character for clarifying information. You must succeed on a Con + Charisma (Verification Rating) to clear the query and pass the SIN verification.
