---
id: 6WC-0306
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Dwarf - (Homo sapiens pumilionis) Metavariants - Duende (the Dour)
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dwarf

## (Homo sapiens pumilionis) Metavariants

## Duende (the Dour)

While going over data from multiple new sources not previously available, a new metavariant has been confirmed in the Sixth World. They are part of the _pumilionis_ subspecies, and the name duende has been assigned to them. The largest population of this metavariant originated in the Philippines, but other communities have been confirmed in the African nations of Mali-Foso and Niger and in Peru on the South American continent. Noted for their nearly ebon-black smooth skin, almost bleached white or blonde hair, and penetrating purple eyes, the duende are _pumilionis_ stock who have suffered significant genetic modification. Originally identified by Purinsu Ribon, a transgenics subsidiary of Shiawase that focused on DNA research and the Metahuman Genomic Project, the duende have recombinant RNA that resembles the HMHVV variant found in goblins (Infected dwarfs).

Duende possess _solar urticaria_ , or sun sickness, to an extremely dangerous level, which prevents them venturing out in daylight except during heavy cloud coverage. They possess the same resistance to toxins of their _pumilionis_ parent, as well as visual acumen that both stretches into the thermographic spectrum and gives them lowlight vision. They are also exceptionally fast, not only in general movement, but in reaction times as well. That detail has cost many antagonists a decent share of broken bones and busted jaws. The duende also have a driving hunger for meat protein: beef, poultry, fish, etc.

What stands out among their traits is that they have some natural immunity to all known forms of the human-metahuman vampiric virus, including the Krieger strain that creates Ghouls.

- And before anyone leaps in here with vast vampiric conspiracy theories, allow me to interject. I’m the one who turned up this information while I was studying those corporations that were nose deep in CFD research. Purinsu Ribon had been using recombinant metagenetic therapy, which is still very experimental at this point, including work involving carriers of HMHVV strains I and III. They were looking at how HMHVV seemed to block infection from cognitive fragmentation disorder, and the duende’s traces of HMHVV may be related to this research.

- Population tracking was ultimately made possible through the efforts of the Genesis Consortium and assistance from the nations of Amazonia, Ecuador, Peru, Chile, AGS, and Russia. Genetic sequencing of individuals indicates the original populations were centered in Peru, as well as the Osaka Bay region of Japan and the Chicago Containment Zone (now Reformation Zone).

**>** Rikki

- The Chicago and Osaka populations were subjected to SURGElike conditions after being exposed to an aerosol agent deployed in those areas. There are unlisted labs in both places. One of the escapees from the Osaka lab was named Gong. He’s safe, and I can confirm he has no trace of HMHVV infection. These duende seem to all have immunity to toxins, but none of the really bad stuff associated with Infection. Unless you count eating raw meat (not metahuman) and excessive need for sunscreen as being really bad.

- Old Crow
