---
id: 6WC-0131
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Life Path Example
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Life Path Example

Let’s design a street samurai character using the life path system. Starting with the first childhood module, we’ll select troll for our metatype. Since trolls have a high maximum for Body and Strength, those attributes start at 2, but all the others (including Edge) start at 1. We’ll choose to be mundane, which pushes the Edge to 2. The nationality will be UCAS, and our native language will be English. The quality this character feels they were born with is Tough as Nails at level 2, which costs us 8 Karma. Moving on to early childhood, we have some skills to choose: We gain 2 ranks in Athletics, Close Combat, Perception, and Stealth. We’ll define the place we grew up as Seattle, and gain [Seattle] Area Knowledge. Maybe we grew up poor and on the streets, so we’ll take the Uneducated quality and gain 6 Karma. To finish off our childhood, we move on to the coming of age module. Our best skill as a street samurai will be Firearms, which we gain at rank 4. Our best attribute will be Agility. Since our maximum Agility is 5, we get to raise another attribute, our Reaction, by 1. For our defining quality, we choose Muscles, which costs us 6 Karma. We’ll mark down our starting amount of 25,000 nuyen, with the knowledge that we’re going to need a lot more. We assign 4 points to a single street-type contact, so Connection and Loyalty are each at 2.

Next, we must choose our eight adult life modules.

_Module 1_ : Ganger seems like a good start. We choose +1 Reaction, +1 Firearms, +1 Stealth, gain 25,000 nuyen, and upgrade our contact with a second type: criminal. Connection and Loyalty each go up to 3. We gain the [Seattle] Gangs knowledge skill. _Module 2_ : Organized Crime. You moved up in

the criminal world, picking up some odd jobs for the Mafia. We choose +1 Body, +1 Firearms, +1 Athletics, and +1 Edge. We upgrade our criminal street contact’s ratings each to 4 and learn the [Seattle] Underworld knowledge skill.

_Module 3_ : Mentor. You looked out for the younger gangers and helped them learn how to survive. Some of them actually did. We choose +1 Intuition, +1 Reaction, +1 Close Combat, and add 25,000 nuyen to our total. Our 4 new contact points go to a new medical-type contact with Connection and Loyalty ratings of 2 each.

_Module 4_ : The theft event. We gain 75,000 nuyen, +1 to Reaction, and 4 contact points that we use to upgrade our medical contact to rating 4 Connection and Loyalty. We take the Bounty quality and gain 10 Karma.

_Module 5_ : Guide. +1 Intuition, +1 Athletics, +1 Stealth, +25,000 nuyen. We add the street type to our medical contact and raise their ratings each to 5, and decide that they’re our Street Doc.

_Module 6_ : Ganger. We can only take one module twice, and this one is a good fit. +1 Body, +1 Close Combat, +1 Stealth, +25,000 nuyen. Our Mafia Don contact (criminal and street type) goes up to Connection and Loyalty 5, and we learn the knowledge skill [Seattle] Streets.

_Module 7_ : Event: we pushed our body to its limits, perhaps representing the strain of receiving multiple augmentations. +2 Body, +1 Intuition, +1 Edge. Our street doc is upgraded to Connection and Loyalty 7. We choose the High Pain Tolerance quality at a cost of 7 Karma.

_Module 8_ : Military. Our Mafia contacts got you work with a mercenary company. +1 Body, +1 Strength, +1 Close Combat, +25,000 nuyen, and a new corporate contact with Connection and Loyalty 1. The Small Unit Tactics knowledge skill is also bound to come in handy.

Our final attributes are Body 7, Agility 5, Reaction 5, Strength 3, Willpower 1, Logic 1, Intuition 4, Charisma 1, Edge 4. Our skills are Athletics 4, Close Combat 5, Firearms 6, Perception 2, Stealth 5. Our knowledge skills are [Seattle] Area Knowledge, [Seattle] Gangs, [Seattle] Streets, [Seattle] Underworld, and Small Unit Tactics.

For contacts we have a Mafia Don with Connection and Loyalty 5, a Street Doc with Connection and Loyalty 7, and a Corporate Secretary with Connection and Loyalty 1.

Our qualities are Bounty, Built Tough, High Pain Tolerance, Muscles, Tough as Nails, and Uneducated, which leaves us with 45 customization Karma. 25 of that goes to raise our Willpower to 3, and the remaining 20 brings our Strength to 4.

Most of our 225,000 nuyen is going to pay for a lot of cyberware, and the rest we’ll use to buy weapons, armor, and other gear. We’ll leave those specifics to your imagination, or feel free to complete the character to play yourself if it’s what you’re looking for.
