---
id: 6WC-0336
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: ork Variant Attribute Ranges
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ork Variant Attribute Ranges

**==> picture [444 x 94] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
BOD AGI REA STR WIL LOG INT CHA EDG<br>Hobgoblin 1–6 1–6 1–6 1–7 1–6 1–6 1–6 1–7 1–6<br>Racial Traits: Fangs, Low-Light Vision, Extravagant Eyes, Poor Self Control (Vindictive)<br>Ogre 1–9 1–6 1–5 1–8 1–7 1–6 1–6 1–6 1–6<br>Racial Traits: Low-Light Vision, Ogre Stomach<br>Oni 1–8 1–7 1–6 1–7 1–6 1–6 1–6 1–7 1–6<br>Racial Traits: Low-Light Vision, Striking Skin Pigmentation<br>Satyr 1–7 1–6 1–7 1–7 1–6 1–6 1–6 1–6 1–6<br>Racial Traits: Low-Light Vision, Satyr Legs<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

the temples, though a variety of forms have ramand bull-like horns. Satyrs have elongated jaws, with slender nasal features and cheekbones, along with smaller lower canines than other _robustus_ expressions.

Satyrs usually adapt to the cultures where they live. They are solid populations of the subspecies found in Europe, with higher numbers around the Aegean and Baltic seas, as well as in the Black Forest Troll Republic and northern France. New expressions have been contacted in the northern

reaches of the Rocky Mountains within the Sioux Nation and Salish-Shidhe Council lands. Their reputation as fun-loving, rambunctious partygoers is not entirely unearned, as a great many representatives of this metavariant have traveled widely and found their places in all walks of life. This has earned them some unwelcome followers. The violence that had started against satyrs in the latter half of the ’70s continues to rise, and nearly all high-profile individuals now have security details. Satyr communities have begun to hire security



**==> picture [287 x 744] intentionally omitted \<==**
