---
id: 6WC-0442
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: metagenesis
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## metagenesis

**Pronunciation:** [me-tuh-’je-nuh-sis] **Definition:**

1. Alteration in pre-existing genetic expression as normally found in asexual or sexual methods of reproduction in the same or divergent species.

1. Expression of genomic traits found in all living beings by means of non-tangible stimuli, often requiring the exposure to significant forces found in non-Euclidean (e.g., astral) space.

beings to mineral deposits—and in a few cases caused tectonic displacements. The effects of the comet were felt for three to four years afterward, although biological lifeform expressionss decline within one to two years. The Indian subcontinent hosted some of the more famous SURGE incidents, and events spread east from there. The arrival of shedim spirts made documenting events difficult, but the discovery and use of the Kechibi code helped with data mining.

- That’s how you’re doing this! Damn, it all suddenly makes so much sense. I’m thick!

- Snopes

- The beating I got from the code and subsequent rehab ended up having some benefits.

- Rikki

Additional SURGE expressions took place around the globe in locations with significant mana surges. These included: the **Ganges River** , with significant expressions near Varanasi and the Bangla Delta, the **Uluru-Kata Tjuta** preserve in the Australian Outback, the **White and Blue Nile Confluence** at Khartoum, Sudan, **Havasu Falls** of the Pueblo Corporate Council, and the **Nazca Geoglyphs** some four hundred kilometers south of Lima, Peru. The actual number of these SURGE-centric locations is by no means complete.

The term “SURGE” has in some instances replaced more vulgar terms such as “Goblinization,” increasing scientific understanding of the phenomenon while also reducing some of the attached social stigma. Many scholars accept that regional and local influences on the manasphere affect these expressions.

- This is where things get interesting.

- G-Nome
