---
id: 6WC-0838
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Game Effect
page: 185
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Effect

Level 1: Cork boards, whiteboards, thumbtacks, and lots of different-colored thread to visually connect pieces of data. There’s also a kaf machine—wiz! When in a home with this quality, PCs can act as if they have a Knowledge skill relevant to the legwork they are performing that they do not otherwise have.

Level 2: Features an air-gapped computer system with a variety of AR displays that can be shifted to look like you’re playing an MMO—useful if you have this system in an apartment rather than a bolthole. The kaf machine is a commercial model that holds fifty cups of kaf. Twenty if you’re a troll. When in a home with this quality, PCs can act as if they have two Knowledge skills relevant to the legwork they are performing that they do not otherwise have.

Level 3: This command center features a decker/techomancer’s hacking chair, high definition holo-display in the center of the room so you can plan the insertion via the thermal exhaust port, AR displays everywhere, and the finest kaf machine you can find to keep everyone going when the long haul starts to wear off. When operating out of a home with this quality, PCs can act as if they have an extra point of Edge.


## Game Effect

Level 1a: You have a Light Pistol next to the place you spend most of your time in at your home, probably the chair in front of the trid, and knives, extendable batons, or brass knucks all around the place.

Level 1b: If you have a spare room, you have turned it into an armory, with a shop’s worth of weaponsmithing tools. Modify those firearms, sharpen those knives, add lead to the hitting end of clubs, put spikes on those brass knuckles, and keep your damned hands off that monofilament whip!

Level 2: You have a Heavy Pistol in your Horizon Lazyboi as well as in a bed holster and a waterproofed container in the shower. The pistols have speed loaders or clips handy there as well, and you have a spare fragmentation grenade hidden in the margarine keeper in the fridge.

Level 3: This is the bomb, literally. A fragging shotgun or assault rifle is hidden behind your chair, your couch is a gun locker, there are SMGs above every doorway, a waterproofed FN HAR Assault Rifle in the shower, and to top it all off, a self-destruct system is wired into your hovel for when you need to take off and leave no trace you ever existed.
