---
id: 6WC-0340
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Giant
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Giant

Where most people think trolls are big, there is one metavariant that quite literally stands heads above the others. Giants average a full three meters in height, with a handful of individuals documented at between three-and-a-half to four. Lacking the horns and dermal bone deposits of trolls while sharing the heavy-set physique and musculature, giants enjoy luxurious facial hair in the males and bak-like, leathery skin adding to their rugged, outdoorsy look. Because of their height, their musculature is spread out more, giving them a more slender appearance that most other members of the _ingentis_ subspecies. Giants are also one of the metavariants who have an uncommon genetic reversion—one in four of their female offspring will randomly express to human ( _H. sapiens sapiens_ ). This odd genetic reversion occurs most frequently during the teen years, but it has been observed in one individual who was in her late thirties. The reasons for this are still being explored, with research thus far not indicating external stimuli such as geography, ambient aetheric under-exposure (i.e., mana ebbs or voids), or a parentally associated revertant being relevant factors.

- I’ve been looking into this after getting Rikki’s data crunch (and damn can that guy crunch). Sources, including some that are from obviously prejudicial agencies, has shown the reversion process appears to become a latent expression that could cause the next generation to express as giants once more. Some investigators are keen on discovering this reversion trigger,

in hopes of (in their terms)“restoring the proper human to metahuman balance.”

**>** Riot

- This is very scary stuff. If someone finds this and learns how to use it, all metahumanity could be at risk.

**>** G-Nome

The first giants were discovered in the Scandinavian Union. More metavariants were discovered in mountainous regions such as the Alps, Himalayas, Cascades of the Rocky Mountain range as well in the Andes stretching from Ecuador to northern Chile and on to Patagonia in the far south. Communities of giants began to take shape in the 2050s in locations such as the Black Forest Troll Republic and the Sangay and Llanganates regions of Ecuador.

Many giants moved to the Black Forest Troll Republic in the ’70s, hoping to find a haven there, but like trolls in many other parts of the world, they have discovered that there are not enough accommodations for people of their size. Many of them have since moved on, still looking for a place to settle that truly suits them.
