---
id: 6WC-0396
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Infection and Magic
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Infection and Magic

Characters who get infected with HMHVV Strain II or III have their Essence set to 5 and gain a Magic rating of 1 if they did not already have a Magic rating. If the character already had a Magic rating, they instead reduce their Magic rating by 1. The characters may increase their Magic by spending Karma, as usual, to a maximum of 5 + their initiate grade.

For characters with HMHVV Strain I, their Essence and Magic will fluctuate over time due to their Essence Loss weakness and Essence Drain power. As a character’s Essence changes, so too will Magic. The maximum Magic for these characters is their current Essence + initiate grade. If their maximum Magic rating becomes lower than their current Magic rating, reduce the Magic rating to meet the new, lower maximum. The points removed in this way are not permanently lost, they are only currently not available.

There are two methods to regain these lost Magic points. If the maximum Magic rating is increased, the character may spend Karma as usual to increase their Magic. Otherwise, they can use the Drain Essence power to drain Essence from a victim in excess of the character’s usual maximum Essence. For each point of Essence drained above that maximum, they can regain one lost point of Magic. This second option is clearly a favored way to regain Magic. But be careful, an Essence Drain Addiction test has to be made for each use of the Essence Drain power.

If any Infected creature were to lose Essence to any other mechanism besides their Essence Loss weakness or another creature’s Essence Drain power, that lost point of Essence would be subtracted from their maximum Essence. Cyberware is a prime example.
