---
id: 6WC-0760
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Deckmeister
page: 168
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Deckmeister

- **Typical Connection Rating:** 5

- **Type:** Matrix (also Corporate, Criminal, Government, Media)

- **Similar Contacts:** Host Admin, IT worker, Matrix Gamer, Shadow BBS Sysop, Technician

The Deckmeister is the guy who has the gear, as long as the gear you’re looking for is a cyberdeck, deck module, or a program. This contact keeps tabs on all the new Matrix research coming out of Chiba and has the connections to get you the hottest tech. These same connections are also good for finding RCCs, cyberjacks and other high-tech gear, but the Deckmeister doesn’t have the same passion for non-Matrix tech. Trade-ins of older equipment are welcome, and the constant upgrades to the latest nova-hot gear creates a good stock of slightly below SOTA equipment that the Deckmeister needs to move. This contact also operates as a fence buying and selling all sorts of paydata. They stay on top of all the news and rumors about computer research, Matrix tech, local deckers, and Matrix gangs. At a lower Connection rating, this contact archetype becomes a Matrix Gamer, Technician, or an IT worker. A higher Connection rating could be an admin or even a sysop of a large host, maybe even from a famous shadowsite like the Nexus or Jackpoint.

**==> picture [210 x 60] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
deckmeister<br>B A R S W L I C ESS<br>2 2 2 2 3 5 5 3 6<br>Active Skills: Cracking 5, Electronics 5, Engineering 4, Firearms 3, Influ-<br>ence 3, Perception 3<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Knowledge Skills:** Matrix Equipment Manufactures, Matrix Rumor Mill, Matrix Theory
