---
id: 6WC-0304
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Being Counted and Still Ignored
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Being Counted and Still Ignored

We might well ask how many metavariant individuals there are in the world, and the immediate answer would be, “We don’t know.” Not only do the powers of the world seldom take up an intensive census effort, but they often hide the numbers of certain populations. Both corporations and governments have reasons to hide some of these numbers—sometimes it’s about covering up their poor treatment of them, other times it’s about trying to ignore populations that, if acknowledged, they might be required to serve.

This means that counting the populations of any metavariants is based on a lot of guesswork. Yes, certain populations such as the nocturna have seen their counted numbers rise, often due to a combination of good PR and improved residential prospects. The populations of the merrow societies have only begun to be counted thanks to data from personal encounters, body-recognition software from surveillance cameras, and growing numbers of government representatives in places such as the NAN (on Council Island), the Tírs, Yakut, Kingdom of Hawaii, ANZAC, and Aztechnology.

- The information from Yakut only arrived as part of sharing agreements between certain tribal groups of merrow, the SalishShidhe Council, and Yakutian ambassadors on Council Island.

- **>** Marko

- This information is also tied to power shifts connected to the Sea Dragon’s maneuvering and activities within the Imperial Court of Japan. Many populations remain hidden or are left off the books, often by request of their representatives. But to have a voice in the world, one needs to be counted.

- KAM



A very special mention must go to Renraku. They have undertaken many projects to gain information and undertake census counts in places where they venture. Their work in the Seelie Court has opened the doors for them to reach out to other groups who conduct business there. In Asia, this is headed up by their Shin Chou Kyogo subsidiary, while the Socratic Education Group has spearheaded the task in Europe and North Africa. And of course, Evo, through its open-arms policies toward sapient representation has been helpful in many locations.

- I’m still hearing that Ysil is continuing to push for a slowing down of species and cultural recognition by Evo, which has been generating larger and larger amounts of friction behind the scenes. He may be a big-time naga, but he’s not a majority voice.

- Mr. Bonds
