---
id: 6WC-0323
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Human - (Homo sapiens sapiens) Metavariants
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Human

## (Homo sapiens sapiens) Metavariants

Since the beginning of the Awakening, and the extensive several thousand-year period, humans ( _H. sapiens sapiens_ ), are considered to have been the carrier stock of the entire metahuman and metavariant code sequence. And while the entire human genome was mapped prior to the Awakening, it still wasn’t clear what each gene sequence influenced. We now understand enough to realize that exposure to consistent, ambient levels of

\*Attacks from the seed pods can only happen below the canopy of the tree. The engulf attack is more direct, as the tree uses its surface roots and vines that often grow along it’s trunk to lash out. The maximum distance of these attacks cannot exceed more than one-half, rounded down, the distance of the canopy from the trunk in meters.

mana worked as a trigger for the expressions we see today. Currently, science and research continue to work toward a more complete understanding.

- I still do not understand how geneticists have been unable to fully map all the expression associations since there was a full mapping on the human DNA to begin with. What gives?

- Stone

- This is complicated, but we must remember that observation of the genomic sequences requires incredibly powerful electron and phased energy-array microscopes. Observing aetheric energies requires a living or spiritual being with direct observation capacity. Those microscopes are technological in nature, and there have been no breakthroughs allowing someone to astrally perceive using them. New techniques are no doubt being pursued by researchers around the globe, and maybe even a few in zero-G environments on orbital platforms.



There are also now pursuits involving those with Resonant abilities to assist in identifying these markers. It is also important to remember that most people with magical capacity rarely go into the extended life sciences, which limits the field of researchers who can aid in these pursuits.

**>** Rikki

- These pursuits are what has garnered the attention of otherworldly forces. Your world’s understanding of … science … continues to make them uneasy, no matter how supportive many may seem to be.

- Refugee
