---
id: 6WC-0350
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Sasquatch (Pesvastus Pilosis)
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sasquatch (Pesvastus Pilosis)

Sasquatches possess many secrets, including where and how they were hiding before the Sixth World. While sasquatch is the common name for the species, they have geographic variations, such as the yeti of the Himalayas, the skunk ape of the CAS, and the yowie of Australia’s Kakadu territories and Papua New Guinea. Normally standing a full three meters in height, with a body covered in vast, rich hair in colors usually adapted from their indigenous territories, running a gamut from dark browns and black to tan and blondes all the way to thick russet red and the ivory whites of the Himalayas.

Sasquatch communicate using sign language due to vocal limitations, though they have some ability to emit high-pitched sounds, often imitating birds if their native regions.

Sasquatch are recognized as sapient beings by most of the megacorporations, with Aztechnology, Ares, Evo, Horizon, Saeder-Krupp and Wuxing giving them corporate citizenship opportunities. Nations such as the NAN, the Tírs, Aztlan, Amazonia, Yakut, and ANZAC offering them full citizenship. The CAS is currently reviewing petitions and processes for recognition, giving hope to populations in the states of Georgia, Tennessee, and North and South Carolina. They normally limit their areas of habitation to natural or ecologically healthy locales.

While most sasquatches are formally uneducated, they can study and adapt. Their communication abilities can be enhanced with virtual sign translation gear, gloves that convert sign language to text or aural words.
