---
id: 6WC-0367
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Goblins > Dwarfs
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Goblins > Dwarfs

Dwarfs infected with Type I lost most of their hair and body fat, becoming emaciated, their skeletons showing through green-tinged skin. Ears often elongate to elven proportions, as well as longer fingers and often toes. In a hunger state, their eyes take on a sick, greenish shine. Unlike vampires, they don’t seek blood so much as flesh, meaning there are fewer “survivors” of their attacks who become Infected themselves. Like ghouls, they can supplement their cannibal needs

WHAT IT IS, WHATwith other sources of raw meat. Mental faculties take a big hit, but in recent years they have expressed greater sapience, ending the UN’s debate about this subject. With a milder vulnerability to sunlight and a weakness to iron, goblins are more likely to haunt abandoned and hazardous locales, particularly given their immunity to fire. They seem to have no preferences when it comes to emotional connections, but fear and agony are a good bet, considering the state of their victim during their chosen method of feeding.

- You’d be hard pressed to find these little goobers in general. Quiet as can be, cunning, and they’ll fit through all kinds of small spaces with those slender bodies. Odds are even if they don’t infect you, some awful shit they’re carrying in their filth lays you up after, anyway.

- StakeNBake

their fanatical victims, and worse, have a habit of gathering into covens of their own.

- There were reports of one of these cults out in the Plastic Jungle of Seattle some years ago. The lingering horror is the survivors of the cult, who had to be rehabilitated after all the magical conditioning the wendigo had used to turn them into feedstock. Rumors persist not all of them were really brought back, and deaths in the area have a tendency to spark new local witchhunts. Wendigo don’t just eat people, they ruin communities for generations to come.

- Traveler Jones

- Please note not all wendigo go so bad. Some fight their compulsions and are victims, themselves.

- Twist

- Horror is generational. Prey one day becomes predator.

- Many-Names
