---
id: 6WC-0348
source: Sixth World Companion
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Pixie (Pr\xE6dicti Fataeni)"
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Pixie (Prædicti Fataeni)

Pixies are generally believed to have fae heritage, which has made proper classification of them difficult. Their odd habit of _vanishing_ upon death has also puzzled scholars. Recently, select anthropologists and parabiologists were permitted to travel to the Seelie Court in a quest to learn more about the massive diversity of metaplanar beings. And while neither vivisections nor dissections were allowed or performed, with various tools and support from the Courts, a workable taxonomy was completed over two years in conjunction with Renraku’s Australian Institute of Magical Research and Genecraft subsidiaries.

As it turns out, the largest population of pixies originates from what is known as the Fae Wild Lands. These populations traverse to our world by way of hidden portals and supernatural bridges that are well-hidden secrets. The Korrigan, a coalition of paranormal entities, spirits, and fey entities, continue to celebrate the creation of the independent nation of Brocéliande Forest within France and have begun exploring other parts of the world to find suitable places to settle. Pixies remain a major force in this group, providing leadership and direction (insofar as this loose gathering allows itself to be led). In addition to the UK, Tír na nÓg, Tír Tairngire, Ukraine, Duchy of Pomoyra, and the Black Forest Troll Republic, pixies now have communities in Yakut, Mongolia, Amazonia, Ecuador, and ANZAC (Papua/New Guinea). In addition to France giving pixies full citizenship opportunities, Yakut, and Amazonia offer such as well. Evo continues to office corporate citizenship, but with the shakedown of NeoNET, pixies that had citizenship are now entering a probationary period. Many have found corporate recognition with SpIn, while a large group has found corporate citizenship within Novatech in newly free city of St. Louis.

- There is currently a group of pixies talking to the Salish-Shidhe Council and Sioux Nation about applying for citizenship. For some reason, the Pueblo Corporate Council has voiced resistance to this process continuing. No one is sure why the PCC is opposing it, but their move is increasing tension within the NAN.

**>** Snopes

One outcome of the research is the discovery of methods for certain cybernetic implants using methods found in beta and delta clinics. This has allowed pixies to permeate more parts of the world. Amazingly, these techniques do not push the individual to the brink of actual death, but they still approach the threshold. What remains unclear is what happens to a pixie’s body when they die. No one at the Seelie Courts or the Korrigan Circles have the answer.
