---
id: ADV-0007
source: Adversary
chapter: ENHANCED FICTION
topic: "Jimmy Kincaid\u2019s \u201CTurbobunny Special\u201D Ford Americar"
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jimmy Kincaid’s “Turbobunny Special” Ford Americar

Dealing with the trauma of magic loss by falling headlong into better-than-life addiction, a younger, dumber, Jimmy Kincaid got all tangled up in the addictions of his fellow elf, Turbo Bunny. While they mutually agreed that the relationship was grounded in harmful behavior and backed away from one another, there is one lasting legacy of their time together: a monstrous Frankenstein Americar overhaul.

This heavily customized Ford started as a Lone Star pursuit Americar, and it has the brawn, armor, and push bar to show for it. A handful of Bunny’s tricks kept the handling from suffering despite the monstrous increase in raw power, which is where the meat of the monster is focused. Their project piece largely entailed cramming as much muscle as possible into the semi-compact sedan, and to do so they heavily scavenged parts from more powerful cars found throughout Black’s Junkyard, including every horse hidden in the engine block of a Mitsubishi Nightsky.

With advances in technology in the many years since the two giggling BTL-heads set to work, Kincaid’s customized Ford might not be the unstoppable street monster it once was, but its straight-line speed still impresses many a skell who might otherwise escape. Stats similar to these could be used for any supercharged muscle car, Lone Star or Knight Errant pursuit/chase special, or similar snarling beast on four wheels.

| Jimmy<br>**HAND** | Kincaid’s<br>**ACCEL** | “Turbobunny Special” Ford Americar<br>**SPD INT**<br>**TOP SPD**<br>**BOD**<br>**ARM**<br>**PILOT** | “Turbobunny Special” Ford Americar<br>**SPD INT**<br>**TOP SPD**<br>**BOD**<br>**ARM**<br>**PILOT** | **SENS** | **SEAT** | **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| ----------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | --------- | -------- |
| 4/5               | 26                     | 30<br>260<br>12                                                                                     | 10<br>2                                                                                             | 2        | 4        | 4         | 40,000¥  |

© 2020 The Topps Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Shadowrun and Matrix are registered trademarks and/or trademarks of The Topps Company, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries. No part of this work may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the Copyright Owner, nor be otherwise circulated in any form other than that in which it is published. Catalyst Game Labs and the Catalyst Game Labs logo are trademarks of InMediaRes Productions, LLC.

Corrected Second Printing by Catalyst Game Labs, an imprint of InMediaRes Productions, LLC 7108 S Pheasant Ridge Dr Spokane, WA 99224

FIND US ONLINE: Shadowrun questions: info@shadowruntabletop.com Catalyst Shadowrun website: shadowruntabletop.com Catalyst Game Labs: catalystgamelabs.com Catalyst/Shadowrun orders: store.catalystgamelabs.com

**==> picture [94 x 52] intentionally omitted \<==**
