---
id: ADV-0004
source: Adversary
chapter: ENHANCED FICTION
topic: No!
page: 5
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## _No!_

“Ma’am, it’s okay, they won’t hurt you, and neither will I. You’re safe now. I promise.”

_Kill them! Idiot!_

Another shot, another. Another. Another. Then I remembered bullets—especially gel rounds—cost money and my wingtips were already paid for, and I just started kicking them to sleep, instead.

The ork finally clambered to her feet. She stood there, without my help, backlit by the city behind her, shoulders high despite the beating she’d taken.

The all-important kicking Mary Jo Johnston was a job I left to her. Serving those papers could wait. A little payback was more important than my errand.

_It’s not too late! There’s still time! Kill them!_ Adversary gnashed his teeth in my ear. I listened to the oncoming sirens, instead. We were in Puyallup, but not the Barrens part, and that meant they’d show up eventually. _Your knife! Use your knife!_

“Just take it easy,” I said to her _and_ to him, then I ignored him. I scanned the lot of Humanis wreckage on the astral, saw that they were all, even if just barely, clinging to life. Their auras weren’t dim yet, just their souls.

“I want to go home,” the ork was able to mumble when she was done, which happened before Johnston was dead. I was impressed by her restraint. The orkish woman had taken a beating, but wasn’t out. She had one eye swollen shut, was talking like she had a mouth full of glass instead of shattered teeth, but she lifted her chin.

“Just get me out of here.”
