---
id: AR-0020
source: Age of Rust
chapter: AGE OF RUST
topic: '> How did we get this far into the comments without talking about Satan appearing
  in Iowa?! What is that about?'
page: 11
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> How did we get this far into the comments without talking about Satan appearing in Iowa?! What is that about?** 

   - Pistons 

- Newer group, built from the bones of some older groups. Back when organized labor had power, farm unions built a decent amount of power, so they have some history on their side. I haven’t had direct contact with this group, but like a lot of other people in the area, they see the power void left in town. Unlike everyone else, they don’t want that void filled. It should be interesting to watch—the path of guerrilla anarchist groups is a worthy one, but also filled with potholes. The biggest one being that it is difficult to get sustained, concerted effort from people who are united primarily by their mistrust of authority. When anarchists are on the outside, they (we) often do a great job in 

- It’s an alchera. Lack of audio and sensory output? Sporadic but still kind of regular appearance? That’s what it feels like, and I’ve been getting accounts of an upswing in alchera across the world. Now, why do the people care about it, and what do they think they’re getting out of it? That’s an open question. 

- **>** Jimmy No 

- I have to figure out a way to do a job there. It sounds like the creepy small town of my dreams. I just have to go there, poke around for a month, and find a diner with strong coffee and damn good pie. 

- Kay St. Irregular 

PAGE
