---
id: AR-0003
source: Age of Rust
chapter: AGE OF RUST
topic: TALES FROM THE UCAS
page: 3
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## TALES FROM THE UCAS 

**>** As we all know, there’s a hole where the UCAS used to be. The government, the military, the geography, and the tax base have all been gutted. The next few months—few years—will be about figuring out what they have left, and what they are going to make themselves into. 

The first steps are the obvious ones. Pull back where you can. Prioritize where you need to. Make smaller plans. And get used to the term “acceptable losses.” 

One of the first 

changes they made was 

moving NORAD. It had been situated in Omaha, where it served to both watch over the heart of the continent and keep an eye on the Sioux Nation about five hundred kilometers away. The Sioux Nation is now stronger and closer, and the UCAS knows it wouldn’t be able to stop raids skirmishing across the border. So that meant it was time to move some of their valuable possessions east. 

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in western Ohio is the new home of NORAD. Offutt AFB has been shut down. 

The problem is, Omaha didn’t have a lot going for it besides NORAD. It experienced a talent drain throughout the century, as Denver, Minneapolis, St. Louis, and Kansas City pulled businesses and people to them, and some skipped right over these closer-by metroplexes and went right to the big sprawls—Seattle, Chicago, New York, and so on. 

Major businesses might have left, but the region around Omaha still has what drew people to it in the first place: arable land. Just not as much as it used to. Corporate farmers have not been the best stewards of the land, and they exhausted a good portion of it, but the area can still produce food for those who know how to work it. The uncertainty of the political situation in the area has caused some corporate farms to pull out, leading to a phenomenon that has not been seen in the area for more than a century: an increase in small farmers. 

But at this point you’re surely thinking, “Bull, you didn’t drag us into this file to talk about agriculture, did you?” No, I did not. What I want to talk about is an area that’s being somewhat abandoned but still has some money floating around. It’s decaying but not disintegrated, an area where people try to patch together what they can to make it work. We’ve had a Stone Age and and Iron Age; Omaha is sinking fully into the Age of Rust. The document I’m about to share has some interesting work potential in those parts. By request of the author, I’ve scrubbed his identity,
