---
id: AR-0032
source: Age of Rust
chapter: AGE OF RUST
topic: Game Information - Scavenging NORAD
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Information 

## Scavenging NORAD 

The military may not have cleared every item out of their base, but they at least paid attention to the most valuable stuff—prototypes and high-tech items were not just left lying around. That doesn’t mean there’s nothing of value, though. A few overlooked weapons— maybe some HK-227s, or a couple AK-97s— might be found, along with an armor vest or two. Ammo rounds might be scavenged as well. There also could be some military-issue camouflage, in case the runners are desperate for cheap military disguises. 

One of the better treasures is a non-functional but largely intact Ares Roadster in one of the hangars near the airstrip. If PCs can get it to an Engineering facility, they can attempt to fix it with an Engineering + Logic (11, 2 hours) extended test. 

If the runners are open to something besides material gain, though, a scavenging run might be the first step on a new job. In some overlooked corner or in a drawer or something, they find a 

TALES FROM THE UCAS 

PAGE 14 

small piece of thick cardstock with a picture of Joslyn Castle on it. There is no visible writing, but there is a line of typewritten text in blacklight ink. It says, “Third Sunday, midnight.” 

That indicates when the next gathering of Infected is going to happen at Joslyn Castle. If the runners decide to investigate, they notice that some attendees arrive in Buzzard Transit automated vans, and some depart in them as well. On both ends, the rooftop drones accompany them, carrying some packages into and out of the house. 

That presents a lot of questions for the runners to investigate. Who is calling the Infected to Joslyn Castle? What’s in the packages? Is Buzzard involved in organlegging? And why was an invite to this gathering at NORAD?
