---
id: AW-0183
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: '02-A/1 Disian Physiology: Update'
page: 66
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 02-A/1 Disian Physiology: Update

(Uploaded \<<<REDACTED>>>)

Okay, so the crypto techs decoded some files belonging to Aztechnology’s Special Projects Division. Apparently, they got a recording of a Disian without their knowledge, which sheds some light on true Disian physiology and at least tentatively confirms one of our theories and gives us a look at what they’re up to.

The file is a video clip showing an incident at a biotech facility run by Shiawase. An Aztechnology blood mage and their bodyguards—one of whom is the video’s source—were “guests” at the behest of their mutual “friends” the Disians, who were also present. I’ll attach the clip here. But for context, here’s my breakdown.

At only 01:37 seconds, it’s short and sweet. From 00:11 to 00:30 we see the lab, very bleeding-edge tech. There are several occupied stasis tubes, all over the place. No audio, but it looks like a Shiawase tech, shadowed by a Disian, is giving the tour. At 00:51, we get an explosion from an unknown source off camera … much destruction … can’t say I’m sad. At 01:02 is where things get interesting. The blast ripped a _lot_ of equipment apart and Shiawase tech-san is now soyburger splattered all over the place. Our Azzie chummers are also dead, but the one bodyguard’s optics kept recording. Our Disian friend is still in frame, just standing there looking annoyed as they wipe bits of Tech-san off themselves … while their own guts are falling to the floor. At 01:11,

what looks like a ball of energy collects in the Disian’s open chest cavity and flies away, the body then crumples.

Based on this footage, it appears to confirm that the Disians are not flesh-and-blood beings but rather energy beings who inhabit meat bodies. The testimony of a recovered chimera named Sergeant W. Toussaint, who I think was one of those III Corps slags who miraculously made it back home, states that he was “gifted” to a Disian and reportedly saw his patron “change his body like a shirt or pair of pants more than once because it was degrading way too fast the longer he stayed away from home.”

Given what (little) we know about Dis, this is a line of research that needs to be fast-tracked ASAP.

- Interesting theory, but a two-minute video and the rambling of a freak are hardly proof.

- Clockwork

- Given their predilection and apparent skill in what we would consider to be genetic engineering, that theory seems more than plausible. But yeah, this needs to be confirmed.

- Beaker

- Having gotten my hands on some chimera parts, I can say that “skill” is a gross understatement. On a purely scientific level, those things are works of art. A horrible, nightmarish kind of art, but still art.

- Butch

- Wait until you read farther down, if you haven’t already.

- Beaker

- Bloody hell. So, does this mean that Disians are like the bugs—or worse, the shedim? Do we have to worry about possession with these twats now?

- Chainmaker

- What about how that fragging thing took a blast of that force and was still standing? What do you do if you’re unlucky enough to meet one?

- X-Prime

- Start with the big guns.

- Cayman

- So, when are we going to talk about, oh, the fact that multiple megacorps are apparently working together with these fraggers?!

- Stone

- Keep reading or skip ahead then. Either way, you’re probably not going to like it.

- Glitch

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: ASTRAL WAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
