---
id: AW-0313
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Great Storm
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Great Storm

One of the islands consists of a round, massive, nearly black storm cloud that eternally rages. There is no ground on this island, and it slowly drifts through the metaplane—sometimes passing over or through and ravaging other islands. Thrill-seeking air spirits dive in and out of the storm, treating it as a high-adrenaline attraction, and until the arrival of metahuman travelers, it was largely ignored by everyone else. Now the occasional airship braves the storm, hoping to harvest shards of True Air that are common within the eye of the storm. It’s dangerous work, but the Great Storm is not as dangerous and powerful as its counterparts in the elemental Plane of Air, and so it is widely considered to be one of the safest places to mine True Air. Just be sure to wear a nonconductive raincoat!

by spirits, others move through levitation magic, but the fastest use a powered propeller system of some kind. Most larger airships are very similar in design to wooden sailing vessels, and use sails for propulsion and steering. Air spirits are often employed to assist using their movement power, which is particularly effective when combined with the sails.

Somewhat less common are the sleek attack ships preferred by airship pirates, privateers, escort ships, and Dis seekers. These armed and armored ships are usually designed to be narrow and aerodynamic, and they require only a small crew to operate. Almost all attack ships use motorized propeller system for propulsion, with a few notable exceptions that rely on sails with True Air woven into the fabric.
