---
id: AW-0259
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Coliseum
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Coliseum

The minotoads are tribal in nature, spread across the mountain plateaus ringing the valley. At the far north end of the valley is more modern construction—or at least, modern compared to what the minotoads can build. Stone from the mountain has been cut and brought to the valley, creating the immense Coliseum. A ring of structures surrounds it, supporting the inner workings. Colorful shade sails block the dreary background.

As many of the spirits discover, there is a way out of this metaplane—you have to win in gladiatorial combat. The problem is that freedom has to be negotiated with Domitian. Domitian is not a minotoad. He has a humanoid appearance and has taken the Roman theme to the next level with a grand arena to view fantastic fights instead of the slogging battles outside. Spirits with nowhere else to go can find a place to eat, sleep, and watch the entertainment, provided they work hard for Domitian. Spirits who fail become part of next week’s combat.

You may ask how this all works. Domitian has extraordinary powers, one of which is the creation of a gateway to many metaplanes. He also has created various wards around the Coliseum to protect it from the occasional bombardment or horde. There is also an apparent mutual understanding between the elder minotoads and Domitian.

- Below the Coliseum are holding cells for spirits captured by minotoads, criminals sent by adjacent metaplanes, etc. Each has two prices: the cost to fight and the cost to be free. Either way, it’s all about the number of bouts to win.

- Lyran

- Ships from the Astral Sea apparently can find a port on the other side of the mountains. Not sure how they entered the Coliseum, but I’ve seen the fae as guests to Domitian. They were all sitting in one of the larger booths, feasting on beasts and drinking elvish wines.

- Torch


and have almost doubled in size. Upon hatching, the lesser minotoads go through a process of unfolding themselves as their bones harden to their final shape. This process takes perhaps five minutes, though can take as long as half an hour. During this time, their skin also takes on its final color, and from what I have seen, this can be anything from neon yellows and greens to shades of blue and red so dark they appear black. Color does not seem to have any relevance to the minotoads beyond helping identify the individual. Their eyes are universally a sort of yellow/green color with horizontal slit pupils.
