---
id: AW-0266
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: '> Covenant'
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Covenant

- And by sugar, she means sucrose. Fructose and lactose are still fair game, as for some reason minotoads aren’t as badly affected by them.

- Exile

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: ASTRAL WAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



Not everyone has access to a sorcery lab, so visiting the Plane of Battle for the purposes of perfecting a new spell isn’t uncommon. When I’m leading field trips or ordeals, I often run into current and former students working on their combat-based sorcery. That means you may be able to find a metahuman opponent who’s willing to either teach you a trick or two or work with you as a target and behave a little more proactively than your average decaying building or large rock. Some metaplanar explorers, both from our world and others, have been known to arrange trials by combat on the Plane of Battle. These include mages from our world who like to engage in magical duels, something that never really went away in some magical circles but got pushed deep underground due to the imbalance between defensive barriers to protect those outside the circle and the offensive spells used by the duelists within. Now, anyone who wants to watch the duel or anything else happening in the valley can be easily protected by distance and elevation. So even if engaging in blood sports isn’t your thing, you can still watch. Just be wary, as not everyone appears by the entry caves.
