---
id: AW-0233
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Red'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Red

Shit. For the first time, I really wish Sticks was still around. Then again, knowing him, he’d be in on this shit.

All right. So here’s the glance-scan: Ares has found a stable portal to the Hive metaplane using their dimension-tear tech, for lack of a better term. Evidently they’ve been doing it for years, stagingraids into the Hive through “secure” locations to gather intel and perform deep surgical strikes against the bugs where they live. But with old man Knight out of the picture and the old Detroit labs abandoned to the Beta bugs, it seems the new board, or whoever is controlling the project, has decided to adjust the project’s mission statement to resource exploitation. I’ve got a report from one of their lead scientists on the Colony, which we’ll get into.

its ass off to acclimate to its new circumstances. Very few of us remember anything before … this.

- Yeah. Old age, VITAS, war … old timers are few and far between. Human Classic: Extinct.

- Alpha

- Meh. All change is inevitable. Remembering isn’t discarding and nostalgia isn’t loyalty.

- Ma’Fan

- Fuck me. This is so much more than kicking the proverbial wasp nest. This is jumping into a bottomless pit full of wasps for pennies.

  - Save the parables for Many-Names, eh?

  - Miko

- Ethernaut

  - Enough to go around. Refreshing, really.

- The depths of greed, facing its own reflection, consuming one another.

- Many-Names

- And here I thought I knew what late-stage capitalism looked like.

- Chainmaker

- For the record, I had no idea about this, and I’m going to start digging to find out what the fuck is going on.

- Nightfire

- Many-Names

With respect to the folks in the room who can’t appreciate how we got here, I’ve got someone special on the line to explain the bug basics for those who don’t know, as well as a little history lesson for the new kids, or as ol’ Captain Chaos used to call it, “A History Lesson for the Reality Impaired.”
