---
id: AW-0254
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Discovery
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Discovery

The first time I encountered the Plane of Battle was back in ’62. Back then, Ares was still trying to wipe the bugs out, and they had set up several locations for mages to project to various metaplanes in order to try and find the home plane of the bugs in the hopes that we could assault it and end the threat they posed once and for all.

One of these locations was part of a program Ares Mr. Johnsons were offering to mages in the shadows who had encountered a bug queen or mother. The idea was, Ares (through Firewatch) would provide some muscle, and the shadowrunner would lead them to the queen/mother. Runners were welcome, if not outright encouraged, to bring chummers with them, but the idea was for Firewatch mages to be the real combat power for the astral quests involved. It was dangerous, more so than normal metaplanar exploration jobs, but the pay was actually pretty decent, so it attracted a fair number of initiate runners.

I found myself to this job through pigheadedness. Back then, Wolf was much angrier than he typically is nowadays (since most Awakened who are accepted by Wolf are indoctrinated in UMT, he appears to them differently than he did to myself and others before the second Crash).

- He’s not wrong. I’ve spoken to some of the younger followers of Wolf, and they don’t mention anything about the rages older adherents like us had to deal with.

- Lyran

- We still have no idea why Wolf came to me in much the same manner as my dad, or why I’ve had to deal with the anger issues the same as he did. I don’t mind—in fact, I quite like it—but I know junior high would have been easier, and less bloody, if Wolf had come to me as he does others.

- Torch

- I don’t know, sis, I think junior high was always going to be bloody. It’s how we’re wired. We are our parents’ daughters, after all.

- Paladin

Two of my packmates had just been hospitalized after a run-in with an ant hive, and I was _pissed_ , so when an Ares Mr. Johnson approached me and offered me a huge pile of nuyen, with some bleeding-edge bennies on the side, to lead an astral quest to the home metaplane of the queen, I jumped at the chance! I enlisted a couple of chummers, and we three allowed Ares to take us to some black site somewhere in eastern North America. I think we were in the UCAS, but I’m honestly not sure, and at the time I didn’t care. I just wanted to avenge my chummers.

We were joined by five Firewatch mages, some of whom are still alive even after all the bulldrek that’s happened with them, and we settled down inside an insanely warded bunker within the facility and were hooked up to medical monitoring devices to allow their scientists to monitor our vitals and provide drugs should they be needed. We did our due diligence and made sure there weren’t any nasty surprises hidden in the machinery, then we strapped in and prepared ourselves.

Dealing with the Dweller on the Threshold was very interesting, as while my chummers and I knew each other quite well, the five Firewatch mages were strangers to us. Some things were revealed that we all would rather have kept hidden, both by us and by the Firewatch fraggers. I can honestly say that the experience helped bond us as a pack, but at the time it felt weird. I mean, who airs their dirty laundry and deepest secrets to people they’ve only just met? We could have brought the whole Seattle pack, but this was more of a personal quest. Rather than losing more of the pack, Firewatch would fit the butcher’s bill.

When we arrived at the metaplane we were after, we found a hellscape. There’s no other way to describe it. The sky was blood red, filled with angry dark clouds that would make most storms in Seattle look like spring showers. Everywhere we looked, we saw reddish-brown dirt that looked as if it had been torn up by thousands of feet passing over it again and again, in a huge valley that once was a floodplain of a river easily the size of the Mississippi. The mountains surrounding the valley were lousy with volcanoes that belched thick black smoke into the sky and randomly released lava bombs into the valley.

To say we were shocked would be an understatement. None of us had ever seen anywhere so inhospitable to life, the lava bombs raining down and the thick cloying air making it one of the most wretched places I’ve ever visited. But what really shocked us was that there was in fact lots of life. The valley was teeming with creatures, all fighting one another in seemingly random combinations. Alliances would form in the heat of battle, only to be broken moments later as the individuals or groups turned on each other. Honestly, part of my soul sang at the sight down in the valley, as it looked like that most brutal Darwinian process of all: full-on lethal combat.

The eight of us traded looks, then dived right into the maelstrom in front of us. We initially started with the obvious bugs, of which there were several—both in number and in type—but soon, the other creatures began to turn on us. By thispoint, most of the creatures had died from the allout grand melee before us, and it didn’t take long before we were the last ones standing.

Once the valley was cleared, we took stock of the situation and tried to formulate a plan for how to find the queen spirit we were after. Some of the bugs in the valley we’d seen die, and killed ourselves, were ants, so one of the Firewatch mages began trying to track them back to where they’d come from. It took a long time, but eventually she was able to determine which direction the ants that had been slain originated from. Lacking anything else in the way of clues, we followed the tracks.

It seemed like we followed the tracks for days, but we weren’t able to tell as the dark clouds never cleared enough for us to see a sun or moon. To this day, it’s still unclear whether the Plane of Battle has any celestial bodies at all. Thanks to the clouds and the thick sulfurous smoke coming from the volcanoes, the air is always thick and hard to breathe, but it never gets dark. The clouds opened a couple of times while we were tracking, which made things difficult, as the thick globs of red-tinged rain washed away a lot of the signs we were following. But eventually, we reached what was clearly a hive.

And what a hive it was. Picture an anthill hundreds of meters high and nearly a kilometer across, made of that ferrocrete-like substance ant workers are known to secrete as a building material. Only this time, it was dark reddish-purple, like deoxygenated blood from a metahuman’s veins. Rich, vibrant red liquid flowed from dozens of holes, making it look like the hive had dozens of waterfalls of arterial blood flowing down its side. Hundreds of ant spirits were crawling over the outside, going to and fro in patterns that only made sense to them as they sealed up the holes the waterfalls were flowing through. In all of my years battling things that go bump in the night, across dozens of metaplanes, I don’t think I’ve seen anything quite as disturbing on a purely visceral level.

But what was worse was something that I’m not ashamed to say almost caused me to turn and run. It was thousands of ant spirits that poured out of the hive as we approached. I think if it hadn’t been for the need to show those Firewatch mages just how tough and steadfast runner combat mages can be, I probably would have bolted away from there as fast as I could go. In the end, the eight of us just looked at each other as we readied our weapon foci and cast our armor spells, shrugged, and prepared for the bugs to reach us.

Something all the young street mages out there need to understand at this juncture is that all of us were veterans in our own way. Back in ’62, initiation was still rare as frag. You didn’t have high school seniors and college freshmen initiating for the first time—if you even knew that initiation was a thing, you were a cut above the average wage mage or street witch. Even Karl Kombatmage

hadn’t initiated yet in 2062. It was just that rare. So, to say a group of eight initiates, combat mages/ shamans all, was an elite force back then is perhaps an understatement. And it showed as we dove into the tide of ants coming toward us. Everywhere I looked, there were ants coming at me—their grotesque forms a bastardized mix of ant and many other things, including something that looked vaguely frog-like—as I faced them with mana and steel. All around me, I felt the mana flares of manablasts, manabolts, fireballs, and many other spells, along with the ring of steel on chitinous exoskeletons as we cut the ants down. The cacophony of combat formed the soundtrack to a deadly dance as the eight of us took out our rage on our foes.

- Every time dad tells this story, I get goosebumps, doubly so since I’ve been there and experienced it for myself.

- **>** Torch

The ants just kept coming, but we stood firm. Yes, our wounds were piling up, as the tens or even hundreds of bugs in front of us were slowly grinding us down. It didn’t matter, though; we had gone into a mental state where we _were_ battle. As we waded through the tide, we began to sing. It started slowly at first, the odd word coming out as a grunt as we feinted and parried, but slowly it built until our eight voices were drowning out the sounds of battle and filling the valley with song. The song also became a cadence, our movements synchronizing into a dance so beautiful as to rival the finest ballets.

After what felt like hours, or maybe even days, we eventually felled the last of the bugs. When the battle began, I’d expected to die in that valley. From the looks on the faces of my fellow questors, I believe we all shared the same opinion. But we’d prevailed! As we took a knee and began to patch each other up as best we could, we were surrounded by hundreds of dead ants. It wouldn’t surprise me if there were over a thousand, but we didn’t stop to count them as we healed and rested up after what was perhaps the most epic fight any of us had ever taken part in. We steadfastly ignored the song, partly from disbelief that it had happened, and partly from embarrassment.

- Embarrassment? What song was it?

- Slamm-0!

- “The Song that Doesn’t End.”

- Canis

- After Canis told me the story, I searched for it on the Matrix. Aetherpedia has a brief entry for it; it’s a children’s song from before the first Crash.

- Bull



- It’s insidious and gets stuck in your head! Save yourselves and don’t even bother searching for it. I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve hit Canis for humming it and getting the tune lodged in my head for hours.

**>** Vixen

After resting up, we advanced into the hive. We’d taken out the vast majority of the soldier bugs, so the bulk of the ants we faced were workers with a few weak soldiers and mid-range scouts thrown in for good measure. Considering what we’d waded through, it felt almost anticlimactic to deal with the inhabitants so easily. When we finally stumbled upon the queen’s chamber, we came across the last dregs of her hive’s power—a half-dozen flesh forms, all seemingly hybrids of ants and minotaurs, but with large tusks. They were powerful spirits, the same Force as the queen herself, and no doubt her most elite guards. But again, compared to the battle on the plain of the valley, it felt … easy. Gone were the dozens-to-one ratios—now we were one-on-one with the royal guard, and two-on-one with the queen (in our favor, no less!). I’m not going to say it was actually easy, anyone who’s fought bug queens and their best soldiers knows that’s never an adjective one can apply to such a situation. But it _felt_ like it.

Our quest finally complete, we returned to our bodies. We’d been comatose in that bunker for what

felt like eight days, and we were all mentally exhausted, but we were also ecstatic! Our Mr. Johnson gave us all a sweet bonus, as we were the first group to succeed in that facility (yeah, something that would have been handy to know going in). Wolf was also delighted, and the howl I released upon returning to my body shook walls. It was a glorious feeling!

- Canis, I’m curious—what happened to the queen?

- Red

- I’m honestly not sure. We know it isn’t the native plane of the bugs, but as my razors sliced through her neck the final time, the sense I got was very much like when a free spirit is destroyed.

**>** Canis
