---
id: AW-0323
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Black Iron Sky
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Black Iron Sky

A massive black-iron dreadnaught that remains aloft through a combination of giant propellers and levitation magic. It’s not just large—it’s the size of a small city. Rumors claim that its hull is filled with all sorts of monstrous beings from distant metaplanes. Others say it’s an Astral Sea pirate, looking to press spirits into its crew or sell them off to the Metaplane of Battle.

- I saw a crew once running around that dreadnaught. They had crystal formations like the stuff of earth elementals, but they weren’t elementals.

- Carlisle

- With all the pirates and corporate privateers fighting all over the place, no one really knows what it’s doing, besides being intimidating in the backdrop.

- Lyran

- I’ve heard from Captain Akrose that the captain of the Black Iron Sky is Faustean, though I’m not sure what he meant by that. He didn’t want to discuss it further when I prodded.

- Ethernaut

After it was spotted, a few nearby islands thinned over the course of a week. Then the island’s cloud foundation dissipated completely, leaving the lifeless matter it once held to fall onto any islands below—or descend further into the oceans of the Plane of Water.

- Given the strip-mining and pollution, it wouldn’t surprise me that islands would start falling out of the sky. Might just be a coincidence.

- Goatfoot.

- No one has seen it recently, and the Black Iron Sky is not something you can hide around here. Sounds like it has headed out to the Astral Sea.

- Lyran
