---
id: AW-0061
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Travel
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Travel

There are no obstacles in traveling this metaplane. Three-dimensional movement is natural to the air elementals. They do not have the need for vehicular travel. Instead, they have created the slip streams of fast-moving air that the elementals can use to fly quickly to their destination. The slip streams circulate between the poles and around major habitations such as Octahedron. Slip streams are the fastest means of travel, fluid and

flexible. They can occasionally twist and break off pieces, and they may be interrupted by a random vortex, detouring the travelers to some new destination—or worse, the Doldrums. The djinn (from a different metaplane) have understood the plight of metahumans and kindred spirits who struggle traveling around and through their ambassadors in Korikyu. They offer the use of their carpets and woven cloud palanquins as a means of vehicular transportation. These vehicles don’t require slip streams to move at a good pace, though a guide is prudent if traveling “off road.”

- Seriously? Magic carpets?

- Carlisle

- Water metaplanar bathyspheres can do the job, but they are just bubbles and are much slower transportation unless you use the slip streams. Most of the fire metaplanar vehicles are banned due to pollution or the chance of setting fire to everything, and air spirits will have a conniption fit if they get stuck behind some floating rock.

- Lyran

- Many of our myths carry original truth.

- Many-Names

- And the djinn, do they offer three wishes?

- Slamm-0!



- Ah my dear boy, that is a longer story to tell. Maybe as a supplement to Aetherology.

work to make Sigh-on-Wind get the queen to sanction it … eventually.

- Magister
