---
id: AW-0250
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Encounter Suits
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Encounter Suits

The priority of manned expeditions necessitates equipment to counter the deleterious effects of the Hive. First and foremost among these are Ares Encounter Suits. Environmentally stabilized, they utilize a combination of exotic reagents and exceptionally concentrated engineered terrestrial flora and fauna to generate a localized manasphere compatible with the wearer, capable of staving off the effects of passive evanescence and the Whispers. Additional life-support gear ensures shielding from hostile environmental effects, including known radiological and biological effects, as well as combat kinetic and chemical shielding for inevitable encounters with hostiles. The design of the suit’s internal manasphere ensures it leaves no telltale trail in the astral for the insects to follow, leaving our agents free to perform their tasks with reduced risk of compromising HQ. A lighter design has also been devised for field testing, incorporating only the respirator and manasphere fluid vest, but this lacks any protective measures against chemical, radiological, or physical risk and is not recommended at this time.

- Someone made a pretty penny stealing the design for this if other corps are making runs into the Hive.

- Rigger X

- Someone still might. There’s bound to be a few more markets for this!

- Whippit
