---
id: AW-0174
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Ringmaster'
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Ringmaster

Even before the events in Yellowstone, we were aware of the existence of Metaplane #844, known as Dis, and its inhabitants. Our first indications of their existence came from reports about technological devices that supposedly could affect and disrupt local manaspheres. These or similar devices had been employed at multiple locations, the most notable being at Ford’s Theater in DeeCee and as key components for Ares Macrotechnology’s Operations Bottleneck and Latvian Gambit.

As Latvian Gambit kicked off in Detroit, another flashpoint event occurred when the UCAS Army’s III Corps and the town of Dutchville, Pennsylvania, disappeared without a trace, except for a massive mana warp. A black site known as Site 000 has since been erected to secure the area.

Weeks after the Dutchville incident, threat reports surfaced about possible extraplanar beings on our metaplane. It was later discovered that these beings originated from our metaplane. Some of them were determined to be missing soldiers from III Corps or citizens of Dutchville. All of them had been extensively modified on a genetic level and converted into living weapons we’ve designated as “chimera.”

- I thought Chimera was some crime syndicate or something.

- X-Prime

- I’m sure they’ll sue for copyright.

  - Cayman

- I think that may have been his plan (maybe not all along) to fly below the radar until he found a way out. I think he eventually saw the data on the wall and decided that it was finally time to get out of Aztlan.

- Pyramid Watcher

- Last I saw, there’s an eight million nuyen bounty on his head.

- Marcos

- Actually, it’s ten million. And for anyone keeping score on that game, it’s now bounty hunters: 0, McClure’s protectors: 8. And that’s just what I personally know of.

- Balladeer

- All well and fascinating, but I’m now more interested in this Project Nemesis.

- Chimera are of special interest in military/mercenary circles; a lot of us had friends or (extended) family within III Corps, and we want answers.

- Picador

Some chimera retained their memories and related stories of torture and the “reconstruction” process. They’ve testified that the Disians take species from other metaplanes for use against other metaplanes. Apparently, we’re not the first they’ve done this to. Before the recovery of these chimera, we hadn’t made the connection between the two. We also obtained data suggesting that the Disians have been visiting our metaplane and kidnapping people since before the Awakening.

- Elijah

- Because you want in on it.

- Frosty

- Okay, I’m far from a magical expert, but isn’t that like, impossible?

- Hard Exit



- It should be, but so should a lot of other stuff. And yet here we are. Check out the Slip Streams file if you want some background on Yellowstone et al.

- Frosty

  - Too many.

  - Electric Blue

  - You seem to know a lot. Care to share?

  - Icarus

- That’s the thing with magic or the world in general. Just when you think you know the rules, you get an exception. I’m a walking example of that.

  - Care to answer???

  - Icarus

- Red
