---
id: AW-0252
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Alternative Roads
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Alternative Roads

- Don’t be fooled into thinking that Ares is the only one taking advantage of this Conjunction event. Fixers and runners have reported being courted by representatives of Wuxing, Mitsuhama, the Draco Foundation, and Aztechnology, though the types of runs they’re offering are all somewhat different.

- Red

- Meaning what?

  - AZT seems more interested in the portal tech than anything in the actual Hive. Retrieval targets are primarily matter that can help them build material links back to far-reaching metaplanes. Mitsuhama is going after research material, pure and simple. Wuxing’s interests are much more about the plane, itself. The Draco Foundation is weird, I can’t get any word from the runners who took the gig. The jobs are usually escort, but sometimes they like specialists who are more disposable than their own pros.

  - Talos

  - Can’t speak for the rest, but Aztechnology Special Projects Division has a bigger plan other than just “portals,” which are only one part of an overall strategy.

  - Rifleman

  - Anything you can tell?

  - Glitch

  - Not yet, but when I know, I’ll get the word out.

  - Rifleman

  - Typical.

  - Ma’Fan

  - So let’s say I wanted to do a little hunting. How do you get there without the Ares portal?

  - Prime Runner

  - It all has to do with this Conjunction. The alignment of metaplanes has effectively established a much shorter distance to travel than normal, meaning that while it holds, it’s an easier job than before. More precisely, it’s possible, but for a limited time.

  - Winterhawk

  - So how do they do it?

  - Sounder

  - Looks like I’m back just in time. The info I just got probably means my time at Ares is finally finished. They don’t want this getting out, but it needs to be. Ares is recruiting disposable talent from the most elite groups they’ve got on file to take advantage of the Conjunction. The new board isn’t as concerned with long-term projects as Knight was, and they’ve decided to grab all they can while the getting is good, then pack up when the event starts to thin out. Abandon the Colony, set it to self-destruct, bring back materials and personnel they deem fit for return. They’re going to leave people there to die. Frankly, I wouldn’t trust them not to do the same to runners.

  - Nightfire

  - Why are you doing this? You’ve been a good corporate boy since … fuck, the ’50s at least.

  - Bull

- Miko



- Because I knew Knight well enough to know he wouldn’t have gone for this. I never thought Ares was the end-all be-all of saving the world, but you have no idea how much good we did back in the day. The ops I was a part of saved more lives than you can imagine. Knight would never have approved this. I wouldn’t have even believed it if I hadn’t seen the files with my own eyes. I don’t dare upload them here—I need to drop off the board. If you’re still hearing from me after this, I’ve moved to freelance like the rest of you. If not, I’m either dead or retired where they won’t find me.

That and … I owe Jack. He did right by me once, whatever anyone else thinks, and I never forgot it. Maybe after this, we’re square.

- Nightfire

- Damn.

- Bull

- This entire venture is more than a fool’s errand. That being said, those who cannot be swayed away from the course may find some limited employment from me. I will not see my former colleagues abandoned by Ares. Those willing can contact me for a list of extraction targets. Delivered safely to Detroit, I will pay handsomely in nuyen, trade, information, and services.

- Ellis

- The other megas are your second option. Considering the resources at their command, it’s possible they can make use of the Conjunction and captured Insect shamans to forge their own way into the Hive. Word is they’ve got basecamps sometimes, but nothing like the support Ares offers. Bigger risk, bigger reward.

- Talos

of a spirit litigator like Gizelle Lattman or Otto Kessler to make sure the fine print is in order. They are very much monkey-paw creatures.

- Praxis

- Why not Ellis, or one of you Mantids?

- Prime Runner

- My dear, we have no wish to open a door to alienate the natives into reprisal. Let them come to us on their own. We are ready for such things.

- Praxis

- I’ve already stated we have no wish to engage with our progenitors. What’s more, I’m appalled at the lack of foresight these conversations involve.

- Ellis

- Meaning what?

- Winterhawk

- A door opened can be traveled both ways.

- Many-Names

- Not quite. The insects lack encounter suit technology or the means to use it to stabilize themselves in this plane. Hosts are still required. But these breaches will mean that the Whispers reach more potential shamans than ever before. Investiture will be easier than ever before. Good merges will be easier. Infiltrators will come en masse. While this Conjunction is in effect, the more holes you tear between here and there, the more will come, and subtler than the Universal Brotherhood could have ever dreamed.

- Ellis

- Outright freebooting needs a free spirit, specifically a rogue from the insects. Every once in a while when a queen goes down, one of the members of their brood has their own Awakening and goes free rather than berserk. These are not sympathetic spirits, and they will ask a terrible price of your soul to establish such a path to a place that shuns them. What’s more, given their untrustworthy nature, I would not guarantee that they abide by any return engagements unless carefully worded in any contract engaged with them. I might even suggest retaining the services

- Do the corps know this?

- Netcat

- If they don’t, they’ll learn soon.

- Ellis

- So … maybe I’ll sit this one out.

- Prime Runner



reacted, because moms wouldn’t have been able to deal with the situation quick enough to prevent the loss of one of my classmates.
