---
id: AW-0430
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Blood Drive
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blood Drive

A number of blood mages and blood panthers from Aztechnology have set up an outpost within the wilderness of Miggon. The runners are hired by the Draco Foundation to capture and extract at least one living blood mage or blood panther and are offering an impressively high fee for doing so. The days of being able to get a million nuyen in exchange for a blood mage are in the past, but it seems the Draco Foundation is still willing to pay something for taking them out. The runners are offered a bonus for each confirmed kill of a blood mage or blood panther, but at least one must be captured alive in order to get paid at all—no nuyen is offered if the runners just slaughter everyone at the Aztechnology fortress.

Traveling to the fortress requires a trek across the wilderness of Miggon, though there is always the option of taking the Death Train. Either Aztechnology decided to park their base next to a Death Train stop, or their presence caused the conductors to set one up there.

Once at the fortress, the runners must find a way to capture a blood mage or blood panther. The good news is that they’re easy to identify. The bad news is that they’re all vigilant for signs of danger

within Miggon and will not make for easy prey. A moral dilemma presents itself when the runners realize that Aztechnology is using prisoners for slave labor here and is not treating them well at all. Will they just do the job and get paid, or will the runners attempt to rescue the doomed prisoners? If the runners succeed at freeing prisoners, the Draco Foundation will pay a small bonus for each person who was rescued. This is not offered as part of the job, as the Draco Foundation is unaware of this practice, but must be negotiated for after the fact with no guarantees of a potential reward.

For the blood panthers, you may use the stat block for the Seraphim Avenging Angel adept NPC (p. 208, _SR6_ ), armed with a sword that is a Force 4 weapon focus instead of a telescoping staff.

For the blood mages, use the Sioux Wildcat Shamanic Support NPC (p. 210, _SR6_ ). Replace the Stunball and Stunbolt spells with Powerball and Powerbolt.
