---
id: AW-0191
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Debriefing Log EH-011B Sergeant Wade J. Toussaint, UCAS Army - \<<<Partial
  Transcript Only>>>
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Debriefing Log #EH-011B Sergeant Wade J. Toussaint, UCAS Army

## \<<<Partial Transcript Only>>>

“They knew exactly how to take us out. At first, it seemed like yet another glitch in our gear, which happens all the fragging time. First all our comms went out, followed by all our AR/VR systems. This wasn’t normal—it was like everything shut off on purpose. But we had oldschool radio backups. And I can’t speak for anyone else, but my platoon held their drek together when most panicked. Still didn’t matter. Something started ripping our APC apart and geeked our LT. I ordered everyone out, but we’d gone straight into a nightmare. The ground below us was black as night, the skies blood red, and lighting cracked above. All around us, units were getting torn apart or carried away by … monsters. It reminded me of a feeding frenzy. Some of us gave as good as we got, at least for a while. The heavy armor and weapons crews hosed anything not UCAS. We joined in and laid down some wicked fire. We geeked dozens of them, but we only had so much ammo, so we went hand to hand and took out six more. They had numbers on their side, and it wasn’t long before we were taken. From there, my memory is a bit fragmented and hazy. I remember them cutting into me, removing some of my organs. And skin. But I got off light— some of my squad, those who had ’ware, had it removed … sometimes it was just ripped out. Those who died during the process had their bodies sent for processing, to feed the survivors. But the screams … I still hear them. I still smell it all. Eventually, my body was replaced, including parts of my brain. Even my magic, my adept abilities felt different. Alien. I was given to my patron, who said I was lucky—I was better than the rest because my body was pure. Still not worthy of Dis, but they’d find a way for me to serve. And I did. I was an attack dog, made to kill on command. Once, we were sent to another place, where we killed and captured, just like they did to us. For a while, I couldn’t remember who I was. But that’s the thing about memories—sometimes they hang on. And I wasn’t the only one. A few others—some who’d been there for decades, even beings from other places—started to remember, too. Even though our patron had control, it was slipping. Then one day, my patron remarked to another Dis that while we “made some of the best they’d ever seen, we could be too resilient and too stubborn for our own good.” That reminded me of my sister, of the streets of New York. And something clicked something in my mind, like a flipped switch. I started to plan and quietly found others like me. And from there, we decided we were going to find a way home … and take as many with us as we could.”

This is an umbrella term to describe the various non-Disians who reside within Dis. This includes spirits or the odd extraplanar creature, and these beings have found a way to make themselves useful in a way that doesn’t offend Disian norms. Or at the very least they pose no threat, in which case they’re ignored.
