---
id: AW-0056
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Crystalwell
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crystalwell

The cold wind from Korikyu brings an unusual chill to the air, transforming it into thick frozen clouds dotted with small bright blue pools of liquid nitrogen, hydrogen, and other gases. It is very cold here, so that even other elementals bring thick insulated suits—otherwise, they could condense to death. It has a familiar appearance to the water elemental plane. Chiseled from this frozen cloud are domes, home to the borea. They dot the frozen landscape like goosebumps. In the center is a large circular lake, bordered by carved dry ice. This place, in its entirety, is called the Crystalwell. Theborea are hunters and trackers, taking on big game as feasts for the village. Compared to the other elemental planes, the borea are quite primitive.

The lake is placid, with barely a ripple. From the shore, it mirrors the cosmos above. It is used by the elemental shamans and oracles to divine the future. They dive into the cold stillness and await answers. Other spirits and travelers must ask permission to use the lake, though few are granted access. It’s both a sacred place and a dangerous one without supervision.

- So, a polar bear plunge into a sensory deprivation tank?

- Carlisle

- Inelegant, but yes.

- Winterhawk

- I wonder if it’s like a back channel to greater entities like the Violet Gas, if you don’t want to deal with the Dweller.

- Mika

- Well there’s one way to find out ...

- Lyran
