---
id: AW-0317
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Sky Pirates
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sky Pirates

Most airships within the Place of Clouds are peaceful vessels—pleasure craft used by spirits who are incapable of flight traveling to and from the Spire or the many islands. These offer no incentive for banditry or piracy, as they do not carry any resources worth stealing and are generally unmolested in the Place of Clouds.

The airships that are most vulnerable to attack are the explorers and resource miners. Most of these ships are sponsored by one of the megacorps or magical groups that maintain a presence within the Place of Clouds and are escorted by one or more attack ships to deter pirates. There are no laws in this hyper-metaplane, so piracy is incredibly common.

The goal of a pirate attack is to board and loot a target airship. Cannons are commonly used for warning shots and to disable propulsion systems. Harpoon-launchers are used to affix grappling lines to another vessel to restrict their movement.



If things go well enough for the pirates, they’ll get close enough to drop boarding planks and toss grapple-lines over. Airships that are not designed with piracy in mind typically lack harpoon launchers and boarding ramps, and instead include anti-personnel weapons in addition to their anti-ship cannons.

Among the sky pirates, there are no codes or laws, but there are some traditions. One of the oldest and most adhered-to traditions is that passenger airships are left alone. The vast majority of spirits and other visitors to the Place of Clouds are here to enjoy a stay at one or more of the many cloud island resorts. These ships carry little or no valuable cargo, and so offer very little incentive for pirate attacks. The main reason that passenger ships are left undisturbed is that no one—not even the pirates—is willing to jeopardize the trade brought in by tourists. Many spirits who visit the Place of Clouds visit Pirate Island, as it is renowned for its casinos and other forms of entertainment.

- Sky pirates? This is awesome! I can’t wait to check this place out!

- **>** Thaddeus

- Send me a DM. I might know a Mr. Johnson who’s looking to hire a crew.

- Marty
