---
id: AW-0288
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: '> Canis'
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Canis

As far as the other two vaults go, one held a ritual formula that made Covenant quite happy (I’ll let her explain at some point) and the other was a thread of power—as in a visual representation of the bonds we have with our foci. I didn’t bother paying too much attention to it, as any mage who has gone to the effort to hide the bond with their Force 2 health spellcasting focus doesn’t deserve the potential ramifications of me messing with their bond. I checked that they weren’t tainted, but that’s all.

The scrolls we found, whether true names, spell/ ritual formulae, or some other piece of magical knowledge or lore, seemed to split into two copies when we left a vault with it in our possession. One copy went with us, and the other returned to the scroll case to wait for the next entity to open the vault.

Over subsequent trips, which took months due to the challenge of having the four of us available with sufficient time to go on a metaplanar journey,

VAULTwe opened a lot of vaults. Every single one had a scroll case, and every single scroll looked to be the reward from an astral quest. We even found a couple of rewards for quests I’d been on over the years, including a couple I’d gone on recently and hadn’t involved going to the Citadel. Through trial and error, we were able to work out a rudimentary method of estimating where things were, though even now we still haven’t determined an exact way of finding something specific—it’s more a method of reading the flow of mana within the catacombs to guide you to the general area. Unfortunately, it still gives two or three options for the vault you’re looking for, but that’s better than trusting to luck to find the right vault in the catacombs, which contain a seemingly infinite number of vaults.
