---
id: AW-0196
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: "03-B Disian \u201CMagic\u201D"
page: 70
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 03-B Disian “Magic”

To say we barely understand Disian thaumaturgy is a fragging understatement. But we have determined a few things.

First, Disians are like batteries. They don’t generate their own energy or mana, but instead they borrow or consume mana in order to stay alive. This explains in part their need to harvest mana. It also explains some of the effects the Dis metaplane has on metahumanity. Dis is basically dying because it no longer produces its own life.

Second, they become supercharged on our metaplane. Data indicates they’re targeting the Sixth World specifically because our mana is extremely potent for them. I could explain in detail, but I don’t have the bandwidth to get into the correlation between metaplanar energy signatures and quantum mechanics.

- No, we get it. Our mana is like a yellow sun to them, supercharging them.

- Bull

- Yellow what? We supposed to know what you’re talking about?

- Haze

Third, Disian magic can only affect life energies or mana; it does drek-all against technology. While this has yet to be fully vetted, there’ve been multiple instances where Disian magic was less effective against Sixth World technology. This would explain in part the Dis aversion and contempt for augmentations and their preference for those who’re Awakened or at least have minimal implants.

- Okay, scan this. Last month I was hired by an Evo Johnson to facilitate a run—a typical snatch-and-grab from a black site, no biggie. Except two things. First, this black site was being operated by both Aztechnology and Wuxing. But we touched on

SECTION 03: DISIANthat already, so moving on. Second, on-site security was backed up by some chimera things and a Disian. Third, whole thing was recorded by their M-TOC as they tried to exfiltrate. I won’t give you the play-by-play, but the Dis downed the team’s magicians, adept, and face in short order with a few spells. But the two street sams? It was like they were barely touched, even though one was still at spell ground zero and the other took two more literal spells to the face. Eventually, the Disians called in their chimera, which ended that fight in a very definitive and messy way.

**>** Cosmo

- So much for not doing things themselves.

- **>** Sunshine
