---
id: AW-0517
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Society
page: 181
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Society

**Xenophobic** : The dominant society of the metaplane is extremely hostile to all outsiders. At best, the entities there will refuse to interact with travelers, actively seeking to avoid any contact and becoming combative if the issue is pressed. In the worst-case scenario, the locals will just attack any outsiders on sight.

**Reclusive** : Fear and suspicion are the typical reaction to travelers here. Residents of the metaplane will attempt to avoid all contact, actively hiding from any travelers. The entities here are not actually opposed to outside contact, but it will take some time and patience to establish a relationship with any of the residents.

**Strict** : The residents of this metaplane live regimented lives. The society is controlled by a dogmatic theocracy, a fascistic authoritarian government, or a militarized dictatorship. Strict laws cover every aspect of life here, and outsiders may be welcome as long as they adhere to them—if you can find out what they are. Punishments for lawbreakers are severe.

**Varied** : Different factions or groups are present on the metaplane, and they may have wildly different views on how to deal with outsiders. This could be a xenophobic cult operating within a generally friendly society, opposing political or theocratic factions vying for control of the metaplane, or even separate societies living in areas completely isolated from each other. Roll as many times on this table as you need to represent the number of different groups you want represented.

**Guarded** : The attitude to travelers is one that would be encountered in many Sixth World locations. Most entities encountered here will be neutral at first, sizing the travelers up and trying to judge their intentions. They are willing to interact but will be on the lookout to see if the runners represent either a threat or an opportunity.

**Friendly** : The residents of the metaplane are generally friendly to outsiders, but not to the point of being taken advantage of. Hospitality will generally be offered, and any reasonable request will be considered. The exchange of goods and services will be well received by the residents as long as the terms are fair and reasonable for all involved.

**Open** : The entities of the metaplane are exceptionally welcoming, offering to share everything the metaplane has to offer with any and all visitors. Of course, such idyllic societies may be hiding a dark secret, one that travelers may not discover until they have been there some time—and maybe not until after it’s too late to escape.
