---
id: AW-0306
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Denizens of the Place of Clouds
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Denizens of the Place of Clouds

The Place of Clouds contains denizens from nearly every known metaplane, some of whom have lived there so long that they consider it to be their true home. Air and water spirits are the most common, though spirits of beasts, plants, kin, fire, and earth are also widely represented. Most live in or near the Spire, which is the most prominent city within the Place of Clouds, though nearly all of them make frequent visits to a favorite island.

The cloud islands are inhabited by the spirits, animi, and creatures that thrive within their particular biomes. There are thousands of such islands,

and every one of them is unique. There are many biomes that might seem similar, but every one of them is different. Many forest islands exist, but the types of trees and wildlife are distinct to each island. Quite a few of the largest islands contain settlements that are analogous to resort towns on the physical plane. They are tourist destinations maintained by spirits in service to the travelers who visit there.

You might think that with so many different spirits converging upon one place that there would be nothing but conflict here, but it’s not the spirits who compete. With very few exceptions, the spirits within the Place of Clouds project a laid-back and carefree demeanor. None of them seem to take life very seriously, and they show little interest in discussing anything involving unpleasantness or urgency. They all behave as if they’re enjoying a relaxing vacation—even the ones who live there full-time.

Some of the first metahuman magicians to travel to the Place of Clouds recognized the rich resources there and requested permission to begin harvesting them. The reaction from the local spirits could be paraphrased as “Whatever. Do what you want.” The first few talismongers kept the nature of this place a secret for several years, but it didn’t take long for that secret to reach the ears of some megacorporations and powerful magical groups. With the secret out, expeditions to the Place of Clouds became more frequent. It wasn’t long before deals were made with the local bureaucracy to allow for the construction of portals, permanent outposts, and the issuing of mining rights.
