---
id: AW-0184
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: '02-B Disian Society: What We Know So far - Debriefing Log EH-016A, Sergeant
  Wade J. Toussaint, UCAS Army - \<<<Partial Transcript Only>>>'
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 02-B Disian Society: What We Know So far

## Debriefing Log #EH-016A, Sergeant Wade J. Toussaint, UCAS Army

## \<<<Partial Transcript Only>>>

“I was paraded around with others, escorting my Patron wherever they went. We were nothing but status symbols, a reminder of how much power my Patron had. We were weapons meant for nothing else than to obey, kill, and die if necessary. We had already been bargained for and paid for—our fate was sealed. Or so I believed. And for my Patron, I killed. Not to defend them, but because they could make me do so to prove their power. Patrons didn’t kill themselves. Their power was they could make others do it for them. Theirs is a society based on deception, thievery, and slavery taken to the extreme.”

The short version here is, not fragging much. Most of our data comes primarily from jumbled notes or rushed observations from those few who have actually been to the Dis plane and were able to survive.

What we’ve learned is that the Disians are, despite all the power at their disposal and vast knowledge they possess, a society that’s only a couple of steps ahead of their own extinction. This, combined with a massive superiority complex, makes them a threat to the Sixth World. For Disians, it’s succeed by their own hand, by their ancient ways, or die. There is now no middle ground, if there ever was. So, with that in mind, it’s now them or us.

But I digress.

el to Dis, this is who you’ll most likely deal with. These Disians are more like managers, and chimera and the lesser castes do all the actual work.

Next is the artificer caste, a combination of scientist, engineer, researcher, and artisan rolled into one. They’re the ones who shape, create, and design. They develop new techniques or adapt their current magical techniques and create chimera. They’re responsible for creating the crystals that Disian patrons bestow to their agents/allies on other planes.

The top caste is known as the Council, and they’re responsible for making all decisions, formulating plans, making laws, and determining how best to frag over their victims, and so on. Think combination executive and legislative government branches or board of directors.

There’s also possible fourth caste, which I’m going to call the military caste. Technically a part of the Council, they’re more like an enforcement branch/armed force. This caste comes the closest to doing anything “physical,” acting as leaders/ generals when chimera troops are deployed.

- I wonder how tough those chimeras are, and how effective.

- Stone

- Been wondering that myself, considering these Disians defeated or subdued an entire UCAS corps packing SOTA weaponry and armor. Not exactly a soft target.

- Cayman
