---
id: AW-0506
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: encounter suits
page: 177
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## encounter suits

As the megacorporations started to explore the deeper metaplanes, looking for resources to exploit, it quickly became apparent that manned expeditions would require some type of protection. The early forays into the Hive made by Ares produced the Ares Encounter Suits. These were based on the suits used for space travel, and they provide a sealed stabilized physical environment, shielding the wearer from normal radiological and biological hazards. In addition, the suits incorporate enchantments to counter metaplanar translation, and by using a combination of exotic reagents and exceptionally concentrated terrestrial flora and fauna, the suits generate a localized manasphere sufficient to counter the effects of evanescence on a deep metaplane. Armor plating is also a standard feature, as encounters with hostiles are generally expected. The newest Mark III versions of the Ares suits are based off of the newest Bug-Stomper armor pattern (p. 46, Firing Squad). Encounter suits made by other corporations follow the same basic principles and provide the same protection but are bulky imitations of the Ares design, lacking the proprietary materials and designs of the Mark III. Use the rules for light mil-spec armor (p. 47–48, Firing Squad) as a base for generic encounter suits. Both versions of the encounter suit use a standard milspec helmet with 3 points of capacity used by the manasphere generating systems.

Exploration suits are refined versions of the first-generation encounter suit; they are little more than hazmat suits (p. 280, SR6) with the addition of some basic enchantments to counter metaplanar translation and a localized manasphere generation system sufficient to counter the effects of evanescence.

**==> picture [450 x 52] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE DEFENSIVE RATING CAPACITY AVAILABILITY COST<br>Ares Encounter Suit Mk III 8 6\* (12)I 95,000¥<br>Generic Encounter Suit (light milspec) 8 4\* (10)I 58,000¥<br>Encounter Suit Helmet +2 5\* (10)I 19,000¥<br>Low-Threat Exploration Suit 1 0\* (7)I 25,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

\*Most of the standard capacity is filled with the chemical seal and the manasphere-generating equipment. The remaining points of capacity can be used normally.
