---
id: AW-0350
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Encounter with the Tandorans
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Encounter with the Tandorans

After our fifth day of river travel, we spotted another boat on the river crewed by what looked like dinosaur-people. They spotted us about the same time we noticed them, and they freaked out and fled. I wasn’t going to leave it at that, and so we gave chase. Bandit cast a spell that helped our boat go faster, and we nearly caught up to the party just after they rounded a bend and arrived at a village full of similar creatures. This caused a vigorous commotion. An alarm was raised, so we slowed our approach. We tried to make ourselves appear as inoffensive and harmless as possible as we waited in full view of the crowd as it grew. Many carried weapons—mostly crossbows and spears—but they didn’t aim them directly at us. They seemed to be waiting for something. A few times, one of them called out with a strange cry, but we couldn’t tell what they were trying to say.

My first impression is that they were bipedal saurians—dinosaur people, as I first said—but their build is more humanoid than beast-like. They have two arms, each with fully developed hands with opposable thumbs. Their skin is scaly but smooth. Most of them are green, but other hues such as

blue, orange, and purple are common. Their heads are decorated with colorful cartilaginous crests, and their long beak-like mouths are flexible enough to allow speech. They also wear brightly colored and well-tailored clothing. If you’ve ever met the changeling fixer Simon Andrews, you’d think you just found his extended family.

Eventually, the crowd parted, and a venerable, richly dressed individual approached the end of the dock. She began speaking to us in their strange-sounding language. Just as we were about to attempt to make a response, the figure held up a single clawed finger, as if gesturing for us to wait a moment. Then she spoke again, this time in a language I could understand—Japanese. The figure introduced herself as Hari, matriarch of the city of Arbor, and asked us if we had come from Japan. I figured that coming from the same plane as Japan was close enough for now, and so I told her that we had. Elder Hari turned and made an announcement to her people in their own language, and I thought we were going to be killed then and there. The crowd erupted into a raucous clamor that turned out to be jubilation instead of murderous rage, and we were invited to enter into the town as honored guests—the above-water part of it, at least. Only about a third of the town is located on the shore—the rest of it had been right underneath us beneath the river’s surface.
