---
id: AW-0040
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Elemental Plane of Earth
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elemental Plane of Earth

The elemental plane appears like its material plane namesake, with deserts, canyons, mountains, etc. in lieu of the usual flora and fauna. There are also sporadic geometric shapes and crystalline formations. Instead of a blue sky, there is only the blackness of space. This plane is illuminated by rings of dust and debris, shining brilliantly through piezoelectric stress. The Metaplane of Earth appears negentropic without other elemental forces. It grows or fades at a geological pace.

- How quaint. At least the plagiarism denotes that he reads my work. Travelers who deal with the Dweller may wonder how this landscape differs from their own observations. This is due to the Dweller’s demarcation of places within the metaplane. For further information on this legendary being, please refer to the Citadel.

- Magister

The pace of this metaplane is geologically slow. Spirits move methodically as if they planned each step of the journey. They aren’t hasty in making decisions, as they think about their actions within the greater pattern. The greater pattern being on some cosmological scale that metahumans would have a hard time understanding. Discussions with earth elementals involve long pauses to weigh their words before they speak. Something that metahumans should try sometime.



- This is a common personality trait among earth elementals, but get them angry or face a predatory earth elemental and then feel the wrath and speed of an avalanche.

- Many-Names

Various earth elementals are dabblers in geomancy, for obvious reasons. While the mystic arts are quite similar to the physical realm, they have some advances specific to the elemental plane. Almost all the cities are built with feng shui in mind, though they call it the “greater pattern.” These patterns allow the focus and channeling of energies, with the most mundane being electricity.
