---
id: AW-0413
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Travel Notes
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Travel Notes

Not long after arriving, you will begin to feel sick. The radiation within Miggon is metaphysical as well as physical, and if you remain there long, you will begin to mutate. These mutations are invariably unpleasant, so don’t expect to pick up any superpowers. The longer you remain within Miggon, the more mutations you will be affected by. These mutations remain on Miggon—when you leave, you are free of them. However, if youreturn to Miggon, your previous mutations will reappear. They are cumulative. If you ever hire a guide to take you to Miggon, and that guide has no mutations when you arrive there, you can be certain that your guide is as inexperienced as you are—or you are being led into a trap. Travelers who spend enough time within Miggon to get to know their way around will undoubtedly be afflicted by at least one visible mutation.

- So the mutations only affect you while you remain in the hyperplane, but they stay with you forever. Does this mean there’s a limit to how much time you can spend in Miggon before you’re too messed up to return?

- Toodles

- Accurate. The mutations are debilitating, but not so bad that you can’t get by when afflicted by a small number of them. Enough of them at once, and you’ll have trouble functioning.

- Wayfinder

- All the more reason to avoid this place as much as possible and limit the time you spend there.

- Hemdale

- I bet someone’s developed a spell or something to reverse or protect against these mutations.

- Rosie

- If anyone has, they aren’t selling the formula!

- Rune
