---
id: AW-0048
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Intrigue and Metaplanar Interaction - Uploaded by: Magister'
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Intrigue and Metaplanar Interaction

## Uploaded by: Magister

Have to add my own stuff here. G-Nome’s dry description is missing more of the living parts of this metaplane. Earth elementals think everyone else is rushing around and not taking time to think things through. There is some animosity between earth and air elementals. And it’s not ideological, but rather is based on cultural aspects. Earth elementals are slighted if the conversation is rushed, while air elementals find it rude if they have to wait for more than three seconds for a response in conversation. Diplomacy between these metaplanes breaks down pretty quickly without the Mist Queen as arbitrator. The cardinal pole of air and earth manifests the problem with spiritual segregation in the city of Fohn.

Earth elementals are more cautious of spiritual travelers. Shedim, shadows, insects, fae, Disians, and even the Hungry Void have been tracked by the earth elemental community. Shadows have kidnapped elemental citizens; insects have tried to colonize the metaplane. The others appear to have no interest, but their actions on the physical realm indirectly affect the planes (shedim actually are not interested in the elemental places due to incompatible metamechanical conditions). With the few skilled spirits in geomancy, they have devised defenses around the cities in the form of arcane architecture. Instead of redirecting mana lines, theirs redirect the formation of gateways to a specific location within each city. A sort of arrival gate to make sure there are no invading spirits. I believe that’s probably one of the more amusing surprises for non-corporeal travelers arriving on their own to the metaplanes and finding an earth elemental customs agent waiting for them.

- The jann (earth spirit djinn) also use these techniques on their metaplane.

- Goatfoot

- Like on the material plane, Disians do not show their true forms. Instead, they appear as elementals, making them harder to keep track of in their travels across all the elemental planes.

- Winterhawk
