---
id: AW-0043
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Amphibolite
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Amphibolite

In the vastness of the metaplane, there are few places quite like Amphibolite. It’s easily recognizable by the kilometer-high quartz tower. It is the oldest city by far on the elemental Plane of Earth. Legend has it that the city was the first grain of sand that the rest of the metaplane coalesced around. Amphibolite architecture involves great stone cubes, smoothed over time, stacked as much four and five blocks high, and packed tightly together in geometric patterns. The spaces between patterns are cobblestone roads leading toward the center. The urban sprawl cascades down into a canyon, with terraced buildings. Grand bridges with similar cubes span the canyon. Much of the city feels pre-industrial, with earth gnomes, midden, and other sapient earth elementals riding slumgullions around. Quartz-operated clocks and piezoelectric

illumination can be found everywhere and serve as the basis of the city’s technology.

- If you travel properly, any devices you have that require power and have an induction setup never need recharging here. Mischievous travelers can play endless games of “Zap!” without shuffling their feet.

- Rockhound

- This makes the Plane of Earth a good stopping point for recharging vehicles.

- Wayfinder

The central tower is partially a university, and much of the upper structure is a vast crystalline machine with mystically crafted lenses. The university uses the device to chart the movement of the metaplanes. Various scholarly spirits from other metaplanes come here for guidance and divination based on movements in the astral plane. A few Awakened individuals come to this university for education on spell formulas.

- The old school has gotten to be a popular place of education in the material world.

- Lyran

- What isn’t common knowledge is that the great crystal telescope not only can track metaplanes within the astral, but it can also be used to get a brief glimpse into that metaplane. The earth gnomes keep that room secure below the university. Only the ambassadors of the elemental planes have that knowledge and access to the room. Since I know about it, I assume a few other non-elementals know about it as well.

- Magister
