---
id: AW-0181
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Professor Hanna Pierce, PhD/ThD - Field Report 019 <REDACTED>'
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Professor Hanna Pierce, PhD/ThD

## Field Report #019 <REDACTED>

Good afternoon and greetings from sunny **<REDACTED>** . For those of you who’re new here, I’m Professor Hanna Pierce, in case you couldn’t tell from the ID tags. I’ve been in the field for about **<REDACTED>** chasing down leads regarding Dis. Now that I’ve got some downtime and am not being shot at, let’s discuss what we’ve currently learned about Disian physiology and their society. And if I get the time, and nothing _else_ tries to kill me, I’ll discuss Disian metaphysics. _<Chuckles>_ So, wait for any questions until the end of the lecture. Also, this is going to be very stream-of-consciousness; I’ll clean it up as more data comes in.

- Winterhawk

- Not just in the shadows. I can’t fully explain it but, in some places the mana itself is changing, feeling more … alien.

- **>** Elijah

- This also makes me wonder—if these Disians made an offer to the Azzies, did they approach anyone else with a similar offer?

- **>** Sunshine

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: ASTRAL WAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

To paraphrase Sun Tzu, “To know your enemy is to defeat your enemy.” Despite recent intelligence gains, knowledge about Disian biology is still limited. For example, we’ve yet to obtain any Disian specimens for reasons I’ll touch on later.



- I’m finding the redacted parts a little too convenient and irritating.

- Rigger X

- Oh well? It’s not like her movements are relevant to the paydata—unless you’re trying to track her that is.

- Slamm-0!

- Don’t tell me how to conduct my biz, and I’ll do the same.

- Rigger X

- You do any actual rigging anymore? Or does selling people out pay better?

- Pistons

- See previous comment.

- Rigger X

- Yeah, let me know how that works out. Most people who’ve tried so far tend to end up disappeared, and I’ve seen the trail of charred bodies. But please, frag around and find out.

- Lyran
