---
id: AW-0005
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 5
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Introduction

If the world is tearing itself apart at the seams, it’s not a bad idea to look around at how other worlds are doing. Awakened individuals have long known of the existence of metaplanes, parallel realms of existence to the material world. Lately, though, awareness of these areas has grown due to rips in the fabric of reality appearing across the Sixth World. Sometimes, these are mostly illusory, providing a glimpse into one of these other planes but nothing more. Other times, though, they allow passage to these metaplanes, sometimes even to non-Awakened individuals.

Just because metaplanar travel is possible, though, doesn’t mean it should be undertaken lightly. _Astral Ways_ is your guide to the metaplanes—how to get there, what to visit, what to avoid, and of course, how to get back safely.

The first chapter, **So You Want to Visit a Metaplane** , orients you to the basic geography of metaplanes and how to navigate it, while also providing some of the metaplanes closest to ours, such as the Kindred Plane and the Plane of Beasts, where spirits who visit our plane often come from.

The next chapters go on a tour of some of the more interesting metaplanes out there, telling shadowrunners what they need to know about them and why they might want to visit these areas—or why maybe, if you ever find yourself there, you should get away as quickly as possible.

First up is the **Elemental Planes** —Air, Earth, Fire, and Water—that are home to some of the spirits most commonly summoned to our plane. This includes guidance on major settlements and the cardinal poles where these planes meet. Next comes a plane that has gotten increasing attention in recent times— **Dis** , which is suspected to have played a role in the events that contributed to the decimation of the UCAS.

Speaking of planes that are a source of earthly troubles, next up is **Hive** , home of the insect spirits. That’s followed by **The Plane of Battle** , a strange location that is the site of ongoing, seemingly unending war, which visitors can easily get swept up in—and possibly enjoy too much.

Then there’s the **Citadel** , a potential treasure trove for runners looking for information. Rumors say that many types of magical lore are available there, as long as you can brave the puzzles and challenges it offers.

**The Place of Clouds** is a hypermetaplane, a breakaway from the Plane of Water. The corporations have discovered this place, and they are looking to bring in whatever resources they can from it. The **Land of the Dino Beasts** indulges any fantasies you might have had about roaming around with creatures that died off long before humanity emerged and helps you understand the potential challenges of being near them. Finally, there are the **Wastes of Miggon** , a blasted, post-apocalyptic nightmare where some of humanity’s worst fears have come to pass. It would seem like a place to avoid, but at least one corporation has planted roots there, raising questions of what they are up to.

The final chapter, **Techniques of Travel** , provides all the game rules needed to involve metaplanar travel in your game, including rules for quickly generating random metaplanes.

With _Astral Ways_ , you’re ready to take your _Shadowrun_ game to new places, pitting players against new challenges and seeing what they can do!



**CONNECTING TO JACKPOINT VPN... ...IDENTITY SPOOFED ...ENCRYPTION KEYS GENERATED ...CONNECTED TO ONION ROUTERS**

**>LOGIN >ENTER PASSCODE**

**\_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ...BIOMETRIC SCAN CONFIRMED CONNECTED TO \<ERROR: NODE UNKNOWN>**

“I’ve been tending old flames, lamenting what was, drifting in a land that time forgot.” — Lord Huron

Welcome back to JackPoint, chummer; your last connection was severed **27 hours, 8 minutes, 34 seconds ago**
