---
id: AW-0319
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Cloud Miners
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cloud Miners

While the local spirits tend to think of the Place of Clouds as a pleasant vacation destination, metaplanar travelers from Earth are drawn by the rich resources that are easy to locate and gather on the various cloud islands. High-quality reagents are abundant and available in every possible form. There are even some islands with rich mineral veins where natural orichalcum deposits can be found. True elements are also easier and safer to acquire in the Place of Clouds than most other metaplanes. Volcano islands are unpopular hellscapes—except to vacationing fire spirits and anyone hoping to mine for True Fire. Quite a few islands have pristine lakes or even rivers, some of which create beautiful waterfalls that descend all the way to the clouds below and back down to the Plane of Water. True Water can often be found within these cascades. True Earth can be mined from most of the islands where other veins of ore can be found. An eternal storm is the perfect place to gather True Air, but it can also be harvested from the bottom side of any cloud island. This practice is largely frowned upon, because taking too much True Air can cause an island to fall apart, but no agency or power exists to stop anyone from doing so.

In addition to reagents, true elements, and orichalcum, the Place of Clouds is abundant with almost any other raw resource that you can imagine. The most commonly harvested resource is local lumber, which is used to create airships that are naturally buoyant in the air here. The lumber loses this quality when taken from the Place of Clouds, with the exception of the elemental Plane of Air, where it works just as well.
