---
id: AW-0263
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Elder Minotoad
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elder Minotoad

Elder minotoads are the elders of their society and reach this stage in their life cycle after thirty-five to forty years. Very few make it to this stage in life, but those who do are physically very powerful, and have learned to temper their emotions to a point where they are reasonable and easy to get along with. While mature minotoads are sapient and can speak, they rarely do so with outsiders. And that’s probably for the best, as mature minotoads seem to take a lot of things as insults. Elder minotoads don’t—they’re reasonable and calm and quite good conversationalists. They’re also highly skilled combatants and craftsmen, as the weapons used by the minotoads are made by the elders. Their style of fighting, which employs sword and shield as well as spears and other polearms, means that not everyone can benefit from instruction from the elder minotoads. But if you get the opportunity to spar with or learn from one, I highly recommend it. They also use their claws, so those who favor hand razors or even spurs might be able to learn something from an elder.

- The minotoads have been fighting bugs for centuries. They have a trick or two up their nonexistent sleeves, if you’re willing to bargain for that knowledge.

- Winterhawk

Some of my students initially called these larger minotoads “greater minotoads,” as they are physically much larger—standing three meters tall or more and with exceptional physiques. The elders are powerhouses within their society. I’ve seen an elder drag a fully armored troll across a battlefield, slice open a bug hybrid form with their claws, chomp through the leg of a very robust anthroform drone, and generally make their presence felt in battle. And their most obvious characteristic, they have tusks that wouldn’t look out of place on an African elephant that extend from the rear of their lower jaws.

- Elder minotoads are truly terrifying. And the ones who can use sorcery are even more so!

- Torch
