---
id: AW-0092
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Cardinal Poles
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cardinal Poles

**Water-Air:** Korikyu (p. 38) **Water-Earth:** Dovv (p. 31) **Water-Fire:** Tumult (p. 39)

\*Ice-based technology with unusual water properties.

\*\*The practice of magic related to the elemental plane is considered to be in a medium mana flow (p. 168, Street Wyrd). All other elemental magic is considered to be in a medium mana ebb (p. 168, Street Wyrd). Unless a summoner is at one of the cardinal poles, only water spirits can be conjured.

- Many-Names

Above the surface, the geysers freeze, rising a kilometer into the air, becoming more conical as the frost builds up and rolls down the sides. This is the second realm of the elemental plane. Floating on the surface are sheets of ice in blues and white. Many take form from the errant spray from the emerging geysers or break off from the rim of the metaplane. Here, the firns and névés live on the floating realm, carving intricate cities out of blocks dredged from the surface. For the larger cities, three frozen columns are moved close enough to allow firn architects to direct the frost to freeze into bridges and platforms between them. There is artistry in their work, as the fine icy filaments bring a kaleidoscope of color to the residents’ day.

Some névés tame great balneals the size of football fields to stay close to the surface, allowing ice to build up on their flanks. That allows small villages to form and not be dependent on the currents. At the top of the columns, névés have constructed a set of towering machinery. The tops of the frozen geysers are cut and tapped, siphoning the flow of water into a fine mist.

The mist leads to the final realm of vapor, as high into the atmosphere it collects into nebulous cities. Dozens of them swing back and forth like
