---
id: AW-0364
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Jani Fern
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Jani Fern

Many varieties of ferns thrive in the Great Forest, but none are so highly valued as the Jani fern. The Tandorans use the fern’s flowers to prepare a special tea that is favored by their dinosaur tamers. Before undertaking an expedition to find a dinosaur spirit that will be invited to join them, Tandoran dinosaur tamers perform a special tea ceremony. They believe that the Jani flower’s tea brings good luck that will guide them to the right spirit and improves their ability to make a connection to that spirit. I was invited to participate in one of these expeditions, but drinking the tea caused me to hallucinate. It wasn’t a bad trip, except that it made me to miss out on seeing the tamers in action. Bandit suspects that the Tandorans also are affected by the hallucinations, albeit less so due to a built-up tolerance. She took the tea as well and claims that the hallucinations guided her toward unlocking some hidden knowledge that she was unable to convey with any detail other than to say that she felt prepared for her next initiation.

- This would be another reason why I’d have trouble trusting any history they provided.

up of many layers, with gardens and hatcheries underwater, agriculture on the island, and elaborate docks upon the water, but most of the city is up in the trees—well above the ground and river. Most of the Tandorans’ buildings are located high up in the branches, connected together by countless bridges, zip-lines, and ropes for swinging across. The acrobatics display of Tandorans going about their usual business within Arbora is as breathtaking as anything I’ve ever seen in a circus. Fortunately for me, they also have elevators that resemble block-and-tackle rigs with big spools. These turned out to be exciting enough for my taste—closer in experience to a carnival ride than I’d prefer.
