---
id: AW-0182
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 02-A Disian Physiology
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 02-A Disian Physiology

With no actual biological specimens to directly examine, we have limited data to work from, mainly observations. Until recently, we thought the Disians were flesh-and-blood beings. However, subsequent data revealed that Disians are in fact beings of energy who inhabit homunculus-like bodies when they’re on this metaplane. These bodies, similar to the way insect spirits work, act as anchors that allow them to stay here. While these bodies can look like anything, we’ve theorized that they are modeled after the forms Disians assume on their home metaplane.

The general description of these bodies is typically as follows: between 1.8 and 2.1 meters tall, 55 to 60 kilograms. Skin tones range from a grey to a more “normal” metahuman color. They are devoid of all body hair and have flat facial features.

Additionally, all Disians are known to be magically active beings, as evidenced by observations of them casting spells and employing adept-like powers. But strangely enough, none of them have been observed summoning spirits. It’s also been confirmed that Disians despise most Sixth World technology with a special distain to flat-out hatred for cybernetic augmentations and those who use them. External or non-invasive devices such as commlinks or most modes of transportation were tolerated when necessary.



- So, these tossers have a thing against chrome, yeah? Sounds like a conversation I’d like to have with ’em.

**>** Chainmaker

Additionally, Disians have on multiple occasions been observed consuming food and beverages from this metaplane, suggesting at least some level of biological compatibility. Whether they receive any nutrition from it or if they have any intolerances such as allergies has yet to be confirmed. Once such Disian, known as the Auditor, has been seen consuming large amounts of glucose-heavy food and drink. The Auditor didn’t seem to care if it was natural or manufactured.

- Hey, who doesn’t like junk food?

- Kane

- I’m not sure if it’s an error or a different information set, but I’ve seen reports that don’t quite match the Disian descriptions listed here. Don’t tell me to keep reading, I’m sure more data is forthcoming. I just wanted to point it out.

- Elijah
