---
id: AW-0224
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Patchwork Chimera
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Patchwork Chimera

While other chimera are constructed around a specific theme or design, the patchwork chimera (sometimes called a “Frankie” or “Frankenstein”) is a specimen that offers a modest amount of customization through the unique ability to remove limbs and replace them with other chimera in times of emergency.

Most often, patchwork chimera come equipped with a natural weapon. Examples include a crustacean pincer claw or a long bone spike similar in function to a sword. Additionally, most patchwork chimera come with an implanted organ in the stomach that’s used to vomit a corrosive, acidic substance from their mouths.

The baseline torso and head feature dermal deposits and enhanced musculature similar to, but not quite on par with, gorilla chimera, making them resistant to damage. Additionally, the patchwork chimera also seem to have higher intelligence than their counterparts, who are often used as shock troops or ambushers. Patchwork chimera have been observed using tactics and deductive reasoning, adapting to situations and showing problem-solving skills.

Having literally sold their souls, Fausteans are the ultimate ally to Dis on the Sixth World metaplane. Thinking they are of great value to the Disians and offering something unique, the sad truth is that Fausteans are nothing more than tools to Dis, to be used and discarded as necessary. Like demons of myth, the Disians offer Faustean prospects something they intensely crave or desire, or something approximating it. If the prospect accepts the offer, they are bonded to a specific Disian, known as a patron, through what is called the Sacred Pact and become a vassal. This patron not only guides their vassal but also provides them with their crystal, which is specifically tailored to the specific Faustean’s needs and desires.
