---
id: AW-0378
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Return
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Return

Most Tandorans (including the ones who hold true to the Great Mother’s promise of a return to the world she took their ancestors from) are happy to continue living on the Island of Tandora. Why wouldn’t they be? They live on an island paradise populated with friendly (to them, at least) dinosaur spirits, and they are free to live as they choose. The idea that Miko’s arrival heralded the time of the Return has fallen out of favor, partially because the Great Mother has not appeared following her arrival, but mostly because that event was the cause of awar that neither side is proud of having participated in. There is a very small, but growing, minority of Tandorans who believe that the time of the Return has come—that the Great Mother never intended to show up and make an announcement about it, but that she expected them to read the signs to know when the time was right. Some of these believe that the reason the Great Mother left the Island of Tandora thousands of years ago is that she was about to pass away, and that she has been dead for millennia.

When it came time for our expedition to leave the Island of Tandora and return to Earth, nearly a hundred Tandorans wanted to return with us. I was able to convey to them the need for prudence and preparation, and so only six of them returned with us. I made promises to prepare the way for more of them, and their emigration process from a hyper-metaplane to the physical plane has begun. It’s going to take some time, but don’t be too surprised when you see Tandorans out and about on the city streets. If you’re interested in helping out with this effort, get in touch with me. It looks like I’m going to be very busy for the foreseeable future.
