---
id: AW-0351
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: What Is a Tandoran?
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What Is a Tandoran?

Most of the entities you bump into on the metaplanes are spirits, but the Tandorans originated on Earth or someplace very like it. They are fully sapient biological beings, just as capable of intelligence, emotion, creativity, and self-realization as any metahuman. Preliminary DNA tests suggest that they are an Awakened species evolved from amphibious reptiles rather than mammals. Tandorans are amphibious, being excellent natural swimmers capable of holding their breath for extended periods of time. They are oviparous, meaning that they reproduce by laying eggs. These eggs are incubated and hatch underwater. The hatchlings remind me a bit of tadpoles, as their legs are the last part of the body to develop. Female Tandorans are uncommon, with perhaps one hatched for every twenty male hatchlings.

Another significant feature of Tandorans is that every single one of them is Awakened, and they begin to develop their magic at a very young age. Full magicians are rare among them, with the vast majority of Tandorans being either adepts or aspected magicians. I can think of no way of discerning whether this is an effect of living for generations on a metaplane or a natural feature of the species.



- There certainly isn’t a good way. Any histories of the people, oral or otherwise, rely on untrustworthy memory and could be manipulated in at least a half-dozen ways.

**>** Winterhawk
