---
id: AW-0069
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Tramontane
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tramontane

The air-fire cardinal pole is marked with a second sun, a glow from the elemental Plane of Fire. From this perpetual dawn/dusk, there is a mirage. A shimmering outline of walls, streets, and skyrakers in the clouds of ash and smoke. This marks the city of Tramontane. It is constantly busy with light and noise. Currency rates and news flash high along the towers. Below them are a mix of barkers, lenders, and brokers filling the streets and keeping the city alive. Between the more modern-looking towers are the great currency rings where travelers can exchange or purchase various currencies of the metaplanes to spend elsewhere. A great wall surrounds Tramontane, controlling the comings and goings of visitors. Tramontane has strict laws protecting currency and assets stored in the banks. They won’t tolerate trade or bringing in illegal goods, and they inspect every vehicle before allowing it through. Few attempts to scale the wall succeed. Failure is punished by disruption or worse.

**>** That’s a good topic to bring up. Spiritual death comes in a unique form, as all the elementals are there in physical form as they travel through the cardinal poles. Disruption from within the planes puts the spirit in an odd incorporeal form. I would call it alienation, as the spirit cannot interact with anyone or anything. Their forms are thrown into oubliettes to wait out their sentence in isolation. While local authorities appreciate not killing citizens, they also appreciate leaving the disruption to law enforcement.
