---
id: AW-0516
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Population
page: 180
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Population

**None** : There are no readily visible residents of this metaplane, but that may not actually mean there is nothing here. Perhaps there is a single powerful entity that just hasn’t been encountered yet, or the residents are exceptionally good at hiding— perhaps from that single powerful entity hunting them down.

**Sparse** : Residents can be found here with a little effort, they’re just widely scattered across the metaplane. There may be isolated farmhouses that occasionally appear on a seemingly endless prairie, or cloud-like spirits that drift in a horizonless sky.



**Light** : Pockets of population are scattered around the metaplane and can be organized in small, scattered settlements or wandering bands of nomads.

**Mixed** : Various areas of the metaplane have different levels of population density. Overcrowded urban centers are not too far from sparsely populated areas, just like the Sixth World. Roll as many times on this table as you need to represent the number of different terrains you want represented.

**Numerous** : Typical of the suburban sprawl found surrounding most Sixth World cities, the metaplane has a busy, populated feel. It’s full of entities going about their business, but everyone still has their own space. There is no feeling like you have to displace something else in order to exist here.

**Dense** : Comparable to the most heavily populated areas of any major sprawl, the metaplane is home to numerous entities living in close proximity to one another. This may be represented as a city environment with tall residential buildings, an arboreal existence in the branches of giant trees, or networks of caves in the vertical walls of enormous cliffs.

**Overcrowded** : The metaplane is literally crawling with entities. Every square meter is fought over, with residents seeking to push others away to make room for themselves. The living arrangements often extend vertically in urban towers and in tunnels extending deep into the ground as a way to free up more space. The Hive is an excellent example of an overcrowded metaplane, with the bubble of reality created by metahuman travelers existing by displacing the native residents.
