---
id: AW-0179
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Debriefing Log BB-021 - \<<<Partial Transcript Only>>>
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Debriefing Log #BB-021

## \<<<Partial Transcript Only>>>

**Interviewer 23:** Mr. McClure, let’s continue from where we left off yesterday. What can you tell us about the first time you met representatives from Dis?

**McClure:** Why are you people forcing me to remember this drek? Haven’t I given you enough? Fine. First time was … mid2064. It was one of those mandatory meetings De La Rosa liked to have. But none of us had any idea why, which was unusual because JJ or one of the Domingos liked knowing everything beforehand. Anyway, we all sit and Montie … Montecuhzoma enters with this bald, grey-skinned fragger with next to no facial features except those damn blue eyes. I still see them in my nightmares …

**Interviewer 23:** Mr. McClure? Mr. McClure?

**McClure:** Wha-? Sorry. Okay, Montie starts this spiel that I’m only half listening to because it feels like my brain suddenly went foggy. I snap out as Flat-Face starts talking in this weird accent about how he’d like to help Aztechnology progress “farther than any other corporation ever could.” All people simply need is some assistance and support. It’s all basic sales-pitch stuff. My mind drifts again, and then I’m looking at some kind of sat-feed to one of our R&D sites. There was this stasis tube surrounded by blood mage trappings that I’d seen too many times before. Inside that tube, asleep, I saw this boy, no more than ten. Montie said the boy had just found his Awakened power and had been selected by Flat-Face for … for this because his spirit was strong or something. **<heavy breathing>** So, I watch as this machine fires up. I watch this kid’s body being taken apart, molecule by molecule until nothing was left. At the same time **<sob>** I still remember when he started screaming. But they didn’t stop. I watched as his fragging soul was sucked into the machinery, powering it up. Then, a flash of light, and it was like I was looking into another world but through a tear. It only lasted for a few seconds, but Montie looked pleased while Flat-Face talked about “opening portals to other metaplanes at will.” Fuck! De la Rosa and Ramos had their poker faces on, JJ looked like he was already scheming, Chavez, the sick bastard, looked like he was fragging turned on and about to bust … I don’t even want to finish that thought. Next thing I know, De la Rosa calls for a vote to partner with Flat-Face and associates. The screams still echoing in my head, but I … I still raised my hand. Damn me to hell, but I raised my hand! And that was the beginning of one of Aztechnology’s darkest projects. I know a lot of people make jokes about Aztechnology, but at that moment, I knew we’d just made a deal with an actual devil.
