---
id: AW-0242
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: "> SEARCH RESULT: DEEP METAPLANES - > ARTICLE SELECTED: MIT&T SPECIAL PRESENTATION\u2014\
  \ EHRAN, 2078"
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> SEARCH RESULT: DEEP METAPLANES**

## **> ARTICLE SELECTED: MIT&T SPECIAL PRESENTATION— EHRAN, 2078**

“As the astral plane is coterminous with the so-called physical plane of existence, so too are there more planes beyond it. Metaplanes align with notional concepts insofar as metahuman minds go; there is a metaplane of pain and one of pleasure. Light, shadow, darkness, joy and sorrow, steampunk element benders and individual ones for every element. Indeed, spirits conjured by modern mages likely hail from these planes, where you are the intruder and the alien. One trembles to imagine what might happen if they ever learn how to summon us, or to try to fathom the vast import of our tiny reality that it is such a conjunction between so many others. But that is for another day. The metaplanes are, and reaching them is no mean feat—a monumental task for those who have initiated themselves into greater degrees of understanding with magic. But beyond them, oh, reality continues, though not in permutations we are suited to comprehend, let alone endure. Places we cannot reason with, because reason follows different laws there, as do physics and any other concept you can dream. Reality has twisted beyond us, at that point, and what we might meet there, from the invae to the shedim and darker things yet, of whose ignorance you are blessed to be protected by, would seek to repel or consume us. They cannot survive here, nor we there, without drastic measures.

“One wonders where else has not been so fortunate as to hold the wolves at bay.”

**> Atlantean** ? My, but that’s rich.

**>** Wordsmyth

- Holy crap, is he long-winded or what?

- The Laughing Man

- It’s a corp report. Sue me.

**>** Red

- Not you. Wordsmyth.

- The Laughing Man

- I said five words.

**>** Wordsmyth

- Someone was looking you up. (Waves at you. Yes, you. You know who you are. And so do I.)

- The Laughing Man

**>** Ugh. **>** Bull

- Back on track, boys.

- Frosty

- Excellent.

- Hecate

In the case of metaplanar beings such as bugs, being literally spirits, there’s the option of claiming a specially prepared human host. The capacity to send psychic fragments and messages to establish a beachhead here through an Awakened metahuman are all they can manage; they then use the corrupted shaman to create a bridge to bring spirits through using prepared metahuman hosts. Without the merge, a conjured insect would dissolve away rapidly.

- Comforting image.

- Chainmaker

- Wait, why not just use the brainwashed Ares bug shamans to just, I dunno, summon a whole bunch of naked bugs here, then let them melt away?

- Whippit

- Not a bad idea, but an impossible one. The Queen and Mother spirits in the Hive know better. They can feel when the vessel is prepared and send the young most appropriate into it. This is, of course, assuming said Queen or Mother has not come here herself. Ares, it seems, was able to fool them enough to bring spirits over into prepared hosts, but without a host, there is simply no transfer.

- Praxis

- I suppose you’d know all about that?

- Chainmaker



**>** My host welcomed me.

**>** Praxis

- You remain a monster.

- Ellis

- And you an aberration.

- Praxis

Why do they come here? By all accounts, it’s because the Hive is always hungry. The instinct is to breed, to expand and conquer. It’s packed with spirits who have used up all the resources at hand, and they seek to find new places to reproduce. So the first thing you should imagine is an endless hive, competing architecture of termite and ant and wasp and every other kind of microcam tour of a terrestrial insect lair. For the most part, it’s a claustrophobic series of tunnels and chambers, scarred by endless eons of passage and warfare savage beyond imagination.

Then there’s the air. This isn’t Earth, and the composition of gasses in any given region has a highly variable rate, insofar as any of this can be comparable, at all. Remember, we’re talking about a spiritual place in physical terms. Which brings up the next point.
