---
id: AW-0291
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Steel Golem
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Steel Golem

While we call this type the steel golem, in truth we don’t really know what they are made of. We know it’s the same metal that a lot of the doors and other metal fixtures are made of, but without being able to bring a sample home for proper analysis, we cannot say with any degree of certainty. All we know is these golems are a light gunmetal color, similar to steel. Hence the name.

What we do know is that this type are physical beasts. Easily as tough and strong as a troll, but with agility that appears to be on par with an augmented human, these things are no slouches in a physical fight. Combine that with the innate resilience that all golem types share, and you end up with something that can stand toe to toe with the most capable fighters. They are not the most skillful of the golem types, relying more on brute

strength than finesse when it comes to using their melee weapons. Don’t let that fool you, though, as they are still capable with their weapons. And as I found out to my detriment, their strikes pack a hell of a punch.

Most steel golems that we’ve encountered use polearms, mainly spears that are at least as long as the golem is tall. These are sometimes paired with a small shield, but not always. The other common armament used by steel golems is a one-handed sword—the blade being two meters long—that is almost always paired with a medieval-style kite shield. This combination, due to the length of the blade and their size, means most metahumans will not be able to get a reach advantage unless they’re a troll or using a very long polearm of their own.

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
steel golem<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>12 8 8 12 4 4 4 4 4 8<br>AC CM MOVE<br>A1, I4 14 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Initiative:** 12 + 3D6

**Defense Rating:** 18 (+2 when equipped with shield) **Skills:** Athletics 4, Close Combat 6, Perception 6 **Powers:** Hardened Armor 6, Immunity (Fear), Immunity (Mental Manipulation spells), Spell Resistance (Combat spells only) **Weaknesses:** Vulnerability (Illusion Spells) **Attacks:**

Sword [Close Combat, DV 4P, AR 12/6\*/—/—/—] Shield [Close Combat, DV 3S, AR 7/—/—/—/—] or

Spear [Close Combat, DV 4P, AR 12/7†/—/—/—] Shield [Close Combat, DV 3S, AR 7/—/—/—/—]

- Maximum reach is 6 meters † Maximum reach is 8 meters
