---
id: AW-0235
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Bug Life Cycles
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bug Life Cycles

Insect spirits, or invae, are natives to a distant metaplane known as the Hive, a place that stretches on into theoretical infinity as a series of tunnels and nests for monstrous creatures analogous to Earth insects. Having depleted their resources, they attempt to invade other planes for breeding stock, in the form of hosts.

The first step is to make contact with a native of that plane, reaching out and tempting or corrupting them into worship of the Queen making contact. This native becomes an insect shaman, who begins gathering hosts to summon insect spawn into their bodies for inhabitation. The sheer alien nature of the Hive makes it impossible for the bugs to exist here without succumbing to evanescence, the local manasphere bleeding off their energy, much like if we were suddenly transported to an alien world incapable of sustaining us. “Wearing” a metahuman is like wearing a space suit indefinitely.

The shaman will start with whatever hosts it can get, willing or not. The willingness is important, as unwilling hosts result in anything from massive bug monsters to twisted hybrids. Those who accept what is happening to them look closer to humans, becoming “good merges,” which are not only indistinguishable from who they once were but retain all memories, skills, and even cyberware in addition to their invae abilities. These are both the most powerful and the most insidious, possessing inherent masking that makes detecting them through any means, including magical scans, all the more difficult. This is how they infiltrate our world.

The goal is propagation. The shaman will summon as many as they can to establish a nest or hive, a space both metaphysically aligned to the Hive and physically comfortable to them, looking like something out of an old Geiger painting mixed with a nature sim about insects. Ultimately, they bring the Queen or Mother spirit into an appropriate host, at which point they become unnecessary, resulting in their demotion or disposal. The bugs can do the job without metahuman help from there.
