---
id: AW-0253
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'the plane of battle - Posted by: Canis'
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## the plane of battle

## Posted by: Canis

- A few weeks back, Canis and I were hanging out when the topic of metaplanes arose. And despite myself, I actually listened to his story of the first time he went looking for the bugs’ home metaplane. After we’d finished our bottle of whisky and were calling it a night, I asked him to write something up for this upload, since it’s too good a story to not tell. And the way he puts it, this place is too good to pass up for those Awakened inclined to sling combat spells.

- Bull

- See, babes, I told you it was a business meeting!

- Canis

- And yet it still involved a bottle of whisky. *sigh* You’re too old a dog to change, I guess.

- Exile

exploring, we still don’t know the whys and wherefores of them all. Some are straightforward, such as the elemental metaplanes. Some are a mystery to us. The Plane of Battle is in the latter category. While it is definitely one of my favorite planes to visit—and an insanely popular location for initiatory ordeals and field trips in general—it’s still one of those we know very little about from a historic standpoint. For example, while we know who the native creatures are, we don’t have anything like a complete idea of their history or why the place looks like it’s been devastated. What we do know is this: It is a locus of conflict within the close and middle distance metaplanes and is also a waypoint that can be used to access some of the deep metaplanes. It is not for the faint-hearted—even field trips to this plane are fraught with danger. Thankfully, we’ve not lost a student yet, but we’ve gotten awfully close far more times than I’d like to think.

Of all the hyper, bubble, and fractured metaplanes we have found in the decades metahumanity has been

**>** My first field trip to the Plane of Battle was one of those close calls. Thankfully, I knew some of the warning signs and



**>** Torch
