---
id: AW-0169
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Memory of Water
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Memory of Water

The translated cyberdeck and cyberjack is a delicate mixture of glacial ice and a pattern of frost on the character when they attempt a connection to the memory of water. The effect of interfacing with any vehicle or structure in the elemental plane of water with the cyberdeck allows the decker to see and hear things within the vicinity of the object, much like hacking a sensor device. With memory of water, the decker can hack deeper into the object, rewinding time from minutes to hours to days. Each length of time period had a different difficulty level.

When making a Cracking + Logic test to delve into the past on the object, if the character fails the test, they suffer memory loss for 1D6 hours. The character gains the Dazed status for that time period as they try to catch up with what they lost.

On a glitch, the memory loss is permanent. If they were delving back hours or days, they gain the Dazed status for 24 hours. If delving is further back, the gamemaster may apply a negative quality such as Indecisive (p. 137, _Sixth World Companion_ ), as the knowledge of how to do certain things is lost. This ability can be used in any of the elemental metaplanes where there is water. The gamemaster may extend this ability to other metaplanes if they so desire.

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: ASTRAL WAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
