---
id: AW-0425
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Conductors of the Death Train
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Conductors of the Death Train

The conductors are a contentious crew of toxic kindred spirits who operate and maintain the Death Train. The Death Train moves at incredibly fast speeds, making it the fastest way to get from place to place in Miggon. It stops at many places throughout Miggon, including several locations in Hubris—both the Yaggil enclave and the lair of the Crimson Carnage are on its route. The Death Train also crosses the glass desert—though it makes no stops there—on its way to the Yasmal enclave. Most of the additional stops are uninhabited, though creatures and bandits often lie in wait to ambush anyone who gets off the train. If you see a band of gnawers waiting at a stop, it’s usually safe to get off there.

Passage on the Death Train is free, in the sense that you do not need to purchase a ticket in order to ride on it. It’s not without risk, however, as the conductors take their role regarding passengers just as seriously as their duty to maintain and operate the train. The cost of riding the Death Train is that the conductors are going to try to kill you. They seem to have two rules about this practice: They only make one attempt on your life per trip, and they will always make the attempt. Other than that, they tend to wait until the train is up to speed before they make a move, and they rarely use overwhelming force. The attempt is usually a direct, personal assault, but they have been known to resort to poisoning or even unleashing Kr’u’Ba at times. Before and after the conductors try to kill you, they will act with brazenly false courtesy. They are there to greet you as you board, show you to your cabin, and bid you farewell when you disembark. This should go without saying, but I’ll say it anyway: Don’t consume any refreshments that the conductors offer you.

The Yasmal regularly ride the Death Train, and the Yaggil almost never do. The bone traders are sometimes found at one of the less popular stops, prepared to trade for the bones of anyone slain on the train. They strip the flesh from these corpses for trade to the ghouls, and trade valuable personal effects to the Yaggil.

- Why would anyone get on a train like that?

- Clockwork

- The devil you know, and all that. Have you any idea what else is out there? And remember that the more time you spend within Miggon, the more you mutate. The Death Train saves time.

- **>** Wayfinder

- It only saves time if you survive.

- Donatello

- The Wastes of Miggon is no place for the meek or the weak.

- Douglas
