---
id: AW-0151
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Translation of Characters to the Elemental Planes
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Translation of Characters to the Elemental Planes

Most characters in the earth metaplane gain the appearance of earth gnomes (p. 48), including height. Those of the very large or very tall metatypes could gain the appearance of a kaolin (p. 50) instead. Colors are more muted in translation. Personal gear has more of a steampunk/atomic age look, as much of the technology uses piezoelectric crystals. Cybernetic enhancements are represented by cut gemstones (most often looking like rubies) embedded in the skin of the appropriate limb, chest, or head. Cybernetic limb replacements appear as metallic overlays to the limbs with similar cut gemstones.

Characters going to the air metaplane gain the appearance of sylphs (p. 54). Their fashion and style are colored smoke. This translation has the closest resemblance in the elemental planes to their physical selves, if just a little hazy. Gear is just one trailing cloud that shapes itself to whatever gear the character wants (provided they took it with them). Cybernetic enhancements are represented by small thunderclouds within the appropriate limb, chest, or head. Thunderclouds and lightning are the most appropriate translation of electronic devices.

Characters gain the semi-translucent appearance of an undine (p. 54) or vadose (p. 55) when they transition to the Plane of Water. The color palette for the character’s fashion is shades of blue and grey. Personal gear appears to be made of ice. Cybernetic enhancements are represented by variably sized snowflakes on the appropriate limb or a more ridged frost overlay for the cyberlimbs. Due to the transparency, internal cybernetics are shown within the appropriate limb or torso as frosty formations.

Given that the other elemental planes translated metahumans into one of the three named elementals (gnome, sylph, undine), one would assume metahumans entering the Plane of Fire would translate into a salamander (p. 52). Amusing as that would be, at the behest of the Dweller on the Threshold (p. 111) and to avoid the eternal and erroneous jokes of being turned into a newt, metahumans are translated into a form similar to an ardor (p. 46). People have a raw, forged look with rivets and bolts. Diesel and decopunk would be an appropriate appearance, with equipment powered by a burning fuel source. Cybernetic enhancements and replacements have a similar raw, dieselpunk look that matches the fire elementals’ vehicular designs (volatile chemical batteries, over-engineered gears, lots of sparks or flames when active, etc.).
