---
id: AW-0234
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Bug 101 - Posted by: ZW2'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bug 101

## Posted by: ZW2

- Oh? Not going to play devil’s advocate for Father Ares?

- Chainmaker

- Knight had a plan. He played by the rules the world gave him and ultimately did a lot more good than bad with it. He never would have gone for this.

- Nightfire

- Oh please. Don’t pretend you’ve ever been one of the “good guys.”

- Goat Foot

- Shut up and take this to another page, people, this is important.

- **>** Glitch

- Shit yeah it is. I smell nuyen.

- Rigger X

Time was, I’d expect everyone here to know what’s what when it comes to the invae. JackPoint was started by the folks who were vets on the old Shadowland BBS, where a lot of the initial breakthroughs of news about the Universal Brotherhood (and the sinister force behind it) got their first steps. Today, bugs are a fact of life, a very real boogeyman waiting to snatch you from the shadows. But there was a time, not so very long ago, when they weren’t even a suspicion. The odd rumor of monsters blended into the mess of madness of a world working

I had one of those freakish nightmares again. I’m stuck in a room—more like a hole. Deep, not a milligram of light, and stirring with chaos. It’s as if I were trapped in a tornado with the overwhelming sound of voices swirling around, disembodied and lost. The putrid smells of death and birth invaded my nostrils, while screams of agony and terror pounded my eardrums. I could feel the warm, sickening sensation of floating in what can only be described as amniotic fluid. My skin tightened and hardened the more I moved. My legs stretched out from under me—but they weren’t my legs. They were foreign, monstrous, angular. I saw myself being ripped from my own chest and heard a silent piercing scream come up from the depths below me and realized that it’s my soul. My life force, being taken out of my flesh and into the darkness.

It’s making me pay attention, making me rethink what I should be slotting in on. Family died trying to get to the bottom of this mess. And if I don’t do something about it now, fuck me, I could turn into one of those “bro-hos,” ready for ascension. And he died for nothing.

- Bro-hos? ... Oh! Now I get it!

- Praxis

- I take exception to that term.

- ZW2


**>** You have a host, I think you’ve taken enough. **>** 2XL


**>** You’ve done your research. First-hand experience?

**>** Bull
