---
id: AW-0262
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Mature Minotoad
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mature Minotoad

Mature minotoads are the adults of their society and reach this stage in their life cycle after five to seven years. At this point, the minotoads reach sexual maturity, and their aggressiveness skyrockets from being fairly docile as lesser minotoads to almost overnight becoming slavering battle maniacs! When they are agitated, the only thing that will calm them down seems to be certain foodstuffs, sugar being the best. This poses a problem for the minotoads, though, as there are very few sources of sugar on the Plane of Battle. This means they often have to try other things and hope for the best.

- Sugar affects minotoads like alcohol does metahumans, so be warned that there will be fights over any available source.

- **>** Torch

- Sugar is also toxic to minotoads, in the same way alcohol is to us. In low dosages, it calms mature minotoads and leaves them in a dreamy, almost placid state that resembles the temperament they had as lesser minotoads. In higher dosages, it is lethal to them. They also don’t have much capacity to refrain once they start to indulge in sugar.

- Covenant

This failure rate is one of the reasons it is common to see huge groups of mature minotoads fighting. Unusually, for our plane at least, the reason for such huge numbers of minotoads born is not because it is rare for them to make it to maturity, but because it is very rare for them to make it to full adulthood—the stage known as elder minotoad.

Mature minotoads have much larger horns than their lesser counterparts and stand almost

two meters tall. Their tongues are strong enough to move around most combat drones, as well as average-size metahumans if they are not careful! Their bites are now capable of doing serious damage, and they now possess sharp claws on their fingers and toes, which combined with their excessively powerful legs means they are capable of disemboweling a metahuman if they aren’t careful.
