---
id: AW-0280
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Starting at the End
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Starting at the End

Before Crash 2.0 and all the craziness it brought, when you went on an astral quest you would bounce around several metaplanes being tested in various ways, and then you would end up at the Citadel. More specifically, you would end up in what was a sort of throne room at the top of a tower in the Citadel, and on the plinth in front of you was either the knowledge you sought or a receptacle for whatever it was you needed to hide. The whole process made astral quests mentally and emotionally jarring but also forced you to get in touch with yourself and strengthen your mind so that your astral form could master your physical nature.

When I managed to force myself back into the Citadel, I got back into that throne room in the same tower. Obviously, the plinth was empty, but it was still there and covered in a layer of dust. The rest of the room was as I remembered it, limewashed walls from a medieval castle tower (usually about 12 meters in diameter, but the exact size was variable) with one arched window high above the stone floor and a double-door leading out. The dust was new, however, and it looked like there was a good five or even ten years’ worth of it. That

struck me as odd, as why would a structure that came into being as part of the vagaries of magic to act as a place to provide the rewards for an astral quest have dust—almost as if it were a permanent structure, one which had fallen out of use?

I must have spent a good few hours in that chamber, looking around the room and trying to figure out why there was dust. I opened the solitary door and immediately found myself back on the material plane. Something wasn’t right—I was missing something.

Over the next few days, I went back again and again, and each time I did, I found my footprints slowly getting covered by that same dust. It was on something like my fifth or sixth trip when I heard something while I sat at the foot of the plinth, letting the ambience of the place slowly filter through me. Okay, I was daydreaming, but I definitely heard that noise. It was coming from the other side of the door. But that wasn’t possible … it was the way back to the material plane. Wasn’t it?

After much experimentation, and a lot of failed attempts, I managed to open the door without triggering the mechanism to return me to my body. And what I found was beyond my wildest dreams. Okay, it wasn’t, but it was still pretty wiz!

I’d somehow managed to get out of the reward chamber and into the rest of the Citadel! After taking care to not leave dusty footprints all over the lovely freshly swept stone floor, I went exploring. Turns out that the reward chamber is one of several, all of which were the tops of the great many towers the Citadel has. But the main part of the keep is filled with the rooms you would expect from a medieval castle—receiving rooms and parlors and kitchens and privies and servants’ quarters and all of the other things needed. I’m not an expert on medieval architecture, so I can’t hope to do the castle justice. But the keep was lovely and warm, with an alluring scent of freshly baked gingerbread and rich dark roasted arabica coffee filling the passageways. The walls were freshly lime washed, with tapestries depicting armies marching to war, portraits of metahumans and other metaplanar entities in their finery, and paintings of beautiful landscapes from a hundred different environments.

It was one of those landscape paintings that almost did me in that first time I made in to the keep proper, as I was so lost in the wonder of such skilled artwork that I didn’t hear the clanking until it was almost too late. I managed to jump up and hide among the beams that made up the ceiling of the passageway I was in, doing as much as I could to minimize my presence and remain hidden. I’m fragging glad I did, too, as the thing that walked underneath me was eerily familiar and yet also utterly alien.

The figure stood four meters tall, with broad shoulders almost half that wide and a hunched profile. At first, I thought it was an anthroform drone



(when you have a dronomancer as a daughter, that leap is easier to understand). But the joints in its arms and legs, where I would expect servomotors and actuators, were flush fitting and yet still moving freely. It also didn’t have the same artificial gait of a drone, the tiny imperfections and subtle differences in stride and overall body mechanics that are telltale signs of a jumped-in rigger. Or a metahuman in armor. Because that’s exactly what it looked like—someone in full plate harness but without the gaps at the joints one would expect in medieval armor suits. It almost looked like military-grade battle armor, like the ones those Brits wear that’s styled to look like medieval armor. But also not. At that time, I couldn’t explain it.

Back when I was a whelp, I was corpsec. Whisked out of school after Wolf came to me and gifted me the knowledge of manabolt during a playground scuffle, I was sent to an academy for the Awakened who showed a certain … propensity for violence, and from there into a corpsec SWAT team before eventually seeing the light and escaping to the shadows. As part of that training, I spent weeks as a young pup studying Sun Tzu and other great military minds. That, combined with decades of real experience on the streets, gave me a firm grasp of strategy and tactics.

- We need to work together some time.

- DangerSensei

- I’d like that, DS. I’m sure we’d learn a lot from each other and do some truly great things.

- Canis

- *shudders* Anyone else have a bad feeling about this budding bromance?

- Slamm-0!

- Yes. Yes, I do.

- Bull

Perhaps one of Sun Tzu’s most famous quotes, one that keeps cropping up in popular culture to the point that some of the empty-headed drekwits I encounter on campus could give a reasonable recital of it, is “If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.” It’s as true today as when it was originally written—especially in the shadows (any runner with more than six months in the shadows knows how important legwork is). The problem I had while hanging from those rafters was that I didn’t know my enemy. Inferring capabilities based on experiences in our world was not going to cut it. Especially not on

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

CITADELthe metaplanes. Unfortunately, getting data on its capabilities meant seeing what they were all about, in more ways than one. Assensing, detection spells, and other perceptive arts can only get you so far, but they’re a good starting point. I was able to study the suit of armor and determine that it was a living thing. However, some of the information I was getting through my various detection spells and assensing didn’t make sense. Not unless I was looking at a dragon.

I decided discretion was the better part of valor and let the thing go on its way before I made my way back to the tower. It took me some effort to get the exit mechanism to work again, but I was able to get home.

The first thing I did was describe the creature to my family before heading off to my study to check some of my books. At least I’d intended to, until Paladin mentioned that the creature sounded like a steel or iron golem. Which made perfect sense— animated suits of armor with a single-minded purpose. I’d just never seen or heard of one like that existing.

I spent several days digging through the Matrix as well as old books, looking for any information on golems. It took quite a while to filter out all the information from magical circles about homunculi and the blood-magic-spawned abominations known as flesh golems: both of those I’ve encountered and knew they weren’t what I’d seen. My best sources of information ended up being fantasy pop culture, from before and after the first Crash. I even found a mod for Miracle Shooter that incorporated a lot of fantasy lore and creatures; it also included the Miracle Slasher optional mod to include close-combat weaponry in addition to firearms. After about a week, I was ready to return; my goal was to take on one of these creatures and see if what I’d learned was relevant.

- You made a good point with Sun Tzu’s quote. You quested a journey to the Citadel from the Dweller on the Threshold and you succeeded, and yet the Dweller isn’t home. You have found all these challenges and treasures that you were subconsciously expecting from a being who can transform portions of a metaplane into a location for quests. Given your description, I believe you have found a citadel, not the Citadel.

- Magister

- Don’t burst his bubble!

- Vixen

- Unfortunately, Magister has a point. Would the Dweller truly leave the keys to his castle open to a metahuman to aimlessly wander around in?

- Lyran

- As an educated man, I can concede that your hypothesis could be correct, and that the Dweller created this version of the Citadel

just for me. Still, given the size and details within the structure, another theory is that it could be a bubble metaplane, reflecting the Citadel, though the dust says it’s been hardly used.

**>** Canis

- Again, rooms with dusty floors even though there are no windows? Dweller.

- Magister

- You made your point, Magister. Either way, it’s an interesting find.

- Ethernaut
