---
id: AW-0282
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Not Going Rogue
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Not Going Rogue

My mates dropped off their pups a couple of days after that first hunt, so I was understandably busy for the next … well, it’ll be sixteen to sixty years, based on my current twins …

- Love you too, dad!

- Torch

But there was no way I was going exploring the Citadel for the next few months. I had duties to perform, and then the fall semester started, so I was up to my cybereyes in prima donna freshman mages who thought their insignificant speck of magical knowledge gave them the right to mouth off in my lectures and labs (thank Dunkelzahn’s huge scaly hoop for healthy glow, sleep regulators, and cosmetic manipulation spells, is all I can say!). It was the winter holiday break before I was able to get back to the Citadel.

- Ugh! Thaumaturgical arts freshmen are the worst!

- Gundark

- Surely they’re not any worse than any others.

- /dev/grrl

- Oh, they really are. Think about it: You’ve almost the perfect storm of douchebaggery. Treated as stars by their teachers, constantly told they’re going places and will have all the scratch they could ever desire and the cushiest of jobs—they’re your typical super-entitled rich kid that no one has ever said no to. Then add in their actual spells, so they’re physically untouchable as they can roast/freeze/drown anyone who crosses them—your typical asshole jock bully. Now add into the mix that a lot of corps throw money at these kids from the moment their school registers them as Awakened, so they’re likely to have halfdecent foci and a stockpile of reagents. They’re like every flavorof high-school jerk rolled into one package. And by and large, none of them have grown up one iota before college. **>** Covenant

- The Z zones of Redmond and Puyallup are much more pleasant than fresher’s week in the magical arts building. I’ve never been hit on so much in all my life.

- Galen

- Try skipping a few grades and being the daughter of one of the professors. You got hit on, I got challenged. Hundreds of former alpha males and alpha bitches all gathered in one area, and I was the one they wanted to take down. Took a month or so before they got the message.

- Torch

- One of the proudest days of my life was when she walked into Introduction to Astral Studies, and I saw the mood in the lecture hall change.

- Canis

The first time I went back to the Citadel that winter break, I went hunting golems again, but I wanted to try to fight one of each kind, and boy was I in for a shock. Each of the types shared the same resilience to elemental magic, but otherwise they were different in their skills and tactics as well as the best way to take them down. I’ve more details below, but at this juncture, it suffices to say that they were no slouches!

I came back home to rest up for a day or two before returning. Now that I had a rough measure of the golems, it was back to proper exploring. It took me what felt like a day or so to get a decent idea of the keep, mainly because I had to avoid all the golems I saw moving around, but also because it was huge. I would come to find out on subsequent visits that it also changed the layout; the only fixed points were the stairs leading to the towers, the stairs leading to the basement (more on that later), and the room that housed the golems. Everything else could change each visit, though it seemed to be almost an evolution—like a wave of change would happen after I did something (like fight a golem) that affected the layout of anything that came after the place where said thing was done. After many more visits, the exact reasoning behind layout changes is unclear. More evidence is needed, since no pattern is emerging from the data as yet.

- Bull has kindly agreed to offer a dead drop for anyone who visits the Citadel to provide mapping data to us. There will be a small reward based on the level of contribution once the paper is published.

- Covenant

One of the changes I noticed quite quickly was that traps had appeared in the passageways and rooms of the keep—some of which were very innovative and intricate traps, though thankfully not instantly lethal. More the slow accumulation of difficulties and injuries that could potentially make, say, fighting a silvery colored golem deadly. Yeah, that totally happened. After that golem nearly got me, I decided I needed to be able to deal with archaic traps as well as magical ones. And maybe get some backup.
