---
id: AW-0260
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Becoming Native
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Becoming Native

One of the students in that first class to go on a field trip to the Plane of Battle was so taken with the place that he decided to make the minotoads the subject of his doctoral thesis. The time dilation process made a detailed cultural study of the minotoads possible. The vast majority of the paper is not useful to occasional travelers to the Plane of Battle, but it is an interesting read.

- It’s also the first detailed study of a culture found on another metaplane that has been peer reviewed and fully published. Rumors of studies carried out by secret corporate metaplanarexploration teams abound in academic circles, but none have been peer reviewed properly, and none are freely available. **>** Exile

The life cycle of the minotoads is fascinating and has a big impact on their culture and also on what travelers from our plane might expect to experience when going there.

First, we have the eggs. These are laid by fertilized females in spawning ponds very high up in the mountains, with each female laying around one hundred eggs. The ponds themselves are a nightmarish mix of caustic and toxic compounds, many of which would not be able to exist in our plane, suspended in water. The compounds dissolved in the water—and it is proper H2O—keep the ponds from boiling despite them sitting on and around pools of magma. The eggs themselves are roughly the size of a troll’s shoe, and when laid are camouflaged within the ponds. The eggs incubate in the ponds for roughly two months by our reckoning, during which time they absorb minerals from the water of the ponds, so when they are ready to hatch they are a milky white color (discarded eggshells around the ponds are flexible to the touch, as if made of a very thin leather or hide, and have properties that indicate they could be useful for enchanting, though no use has been found as yet)
