---
id: AW-0096
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Intrigue and Metaplanar Interaction - Uploaded by: Magister'
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Intrigue and Metaplanar Interaction

## Uploaded by: Magister

I previously mentioned how mean-spirited (pun intended) some water elementals are to the vadose and G-Nome’s mentioning of “royal” brunes. There’s a caste system within the water metaplane based on physical form. Vadose, being dense at the bottom of the ocean, are the lowest caste, followed by undines, firns, névés, and at the top, brunes, as they are a collection of vapors. Moving outside your caste is frowned upon, unless you are doing a menial job for a member of the upper class. Even with conjuring, for example, a brune would not work with an undine on a job, much like a névé would not work with a vadose. The névé would recommend they supervise the vadose in the task, commanding them to do otherwise can hurt a reputation down the road.

Speaking of névés, there are a few unscrupulous characters who take advantage of metahumans. Some will adjust their appearance to look like snowmen of the metahumans’ childhood in order to gain trust and offerings.

I saved the politics of Korikyu for here. Between the elemental planes, the Mist Queen, as arbitrator, is the final word on issues presented to her. Mostof her work is dividing up the jurisdiction of the elemental metaplanes when there is a question on the law. This has been going on for a very long time. Other metaplanar diplomats usually have questions on trade or travel protocols. The Seelie/ Unseelie Courts were the most annoying at Korikyu, as they try to play their Fae games. And they wonder why none of the other diplomats invite them over for tea. Second-most annoying were the corporate wagemages and their attempts to establish diplomatic relations with the elemental planes. I have to admit, I love seeing a wagemage not only get rejected by the queen but banished from the metaplane.

Lately though, Disians have been making a political quagmire in Korikyu. During the last few years of them establishing political relations, they’ve craftily introduced a series of protocols requiring other metaplanar diplomats as third-party arbitrators. What would have taken a few hours to hash out now takes days or weeks. It also puts the Dis diplomat at the Queen’s side for almost every decision with the material plane.

They have the nose for it, just like other elementals.

The upper castes are purists, finding such mixes to be pollutants, especially if brought to the elemental plane. They look for offerings of clean water at specific temperatures.

- I’ll stick with the traditional methods of ritually sanctified water. I’m not too keen on summoning a water spirit jonesing on caffeine.

- **>** Winterhawk
