---
id: AW-0515
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: residents of the metaplanes
page: 180
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## residents of the metaplanes

Not every entity on every metaplane can be classified as a spirit. Some metaplanes are indeed full of what we call spirits, who have a Magic attribute and can be summoned across metaplanar distances. But many metaplanes also have other entities that are best described as “biological.” These are equivalent to metahumans and metasapients of the Sixth World. On some metaplanes, they seem to be the result of natural evolution from lower lifeforms. On others, they may be there as the result of a grand metaplanar migration, perhaps to avoid some calamity, or they have been moved there by powerful forces with their own agendas, or they have been the victims of massive metaplanar rifts that have carried off entire cities. Biological residents of the metaplanes may or may not have a Magic attribute and operate exactly as metahumans. They may not be summoned in the way spirits can be, but they can travel the metaplanes by any of the other methods available.

The reception players may receive on any given metaplane will vary wildly. Some metaplanes have already had contact with the residents of the Sixth World, sometimes with very negative results. Other groups may be naturally hostile to all outsiders. If the runners are discovered to be outsiders—and that depends on how they act when they arrive—some residents will be openly hostile.

by titans, where each scattered building block is a hundred meters tall.

**Mountains** : This metaplane is dominated by towering vertical walls and jagged peaks. The actual populated areas may be eyries or isolated temples at the mountain peaks, cities built vertically up the mountainsides, or scattered settlements along the whitewater rivers that flow in the narrow valleys.

**Enclosed** : There is no sky in these metaplanes. Perhaps the metaplane is an endless maze of rooms and halls in a vast closed city, a darkened forest floor with an impenetrable canopy overhead, or water-filled caverns deep under the seafloor.
