---
id: AW-0246
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Viable Markets: Hive Gasses and Solids'
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Viable Markets: Hive Gasses and Solids

Alien matter is of exceptional value in all cases, though that value is largely dependent on novelty and use as much as mass. While solids can be carried by more conventional means, they should be held by the most secure method possible (vacuum sealed, radiation and light shielded, etc.) to prevent external tampering; gasses may require more precise capture and containment vessels. Note that the value decreases according to the number of variables influencing it from its home source and state to its delivery; virgin materials fetch the best price.

- Man, the discovering doctor might not even get to name what they found. Welcome to the megacorporate age.

- Winterhawk

- Hey, can I get a list of those scientists? For, uh, professional curiosity?

- Prime Runner

- You do realize you can’t snatch someone from the Colony, right?

- Ma’Fan

- Can’t stay there forever. ;)

- Prime Runner

**Evanescence spikes:** A particular risk in the Hive is the occurrence of concentrated metaplanar attunement, which we have termed an evanescence spike. Here, the localized energy or even “identity” of the plane is so intense that there is an increased strain on non-Hive-native entities against the forces of evanescence, resulting in a rapid degradation of their corporeal forms. The resulting harm is similar to that of accelerated radiation exposure, manifesting in burns, internal bleeding, flesh necrosis, autonomic system failure, and worse. These spike zones are, to date, observed to be no more than a meter wide, and local mages can often sense them in advance, though this requires them to interface with the local “astral” sense of the Hive, leaving them open to other following dangers.

**Whispers:** A peculiar parapsychological event within the Hive metaplane is the presence of “Whispers,” a sussurant chant of languages that seem to be ever-present in the subconscious minds of outside entities that spend any length of time here. Theorized to be similar to the constant barrage of coercive information that insect shamans receive from their patrons, being in the Hive seems to bombard metahumans with the same basic information, though in a much diluted degree dependent on location and circumstance. The Psychological Profile Tests required for posting to the Colony have proven invaluable in this case, and while the Colony’s protective bubble of planar attunement provides shielding from all conscious awareness of
