---
id: AW-0429
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: What in Chernobyl is MCT up to?
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What in Chernobyl is MCT up to?

The runners are hired by a corporate Mr. Johnson to travel to the power plant region of the Wastes of Miggon and investigate the MCT fortress there. Travel to the power plant requires a long journey across the wilderness of Miggon unless the runners are willing to risk a ride on the Death Train. Once in the area, the runners are likely to encounter the toxic fallout ghouls. The MCT fortress is deep within the power plant, where the fallout ghouls are active and agitated, and likely to ambush the runners at least once. Getting close to the fortress can be tricky and dangerous, as it isvigilantly defended by metahuman guards, at least one mage, and several automated turrets. If the runners can get close enough to the fortress to record some video and audio, this is considered to be a minimal success, and they are paid one quarter of the offered fee. If the runners record the exterior of the fortress during a fallout ghoul attack, they are paid half of the offered fee. However, if the runners are able to acquire any footage or images of the interior of the MCT fortress, they are paid the full fee.

Entering the fortress using any method other than stealth is likely suicide. MCT treats this as a Zero Zone—they will shoot first and not even bother asking any questions. If the runners are spotted, they will be treated as a serious combat threat, and the MCT forces will attempt to kill them all—but they will not leave their own walls to do so. No cover is available within the MCT kill zones, which provides the mages, guards, and turrets a clear line of fire.

If the runners can somehow convince the MCT forces that they are from MCT, they’ll encounter heavy suspicion. This requires a successful Con + Charisma vs. Intuition + Willpower Opposed test. Other skills such as Influence (Negotiation) or Stealth (Forgery) may be used as part of a teamwork test, but the leader of the test must use Con + Charisma. If the runners manage to get detailed information about the interior of the MCT fortress, they are paid a hefty bonus in addition to the offered fee.
