---
id: AW-0228
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: HIVE
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## HIVE

- Where’s Slamm-0!? He’s supposed to do the intro this time.

- Glitch

  - Nevermind, there we go. :)

  - Bull

- Search me. Can it wait? I doubt the upload will change.

- Bull

  - About damn time …

  - Glitch

- There’s a schedule, Bull. We keep it for a reason. Shit doesn’t post when it’s supposed to, the cracks start to form. Who knows where we end up after that?

- Glitch

- You post it, then.

- Bull

- Slamm-0!’s got it. Hard data scans Red collected. He’s late.

- Glitch

- Fine, I’ll call him. Whatever.

- Bull

- **USER: SLAMM-0! HAS LOGGED IN. USER: RED LINKED.**

- Metahumanity’s reach exceeds its grasp. I guess that’s how the whole world ended up where it is. Sometimes, some of you, the Awakened ones, talk about how the Great Ghost Dance was a rush job that screwed up a natural process. Other times I look at the chrome we jam into our bodies, under the skin and in the brain, and I think of what my little boy is evolving into. Jack is beautiful, he’s a wonder, and he would be without his gifts, too. But I think of the world where those gifts would be bestowed, the evolutionary process that made virtuakinetic symbiosis a natural adaptation to the flesh world. Technology is spurred on by ambition, and our ambition, as a species, has been rushed past our ability to understand the consequences. Magic was old, but we were young, and we weren’t ready to inherit. And then cyber, the Matrix … it’s too much. It’s too much all atonce. You force too much down, you end up puking it up, and you look around the world and you can see that this is all just regurgitated everything, everywhere. The world is fucking filth, and we’re all gonna die.

- Slamm-0!

**>** I’m sorry, I couldn’t talk him out of it. He read what I brought and … well …

- Red

- And? He took a bath in the cheapest rotgut he could find?

- Netcat

- C’mon, almost home.

**>** Red

- Gotta get this uploaded.

- Internally, more or less, yes. I couldn’t talk him out of it, so I made sure he got home safe.

- Red

**>** Slamm-0!

- You’re in no fit state to upload anything right now.

**>** Red

- Deadline. Gotta hit deadline. Alarm says post, gotta do a deadline. Gotta make it snappy.

- Not the first time. *sighs* All right, well, he’s home, so you can go now.

- Netcat

- I … yeah. Cool. I understand.

- Red

**>** Slamm-0!

- It’s—look, it’s not that I don’t trust you, just—

- You need oxy and a cold shower and a soft bed. Cat’s gonna be there. Jack’s gonna be asleep, he doesn’t have to see you like this.

- Red

- Oh. Oh fuck. Oh Jackie, no no n0.

- Netcat

- Cat, I get it, okay? It’s easier to be friends online. I’m … sick. And you don’t want that near your kid. It’s fine. This isn’t the first time. Null sheen.

- Red

**>** Slamm-0!

- … yeah. Thanks. Again.

- Rick?

  - Netcat

- Slamm-0!
