---
id: AW-0322
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: pirate island matrix
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## pirate island matrix

Aztechnology has installed a network of Matrix hardware throughout Pirate Island, which they use for communication and other logistics. They also rent out access to their Matrix to Ares, Spinrad, and other visitors. This low-level Matrix is not powerful enough to allow for full VR, limiting its users to AR mode, but it does provide wireless bonuses to all relevant gear. In order to access the Aztechnology Matrix on Pirate Island, you must either purchase access for 100 nuyen per day or hack your way in. This requires a successful hacking action (Probe + Back Door Entry or Brute Force). There is no Grid Overwatch Division, but Aztechnology spiders are on hand to deal with troublemakers. They are not capable of convergence, but gaining an OS of 40 or more reports your activities and location to them.

The only hosts on the Aztechnology Matrix are Aztechnology’s host at the ziggurat construction site, Ares’s host at the weapons factory construction site, and Spinrad’s host at its hangar. None of these are true modern Matrix hosts, as they are the product of computer hardware with no connection to the Foundation. As such, their overall processing capabilities are more restrained, limiting the Host Rating to a maximum of 6. Since none of the local spirits have shown any interest in (or practical understanding of) the Matrix, security is relatively light and is mostly backed up by security spiders rather than relying on IC.

The signal quality of the Aztechnology Matrix on Pirate Island is also relatively weak and unpredictable. The ambient Matrix noise varies from 1 to 6 at any given place or time. It also does not extend far from Pirate Island— all noise penalties due to distance from Pirate Island are doubled.
