---
id: AW-0227
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Faustean Crystal Game Notes/Rules
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Faustean Crystal Game Notes/Rules

A Faustean must have an Essence of 4 or more to receive a crystal. For the purposes of gaining a crystal, implanted augmentations can be removed; their Essence costs are considered to have been regained even though they technically have not. Instead, the channeled Dis magic/mana grants the user a type of “replacement” Essence that replaces the Essence lost from augmentations and functions as normal Essence would. The user, of course, loses any bonuses and abilities associated with those enhancements, but they can regain them (if they choose) via their new Dis-enabled powers. The only exception to this is any Matrix/VR enhancements, as the Disians do not have (nor want) a version of those abilities.

Because the crystals are conduits to Disians, they allow patrons to communicate with their vassals (and vice versa) via a telepathic mindlink. A link can be established with any Disian, but doing so without permission to another’s vassal is considered an extreme breach of etiquette and an insult among the Disians. This link has no known range; a patron can call on or aid their vassal at any time.

The Dis patron can use the crystal to place limitations or remove benefits from the crystal. In game terms, a patron can remove any adept-like powers/magics or lower the Faustean’s Magic rating at will. And because of the link between Faustean and patron, the patron can use their own magics to benefit their vassal. Additionally, once the Faustean accepts the pact, any connection to mentor or ally spirits is severed. The bonuses remain but are now supplied through the patron. In game terms, the Faustean can regain whatever abilities they lost via technology and replace them with physical adept analogs. All other magical abilities or spells remain intact.

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: ASTRAL WAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Another side effect of the Faustean crystal is that it is much more difficult to summon spirits or astrally project. Spirits gain an automatic +2 on their resistance roles, and all astral perception and combat tests must include a wild die.
