---
id: AW-0236
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: A History of Infestation
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A History of Infestation

Thanks to the Wanderly and Davitt papers, we know the history of the bugs’ arrival in our plane of existence, at least as much as we likely ever will.

The Universal Brotherhood was a cult, sort of like Scientology or any other organization that covers up the fact that they chew up their followers and spit them out. Except in this case, they eat your soul and wear your skin.

- Close enough. My great Uncle Zeb and his partner researched this group a long time ago. They got too close and were never seen alive again.

**>** ZW2

**>** You’re Wanderly’s niece?

**>** Ethernaut

**>** Let’s keep moving.

**>** Glitch

The UB expanded both rapidly and insidiously, establishing chapterhouses across the UCAS and then the world, infiltrating every level of society before their discovery, which used a combination of political and psychological tricks to evade detection. The largest and most notorious of those hives was in Chicago, where a botched assault by an Ares Firewatch team resulted in thousands of bugs swarming the city, leading to the creation of a walled Containment Zone around the downtown core. The bugs ran wild until a sub-tactical nuclear device eliminated a gathering of queens, leaving the rest of the invae in an uneasy torpor. The threat remained until Ares unleased an Awakened bioweapon that cleared out the bugs—and every other dual-natured being in the city, including ghouls and many magicians, while also wreaking havoc on the local manasphere. Corporations have barely begun reclaiming it.

The bugs are anything but gone, however. They have had their claws in everything from presidential elections to the Mob to small cults. Now that they’re in the public eye, they’ve become a kind of bogeyman, except they actually exist. From Kowloon Walled City to the outskirts of Chicago, termite towers in the Australian outback to the former Ares Tower in Free Detroit, they are a part of this world that we might never fully be rid of.

- For what it’s worth, I am truly sorry for your experiences, and our efforts in Detroit are meant to reconcile our place here in a symbiotic fashion, not the parasitic one you have all suffered.

- Ellis

- With respect, you don’t belong here. If you did, you wouldn’t need us the way you do. We don’t need you, and we never, ever will.

- ZW2

- Oh, but you do. Oh, but you will.

- Praxis

In the public eye, bugs are a menace to be hunted and eliminated. Aside from secret societies who embrace them out of despair or madness,

BUGthe attitude toward invae is rightfully hateful. The megacorporations, however, see opportunity where there is obvious danger. Rumors in the shadows speak of Renraku’s collusion with them for social engineering purposes, Evo inhabitation research, and the grandest irony of all: Ares, the bug hunters everyone loves best, with hidden labs in Athabascan Council lands playing with invested animals, or the obvious results of experimentation at their former HQ in Detroit, or what brings us here today, the stable portal they’ve opened to the Hive on their Daedalus station in orbit. From what I’ve seen of this report, a collection of captured and brainwashed insect shamans maintain the portal from within a local manasphere of biomatter, allowing Ares to stage ideologically satisfying but intensely dangerous and futile raids against the Hive. Evidently, this portal has been in operation for over a decade at least, which only raises further questions. But those are for you to ask. For now, I’m going to restock on my bug juice, settle in, and see what you all bring to the conversation.

**>** Thanks for taking the time, Zebbie. He’d be proud of you. **>** Sunshine
