---
id: AW-0051
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: true elements
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## true elements

There have been many rumors and legends about strange and unusual materials used or created by alchemists throughout the ages. Orichalcum, for example, was one of those myths mentioned by Plato until its recreation by alchemists in the 2050s. The myth of true elements is just as old, tied to Aristotle and Chinese geomancy. But it wasn’t until 2064 that the first true elements were discovered and documented on Earth. True elements are, in a nutshell, volatile astral materials from metaplanes made manifest on Earth. Only the four elements (earth, air, fire, and water) from those equivalent metaplanes have been confirmed to exist. Unfortunately, since 2078, after the Yellowstone Calamity, sources on Earth dried up or disappeared. What little was found is coveted or already used up in some experiment.

Now the Awakened are looking at prospecting the elemental planes. It’s a much more dangerous endeavor, as it’s not just any old piece of metaplanar material. The same theoretical chaotic/harmonic forces that helped bring it to the material plane are still required to make the material on the elemental plane. Besides finding the material, the prospectors also have to deal with travel to the metaplane, the chance the volatile material will not take kindly in ritual transport back to the material plane (some say it’s worse than putting a bag of holding into a portable hole, whatever that means), and all the planar denizens who don’t take kindly to strangers strip-mining their world. Still, the value of the true elements for experimentation is enough for corporations to hire teams to get them at almost any cost.

like a maglev train. Other places like Roche can be reached by ships that move through loam and sand as a ship sailing through water. These ships travel the sedimentary sea to the east between Dovv, Damar, and Roche. Of the Argillaceous lands of the east, Foehn can only be reached by a modified ship, one that can move through air and earth. I’ll explain these in further detail later.

- Along with the university’s tracking of the astral heavens, the militaristic organizations have been mapping the astral rifts, gates, etc. as a possible threat. Something they developed after the appearance of the Watergate rift to the far astral planes. My recent perusal of their records shows an increase in Dis visitors to the elemental planes.

- Cosmo
