---
id: AW-0251
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Operative Roles
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Operative Roles

Encounter Teams are made up of a mixture of combat and technical specialists. Aside from the obvious roles of veteran Firewatch soldiers, scouts, and demolitions experts, and Colony science personnel for observation and specimen gathering, two additional roles are notable in ETs.

Awakened: Mages are an obvious candidate for any mission, as their spells still work within the Hive. There is, however, considerable shift in their

NEW, HORRIBLEabilities and the risks that accompany them. First, as there is no analog to the astral plane in the Hive, mages can rather attune themselves to the Hive, experiencing its holistic nature to utilize its energy in a fashion much like insect shamans do, converting local mana to their will. This usually manifests as environmental modifications, such as shaping or collapsing tunnels, animating insect corpses instead of summoning other spirits, and launching growths of chitin or Hive material at targets. The ready presence of limitless resources of local mana and the shifted nature of the caster strangely makes drain a very rare occurrence in only the most powerful spellcasting. Instead, the Whispers manifest more and more powerfully, with the previously mentioned risk of being overcome or even compromised by their influence.

Deckers/Virtuakinetics: Despite the lack of any local Matrix to interface with, the paradigm-adjustment nature of the Hive turns the skills of any Matrix specialist into a valuable boon. First, the local analog to the Matrix is the Whispers, a telepathic subnet of communication throughout the Hive. Specialists are able to tune this “frequency,” both to observe and jam transmissions without being noticed, as well as cloaking the presence of the team. It may be possible to intercept communications, but we hypothesize this may open equal risk to mages attempting to attune to the plane. It is also worth noting that traditional communication technology is bolstered by these specialists, allowing longer-distance contact, though at present the reason for this can only be supposed at. It has also been noted that these specialists have a knack for finding xenosites, as they register as a disruption in the Whispers.

It is worth noting that Invested Ops do not share these vulnerabilities. Matrix training is unnecessary to tune to the Whispers without recorded risk, and spellcasting is akin to similar practices on Earth, though with a substantially reduced drain effect.

- Considering all they have surrendered, it is a poor trade. They cannot return home. But if they could, or a way could be found, we would make a place for them.

- Ellis
