---
id: AW-0072
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: "Magister\u2019s Research of the Cardinal Poles"
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magister’s Research of the Cardinal Poles

To begin, yes, this is drier material that even G-Nome would choke on. But it is important in context with his work. We start with Paracelsus, a sixteenth century Swiss alchemist, philosopher, and physician. Many a mage has a copy of his Astronomia Magna on their shelf in their pursuits of higher learning. He also wrote a posthumously published book, A Book on Undines, Sylphs, Gnomes, and Salamanders, and on the Other Spirits, giving a description of a few of these elementals living here on Earth. It is a bit uncanny in his description of them. Henry Agrippa published a book about a decade earlier on the nature of the elements with similar detail, though with a huge dose of Ovid’s Greek poetry mixed in. That one, De Occulta Philosophia libri III, is another top seller for hermetic libraries.

Between the two, you can pick out this thing called the Sagani. Now, Paracelsus called the elementals collectively the Sagani, while Agrippa is more ambiguous with his artistic licensing. Further research into the trove of Etruscan writings of Penticlese (that mythical wizard the Draco Foundation lauds) on the word Sagani comes up more as a gateway than location. Extrapolating from the earlier works, I believe that there is a harmonious fourth cardinal pole, one that bridges the elements to Earth. As to why we don’t see the fourth cardinal pole in any elemental plane, it may be due to a number of factors, like mana levels, or it might require a ritual to open, who knows.

- Would it then be Sagani, the Elemental-Terra cardinal pole?

- **>** Carlisle

- No, the Pole itself is an intersection or culmination, where a Sagani is akin to an interface. In my own opinion, we do not see it because we exist at a juxtaposition both of and to it. We can interact with it at an instinctual level once we understand how.

- Marko

- Ten points for House Pixiu.

- Orange Queen

on the horizon, one can see the structure known as the Crystalwell (p. 33) from the citadel.

- The castle is a flattering representation of the citadel, though I wonder if the Dweller has any understanding of this.

- **>** Lyran

- From above, you can see the complex being divided into pie slices, with the larger buildings being the four elements. Radiating out from there are a few others: Beast, Plant, Kin, Fae, even Dis. If one studied aetherology and astral navigation, the layout is a simplified map, with the outer buildings representing those metaplanes closer to the deep astral and the inner buildings closer to the physical world.

- Winterhawk
