---
id: AW-0028
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Elemental Metaplanes
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Elemental Metaplanes

The elemental planes are far more interesting and useful to astral travelers, explorers, and (I am sad to say) industrialists. Each is accessible by ritual gateways and navigating to them is a simple matter.

The denizens of the elemental planes each embody or reflect the nature of their home plane in some way, though there is great diversity among them. The Plane of Water, for example, includes elementals seemingly made from the water itself, but many of its denizens are similar to aquatic creatures from the myths of Earth: sea monsters, merfolk, and the like. There are great cities under the vast ocean, while others are built far above the waters on frozen pillars that rise up from the deep. On the Plane of Earth, you will find spirits who resemble boulders that never seem to speak or move, as well as incredibly active spirits who conduct business in the trade houses that exchange currencies with other spirits and metaplanar travelers. Present in each elemental plane is a complex hierarchy, with the most powerful spirits acting as

tyrants or stewards of their domain. When traveling to the elemental planes, it is critical to learn as much as you can about the local customs and laws. In many cases, you will need to break these customs or laws, but it is never to your advantage to do so unintentionally. One element that is common to the people of our own plane and the denizens of the elemental metaplanes is that many of the denizens act outside of and seek to undermine the order imposed by the wealthy and powerful. I have often found that the elemental underworld tends to act much more favorably toward astral explorers than the official channels are wont to be.

I have been told that an in-depth document about the elemental planes is to be included in this anthology of essays, and so I will avoid going into further details. Be careful to remember the two keys to metaplanar travel: knowledge and humility. Both will serve you just as well here as they will when traveling the other metaplanes.
