---
id: AW-0513
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Base Environment
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Base Environment

**Fire** : Heat, fire, and smoke are the defining aspects of this type of metaplane. It may be filled with mountainous volcanoes, arcane towers built on islands in a sea of lava, or eternally burning forests with leaves and flowers made of flame.

**Earth** : This type of metaplane can vary from barren rock with crystal formations taking the place of vegetation, endless seas of sand hiding lost cities, or ordered fields of crops springing from the living verdant soil of productive farmlands.



**Plant** : All forms of plant life dominate this type of metaplane, along with entities such as arboreals and other plant spirits. It may appear as endless grassy plains, vine-covered houses high in living trees, or dense twilight jungles where animals are oddly absent.

**Urban:** Sometimes these types of metaplanes appear as endless suburban sprawls or dense mazes filled with towering glass-and-steel structures. But not every urban environment is one conceived by metahuman minds—the Hive is a massive urban metaplane sculpted by the alien minds of sapient insects.

**Beasts** : Red in tooth and claw, the metaplanes aligned to animal spirits are dominated by hunters and the hunted. The terrain will be teeming with every possible type of animal life. Endless herds of peaceful herbivores are hunted by solitary predators while flocks of birds and buzzing insects fill the air.

**Water** : This type of metaplane may express as a vast underwater expanse without a surface or seafloor, sunken cities at the bottom of an ocean, or an endless sea continually traversed by ancient sailing ships.

**Air** : The metaplane is focused on aspects of the air and the sky. It may be a weightless void of drifting vapors populated solely by flying entities, the “ground” may be solid clouds with towering castles, or there could be M.C. Escher-like floating terraces, porticos and courtyards in an open sky connected by moving stairways and arched bridges.
