---
id: AW-0289
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: No More Secrets
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## No More Secrets

Since finding the Citadel and discovering the catacombs beneath the keep, the location has become a valuable resource. Yes, most of the time an astral quest is still a good method of obtaining magical lore—you don’t need to know anything about whatever it is you want to find and learn other than what it actually is. But for those times when your quarry is very tough to quest for, going into the Citadel to see if it’s ever been quested for isn’t a bad idea. And because you can bring the scroll with you when you return, it can be used essentially as an astral quest for others. Either those kinds of Awakened who cannot project to the metaplanes, mundanes without access to the specialized rituals and powers to go there themselves, or Mr. Johnsons who want to obtain the data in a deniable fashion.

Just as technomancers can charge high rates for going into the Resonance Realms and finding lost or stolen data, we mages can now go to the Citadel and find the answer to anything anyone has ever performed an astral quest to obtain. And let me assure you all, that’s a _lot_ of lore and knowledge. The percentage of the global population with Awakened abilities has grown in recent years, and there are more mages out there than ever (albeit subpar cookie-cutter UMT exponents), so there have still been _a lot_ of astral quests completed—more every day. Granted, the percentage of Awakened who were initiated before 2070 was a lot lower, but those of us who’d pursued the greater understanding of our arts back then were more than just your average mage or shaman.

- The Citadel is not for the faint-hearted, so an astral quest of your own is likely to be easier than trying to dig the data you need from a vault. And there’s always the chance that no one has sought what you’re after through a quest. But when all else fails, or a non-initiate mage or half-mage needs something, the Citadel gives initiates an option.

- Exile

**==> picture [284 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
