---
id: AW-0379
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Plot Hooks - Expedition to the Island of Tandora
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Plot Hooks

## Expedition to the Island of Tandora

There are a number of possible reasons why a team of runners might be hired to travel to the Island of Tandora. Regardless of the objective, getting there is the tricky part. There are no free spirits capable of creating a metaplanar gateway to the Island of Tandora who are likely to be willing to make their power available to anyone who isn’t a native Tandoran. This means that getting to this hyper-metaplane requires first traveling to the Plane of Beasts, which is a bit easier to reach. If no spirits are willing to make a gateway for the runners, it can be reached by traveling through a neighboring metaplane—the Hudson Valley is only one way to get there. Getting to the Island of Tandora might require a dangerous sea voyage or negotiations for passage with some of the more powerful beast spirits, with some tricky metaplanar navigation if no help is to be found.

Once the runners arrive on Tandora, they must travel to the region that contains their objective. This might require interacting with the local Tandorans, or they may prefer to avoid them if the objective of the run doesn’t require it. Acquiring a plant or dinosaur goes much easier with Tandoran assistance, but they can be found without help with an Outdoors + Intuition (2D6, 1 day) Extended test. On a glitch, the runners encounter a hungry dinosaur that wants to eat them (or some other significant hazard). On a critical glitch, the runners encounter a hazard and become lost, adding an

additional 2D6 to the threshold of the extended Outdoors test. Tandorans know their way around the island and reduce this time to a single day with no test required—unless the runners aren’t willing to pay for their help (or perhaps don’t want them knowing what they’re up to), enlisting Tandoran assistance is the way to go.

If the objective involves Tandorans (such as negotiating for Tandoran goods and products, stealing a spice fish recipe, or kidnapping), the runners will need to travel to one of their cities. Navigating to a Tandoran city requires an Outdoors + Intuition (1D6, 1 day) Extended test. The threshold increases to 2D6 for travel to Kyoko, because it’s in the Great Jungle and is harder to find.

Use these tables as inspiration for an expedition adventure, or roll a D6 to determine them randomly:
