---
id: AW-0519
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: example of making a new metaplane
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## example of making a new metaplane

Let’s build a sample metaplane that’s a mix of assigning items and randomly rolling for others. I want to flesh out the metaplane of Glowglass. The only things I know about it is that it’s metaplane 2134 in MCT’s catalog, and that MCT has been accused of strip-mining it. Let’s assume that the magic is currently Below Normal due to MCT’s resource removal and disruption to the manasphere, dropping it down from Above Normal. We’ll say the technology level is Stonepunk and the population is Light, so they couldn’t stop MCT from taking what they wanted. We’ll also go ahead and say the society is Xenophobic now but initially it was Friendly, which made it easy for MCT to take advantage of them. We’ll go ahead and make the distance Intermediate.

So at the moment We have:

**Technology** = Stonepunk **Magic Level** = Below Normal **Base Environment** = ? **Terrain** = ? **Population** = Light **Society** = Xenophobic **Distance** = Intermediate

We’ll roll 2D6 for the base environment and terrain. A roll of 3 sets the base environment at Fire and an 8 puts the terrain as Badlands.

**Base Environment** = rolled a 3 for Fire **Terrain** = rolled an 8 for Badlands

Sounds like a good start. Let’s say we have a hot, smokefilled volcanic landscape with rivers of lava flanked by jagged cliffs. Let’s go a little further and say the metaplane gets its name from the fact the landscape is made of uneven, broken volcanic glass. Lakes and rivers of magma flow underground, lighting the metaplane from underneath, the red glow illuminating the semi-transparent ground from below. The rest of the setup for the metaplane follows from the bare stats above.

The natives of Glowglass are nomadic and live in small tribes that move from place to place hunting for the few remaining resources. The natives are all fire-type spirits and survive off the intermittent mana flows that well up from the hot underground of the metaplane. At one time, the metaplane was a trove with rare gemstones that grew like flowers, and metals like orichalcum that pooled at the edges of lava flows. All that changed after MCT moved hudreds of metahuman workers to strip away the land’s treasures and dozens of soldiers to keep the natives at bay. After a year or so, MCT finally left, leaving the manasphere permanently damaged, the land stripped of its natural resources, and the natives bitter and hostile to all outsiders.

of the Shedim—cause travelers to suffer evanescence, their Essence eroding away from exposure to the alien energies found there. Special protections must be used to stay in these locations for any length of time.

**Very Deep** : These are the most difficult metaplanes to travel to and explore. Almost nothing is known of them beyond a few names like Yith or

Migo, and they are said to be located near a great chasm in the Astral Sea. One very deep metaplane that has been partially explored is known as Roggoth’shoth. The information on it was contained in an ancient artifact, a tome linked to a mysterious figure known as Penticlese, but how he came by this information remains a mystery.
