---
id: AW-0480
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Metaplanar Gateway Ritual
page: 168
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Metaplanar Gateway Ritual

(Anchored)

**Threshold:** 6 + (2 x Distance Number)

This experimentalritual opens a temporary metaplanar gateway to the astral plane, Astral Sea, or a metaplane selected by the ritual leader. The limitations on destinations

ent commands that open passageways to various destinations.

Portals tied to ancient artifacts and sites have the widest variety of activation triggers. Some may operate by a ritual, a spell, a command, a touch, or sometimes just by someone walking near them. Some may also open on their own fixed schedule, according to the time of day, the phase of the moon, the positions of certain stars, other unknown factors, or some combination of any of

available for a metaplanar gateway ritual are the same as those for an astral gateway ritual. All current versions of the metaplanar gateway ritual are experimental and unreliable—count all 1s and 2s toward glitches when casting.

Metaplanar gateways do not cause forced projection and must be physically entered to have an effect. What can be carried though is limited by the two-meter size of the gateway, which is a fixed size that cannot be changed. Typically, only metahumans and drones can pass, but very small vehicles such as motorcycles may fit through at the discretion of the gamemaster. This ritual takes twelve hours to perform. The gateway lasts for a number of hours equal to the net hits on the sealing test, and the gateway must remain in the place where it is opened.
