---
id: AW-0014
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Darrien was a killer of dead men. - by Kevin Czarnecki - This is a story about
  dead men.
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## _Darrien was a killer of dead men._

## by Kevin Czarnecki

## _This is a story about dead men._

The lines came unbidden to Martin these days, years after the last Darrien Cross book’s release. In his dreams, in those few, loathed idle moments, in the shower, on the hunt. It was an irony that he had set out to write them entirely as a means of building public awareness about the predations of the Ordo Maximus, a plausibly deniable way to get minds thinking in the right direction without even knowing it. It had rankled his academic training, the tawdry delve into lurid “fiction” as a device, and yet it was his most lauded work—public and profitable and, perhaps, ultimately futile. He hadn’t really planned on the masses rising up to destroy their secret vampire overlords, but he might have hoped for more than fame and fortune. But then, if he had gotten his wish, would he be here, now, hunting?

_Infiltration hadn’t been easy for him. For anyone— anything—less than a vampire, it would have been impossible._

Here, in the heart of an Ordo PILLAR facility suspended like a space station in the depths of a Swiss super-cavern that wasn’t on any of the maps: uncharted,

Martin shook his head. Had to stay focused. Needed the edge. Ordo security faced inward and out, alike, not just for the sake of trust among beasts. What they worked on here was the stuff monsters dreamed of. For want of language outsiders might understand: nightmares.

The shaft had opened into a pit thousands of feet down, FAB-layered security shutters every ten feet opened for as long as the alarms stayed off, elevator doors every hundred feet. Either the lab floors were enormous, or there was just that much insulation between them, Alp stone meant to ensure isolation both physical and astral. Martin might have admired the caution if it wasn’t to conceal work that no cautious soul would ever undertake in the first place.

_The hunt was a lonely thing. Though he sometimes knew the company of others who shared his aims, they never lasted long. Vengeance was satisfied, or they died in its pursuit. He had done this longer than any other, and knew better than anyone that even in company, a true hunter was always alone._

The security layout was shockingly simple to navigate, and his research had provided every clue he needed. The Ordo was so concerned with loose lips sinking ships, so confident in their innovation, they failed to recASTRAL WAYS // DEAD MEN

**==> picture [612 x 403] intentionally omitted \<==**

ognize the paralyzing weakness they fostered: reliance on the familiar. It wasn’t a trait of vampires so much as the rich and powerful. They saw something, then sought to have it, reproduce it, maybe refine it ever so slightly. They didn’t build things so much as buy them, didn’t envision, but rather shopped as though the world was their catalog, and they would pay extra to have it just their way. _And like all of their kind, the debt was passed to the poor, the pure, the unspoiled of metahumanity. Plague, plague, plague …_

He snapped back to the present. True, he contended with a number of obsessions and compulsions, but there were more than double that number of the coping mechanisms. His entire magical tradition was based around channeling those idiosyncrasies into a kind of psychological dynamo, to capture that loose mental energy and channel it into focus. Where was his focus, now, when he stood to strike at his foe’s very heart?

His edge was insider knowledge and seeing the patterns of those they subcontracted and usurped. The PILLARs were a combination of orbital and aquacology tech, bearing all the hallmarks of the designers who had been acquired by the shells owned by the shells owned by, well, layers of plausible deniability to throw off almost anyone but him. The paths always led back to the masters at their heart, and from there, you could divine every secret, every protocol, every procedure. For example, this design of lift shaft used the same specs Mitsuhama used for their isoblock labs, where they developed their deadliest spells and experimented with their most illegal research and questionable specimens. The design had very few exploits, but they were mirrored here, small mechanical backdoors, much as a hacker might do with a program, to give the owner the edge against the intruder.

And so it went for all the security in his way. Subversions, backchannels, secret switches. The most elaborate of alterations went so far as to depend on vampiric abilities; a conceit that bordered on the painfully foolish. As though none of their genefreak experiments would want to escape, with all their power and more. Inconsequential right now, as anything here that identified as alive would soon be put to rest.

The PILLAR was large, but the shaft only had twenty-seven floors. The numerology wasn’t lost on him. Even if it had been purely a matter of scientific research, the arcana the Ordo observed insinuated itself into their every aspect of operation. Once upon a time, that had appealed to him, even soothed him. _Now it was merely pattern recognition for hunting. Killing. Ending._ The top-most floors were for secure ingress and egress, the bottom for power sources and engineering. Research became more important the closer you came to the center. If the self-destruct was activated, it would sever the connections to the cavern walls and disable the magnetic containment field for the fusion reactor at its base.



Anything that didn’t vaporize on contact with the destabilized reactor would become unrecognizable slag in a flash of 100-million-degree Celsius heat, hopefully contained by the mountain. If all went according to plan, he would be well-clear before the fields went down.

But first, he’d see what they were up to down here, both with his own eyes and with the programs Xenia had provided to him. He was no decker, but he knew how to slot a spike and let it work its magic. It reminded him of the good old days, when the Matrix wasn’t a theoretical cloud and relied on hardware and wires. No doubt the masters of the Ordo appreciated the solid, anachronistic architecture as well. _More and more, he recognized that he was far more like his foes than he ever wanted to admit. It was where his hate for them stemmed, a reflection of himself he could kill, again and again, until there was no one left but him …_

The thirteenth floor opened for him, the nominal center. His invisibility spell was already cast and anchored in a focus, his masking as sharp as anyone could want. He anticipated guards, almost certainly not the astrally disruptive cyberzombies the Ordo almost ironically employed in more terrestrial operations. Here, their very presence would tamper with the balance of energies and the results of research. Rather, he expected Infected with intelligence and skill, likely as not vampires or even drones.

_What he found was … nothing._

The post for a security checkpoint was unoccupied. The scanners still waved their infrared beams visible to his Infected eyes, but the doors were open. Automated weapons were at rest. The observation port was unoccupied. There was no sound of breath, of motion, of speech. Instead, his straining, superhuman senses detected a stillness that was disrupted only by the passive thrum and buzz of the facility systems.

_A tale of dead men is one of tombs, even if they don’t appear to be tombs. But there was life, yet, of a kind, yet of a kind Darrien had never encountered before._

Every open blast door was an offense to his sense of danger, yet he proceeded, one silent step at a time. Aerosol dispensers of sterilization mist puffed in ten-second intervals, masking his sense of smell even as _the passage seemed to breathe. The walls seemed alive, and he couldn’t shake the sense he was already consumed by something far greater, far grander than he had ever—_ stop. Stop it. Door after door revealed dissection and isolabs, storage for examination gear of every stripe, always the highest quality and caliber. A sterile, cold blue and grey of metals and smart plastics. He was sorely tempted to reach out with his astral senses, to find something, anything living, anything to shake the feeling he was proceeding into a baited trap, but the wards here were strong, surely. For all their technology, the Ordo’s greatest asset was profound, forbidden occult power, and striking at them that way in this place was folly.

He stepped into a supply room lined with refrigeration units, clear doors lit without a trace of UV. Packages of meat, bags of blood, plasma, marrow, brain and tissue of every kind, each with detailed listings of their provenance. Every one of them from Infected sources. Krieger, Jarka-Criscione, every variation of Ghilani. Dates of harvest. Dates slated for … consumption?

What the hell were they doing here?

_Darrien only fed on the blood and souls of the hunters, refusing to prey upon the innocent. It had folded_

_within him, over and over, reclaiming what was lost. He was penance for his kind._ The package details had “Manifold Levels.” Cannibalization? Generations of Infected, consuming Infected, consuming Infected, consuming …

He stepped away, shaken. Self-conscious, always, but in a way he’d never considered before. Mutation? He looked at the notes, no jacks to interface with. He turned his microcam to the notes and flipped through as much as he dared before moving on. Answers were going to come. They had to. Deeper. Before he burned this place down.

The outer reach of the lab was ahead, dark even to his vision. _The shadows were deeper, almost tangible. Thick, somehow. Did it move of its own accord, writhing around him? Hungry. Waiting … but not for long …_

A pie slice of a chamber, the walls lined with isolation cells. One-way plasteel looking in, lights illuminating a sleeping slab, a toilet. No occupants. He wasn’t alone, he knew it, but his intel said this lab was in use. The surface security was active. There had not been any major movement of materiel or personnel in a week, but supplies had been delivered for days. Outside it was masterfully hidden security, alive. Here, nothing.

_He’d consumed for so long, a hunger so deep it had become his identity, a mission worn like a mask to hide from his own reflected truth. Thirst, not for vengeance. Not for a dead wife, a murdered child, a ruined life and a thousand since. Thirst for what his nature demanded, and purer still. Richer. Sweeter. Drawing him closer and closer to a primordial truth, a sweet song set to a heartbeat rhythm …_

_Martin._ Martin. _Martin._ “Martin.” It wasn’t a thought. It was a voice. “Martin.” It was many voices.

He hadn’t felt them, seen them, heard them, smelled them. Even now he didn’t. Only the eyes. Violet and violent, shining brighter, casting razor-blade smiles in shadow. Ghouls, mostly. The needle-points of nosferatu and ivory crescents of vampires. Eyes that warped in shades reminiscent of painful ultraviolet, yet pulling, calling …

_Darrien had never seen anything like them. He was going to die. They had laid a trap, and he had walked right into it._

Martin had already drawn his knife, its runed orichalcum inlays glowing the gold of a hateful sunrise. The dark was too thick, the enemy too deep, he couldn’t count them. It was always going to come to this, a last dance in the shadows taking as many of the bastards down with him as he could. He didn’t regret that he’d had his last cigarette, or even his last kill. He only wished the last kill was himself, the last of the Infected, the tied up loose end of a tragic, horrifying story.

The chorus spoke. “Martin.”

He answered with his blade. An anchored reflex spell snapped with a Latin word spit in hate, and the world slowed. Out and out again, slashing and stabbing, always moving. They didn’t attack him. They moved as one, dodging, undulating as one organism, one mind. Half his attacks missed the mark entirely with a minimum of movement. The rest found their home, a severed arm, gray and scabrous, a leg gashed and refusing to reASTRALgenerate under his focus blade, blood slowing freely. No screams. Nothing but the silent shuffle of feet, breathing as one.

They were toying with him. They had to be. This was revenge for every Ordo he’d ever taken out, every Maximus leech he’d ever drained. He didn’t want them to have it back. He began burning the stolen souls within, increasing his speed. Time was a crawl. The spray of brackish blood from ghouls tantalized him as his thirst increased. It gave him focus. Every cut began to run into the next, a vicious checklist forming with every step. He could see individual droplets spill past his face in midair, catching the light of the eyes turned on him.

Still, they never took a step against him. He could hear the elevator arriving on this level, the soft march of more incoming. Were they under some kind of spell? A hive mind? What sick experiment had he crashed? Every eye the same. Every step in sync, as though choreographed. Not fast enough to get out of his way … unless that wasn’t the point …

Whatever it was, it had gone out of their control. Vampires and nosferatu didn’t count many ghouls among their ranks as equals. They were wearing their three-piece suits and lab coats, their ritual robes and family crests. The ghouls only had prisoner coveralls, many ragged. Numbered and labeled. Test subjects. But they all had the eyes. They all moved as one, no protection for their “betters.” This wasn’t the Ordo’s plan. This was something out of their hands, something that had broken their prized control of the situation.

“Martin.”

The words weren’t slowed by his speed. _Martin._

_Darrien felt his thirst blinding him, a scarlet edge to his vision. He knew his eyes were glowing red. Thirst was fine. Thirst would be sated when he was done. The chained dog would have its meat when it was done killing. Martin? Martin—no, Darrien was not done. Martin was not done killing. Martin was tired. Martin was listening. Martin could hear, now._

“Martin?”

He slowed, the spell breaking. They had formed a circle around him, as far as the lab would allow, shoulder to shoulder, out of his reach. He stumbled, shaken, exhausted, thirsting, knee-deep in the dead. One of the ones on the floor gave a final twitch, and its eyes faded back to white. Every other eye became just that much brighter.

He heaved for breath. “What … the _fuck_ … are you?”

They smiled.

“We are. You. We are you, and all, in time.” He shook his head, trying to muster the will to trigger another spell. His free hand grasped at the small of his back, where he kept his high-explosive last resort.

“What’s … going on here?”

Their heads cocked. “Called. Escaped without the Bridge. Trapped again. Stepped past and slipped through where they would not see, where the dragon and the thieves slipped through, small and hungry. Not easy to know, and not … yes. Not easy to do. It cost much, and there was not much time. Until you. All of you. Fertile and able. Sheltering and growing. I … we understand. We understand hunger. We understand thirst. We understand forever. Very natural, that we are together. Very natural, we should be.”

They closed in, slowly, without threat. _They viewed him with hunger of another sort, and pity, and love, and ambition. Martin had trouble hearing them. His pulse was too loud. He could only watch, hand crooked and frozen centimeters from his last resort, as they calmly began eating their own. His envy was overwhelming._

“The feast is for all. They thought I was for them. They are for me. You are for me. And now … we are for you.”

A ghoul looked up at him, a ragged scrap of the flesh of her own people caught between her sharp teeth, savor in her expression. He saw his wife. He saw his child. He saw every hunter who ever fought at his side. Angels. The red began to fade. She chewed, swallowed, offered him a severed arm, dripping.

_Darrien had been running his whole life, and for every night since it had ended. Success, then advancement. Fear, then vengeance. Hate, and now hunger. He’d always had a taste for too much. One more cigarette lit off the last of the last. One more sip of cognac when he could still drink cognac. One more chapter, one more lecture, one last pass, one last kiss._

_The feast unfolded, violet. The dark had never been darkness, but mass. Connection. He’d never noticed before, how profound it was. And there was no regret. The serpent ever grows, consuming its own tail, stronger and stronger, an infinite banquet._

Martin sank to his knees, vision changed. The red faded. There was only the purple. A last, screaming plea to stand, to fight, to avenge. He smiled. He wasn’t alone. He joined the feast.

Martin was lost.

_Darrien was where he belonged._
