---
id: AW-0290
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Practical Guide to GolemSlaying for Fun and Profit
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Practical Guide to GolemSlaying for Fun and Profit

Over the years I’ve been visiting the Citadel, I’ve only encountered four kinds of golem. However, some have universal traits that are worth bearing in mind. The first trait they all share is simple: They’re mindless creatures who pursue a singular goal— protecting the Citadel from outsiders. Every fight with a golem is always a fight to the death—they don’t run or show fear, nor can they be intimidated. They are also immune to the Fear power and similar effects, as well as mental manipulation spells.

All types are very resistant to physical damage, similar to dragons and some of the more resilient and dangerous paranormal critters. They also have an innate ability to counter combat spells, to the point that no matter how much you amp up a spell or how well you cast it, they’ll frequently ignore a little bit of whatever it is you’re using to kick their hoops.

Fighting golems is not all downsides though. Okay, it’s mostly downside. But if you’re lucky, you can pick up a dram or two of reagents from a slain golem. Don’t go hunting orichalcum golems thinking you’ll get rich from the orichalcum they drop—yes, their wreckage can be used as orichalcum, but it’s heavy as frag, and you can’t keep it. It might be possible to keep it if you used the Metaplanar Gateway power to gain access to the Citadel (I’ve not got anyone on speed dial with that power, so I can’t verify one way or the other), but that power is limited to some of the most powerful entities we know of, so don’t expect to ever have access to it.
