---
id: AW-0261
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Lesser Minotoad
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lesser Minotoad

After their bones have finally hardened into their final shape, lesser minotoads are capable of bipedal locomotion and have a vaguely humanoid shape, standing roughly one meter tall. Their legs are very reminiscent of the back legs of a frog and explain their jumping capabilities. Their hands have three fingers and two thumbs, one on each side of the hand, and both are fully opposable. I’ve seen some cyberhands from the 2050s and early 2060s that have a similar second thumb, and it always looks weird. However, the minotoads, as a species, have adapted to thesecond thumb, and it gives them a very powerful grip. Grappling with a lesser minotoad will not reveal a difference, but in later stages of the life cycle, this becomes a serious advantage.

All minotoads have the same facial structure, which looks like a minotaur with the chin sack from a frog. They also have a very long and sticky tongue, though the strength of said tongue to draw in opponents in combat at the lesser minotoad stage is very limited. Small drones and gnomes are about the only things really threatened by the lesser minotoad’s tongue. It will adhere to almost any surface and is exceptionally difficult to get off in the middle of combat, so while you don’t need to worry about being dragged across the battlefield and possibly bitten or swallowed by a lesser minotoad, you can still be entangled or generally inhibited. Do not take their glossal attacks lightly. The lesser minotoads have horns, although they are quite small. But combined with their heavily reinforced craniums, their headbutts can cause significant damage if you do not have decent protection.
