---
id: AW-0257
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Field Tripping
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Field Tripping

When I joined the faculty at Seattle University in 2072, one of my first classes was Metaplanar Studies 301. After the shock of being expected to teach what had, in the past, been a highly advanced topic to undergraduate sophomores and juniors, I put together a lesson plan.

Despite holding postgraduate degrees and doctorates from MIT&T, most of my early magical training had been hands-on and learning by doing. So, I figured I’d lean into that style for this course and arranged for astral-quest-based, instructor-led lab sessions—basically, field trips to metaplanes, that were intended to take roughly four hours in the real world. Choosing which metaplanes was easy—a couple of the elemental planes, a couple of the nature ones that are extra relevant to shamanic and druidic types, and the Plane of Battle.

I was the only faculty member who’d been there, and I wasn’t very confident any of my colleagues had the raw combat power or experience to handle this particular plane, so I led all the trips that semester.

- Even for you, Canis, that’s rich.

- Elijah

- Perhaps. But also true in this case. I’m a trained combat mage with, at the time, fifteen years of experience at slinging combat spells and getting stuck in with the best of them. To say my very academically learned colleagues were far from suited for the task of taking undergraduates on a field trip to the Plane of Battle is the Ghost’s honest truth. You’ve been there ’Hawk—you know the four-one-one.

- Canis

- As much as I hate to risk inflating Canis’ ego further, I must agree. And also say I don’t envy you taking undergrads full of piss and vinegar there.

- Winterhawk



The first field trip to the Plane of Battle was an educational experience, both for me and my students. That first group were all vetted carefully, both to exclude any whose temperament might increase the risk factors, and to ensure every single one of them had a weapon focus, that they had achieved a good level of proficiency with said weapon, and they had at least a B in courses related to a combat mindset and skill at using combat spells under fire. I also tested them myself to be as confident as I could that I wouldn’t be coming back to our plane to find corpses or vegetables. Vixen thought it was hilarious that the group of twelve was made of nine females and three males, but I really didn’t want any alpha males causing problems.

- Shocking that Canis didn’t want any alpha males along.

- Haze

- Not in this case. The group was literally in mortal danger from the first second they projected to the metaplane, so once I reviewed his decision-making process, I was totally on board! The last thing anyone ever wants is college boys showing off, ignoring their professor, or engaging in horseplay or “laddie bants.”

- Vixen

- Just how strict are the criteria? This plane sounds like it could be interesting.

- Galen

- I almost didn’t make the cut for the first trip of the semester my sophomore year. Partly because fire is not the best element to be using to combat minotoads, and partly because of the B+ I got in Advanced Apotropaic Arts 503.

- Torch

The snags started as soon as we arrived. The previous two times I’d visited the Plane of Battle, I’d appeared on a clifftop outside a small cave. This time, however, we appeared in the middle of the valley. And in the middle of no-man’s land between two opposing armies: one of minotoads and another of a group of very fragged-off beast spirits. We tried to get out from between the two armies, but the fat red blobs of rain that were coming down in sheets had made the ground a muddy quagmire to the point it slowed us down so much we couldn’t get clear. Once I realized we’d have no choice but to fight, I quickly established control over one of the beast spirits and channeled it as I told my students to prepare to defend themselves.

I was very glad for all the preparation I’d done to make sure this first group was as ready as they were, as it was only a few moments after I gave that order before both sides crashed into us. And we got firsthand experience of just how deadly minotoads can be when they want to be! Having said that, the rabble of beast spirits (I won’t call

them an army, as that’s most definitely not how they fought) was no pushover either. Within what seemed like seconds, my students had been split into groups of two and three while I was flitting between them trying to keep them alive. I was proud of those students, though, as many of them were academics who’d never had to throw a spell or draw their weapon foci in anger before, but they acquitted themselves admirably. Once we’d fought our way clear of the battle, we found a nice plateau on the valley walls and watched as we rested up. I took care of the few major injuries as we watched events unfold in the valley floor.

While we were resting and watching, we heard footsteps approaching. My students didn’t need to be told this time—they leaped to their feet and got ready for another fight as we saw a group of three spirits approach us: two that looked like elemental spirits of some kind, and another that looked like a much larger version of the minotoads we’d been fighting, except it had long tusks like an elephant as well as bovine-style horns on its head.

When the minotoad spoke to us, we were, naturally surprised. When they showed themselves to be non-hostile, I was somewhat dubious. It was definitely an eye-opening encounter, though, as we were able to learn much more about the Plane of Battle than we would have by normal means of studying and experimentation.
