---
id: AW-0247
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Viable Markets: Whispered'
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Viable Markets: Whispered

If the Whispers grow loud enough, it is possible they may be permanently embedded in a compromised teammate, which may have long-term or even permanent metaphysical or neurological effects. Such a compromised teammate may have unknown programming in their heads, astral realignment, or permanent catatonia. Treatment would be experimental, at best, and their value as an experimental subject might outstrip any price such treatment commands.

**Xenosites:** Perhaps most exciting (and frightening) is the existence of alien structures (previously referred to as xenoarchaeological sites) which have every indication of being non-native to the Hive metaplane. These often exist in the larger grottoes, with some reaching extraordinary size to accommodate those of megalithic proportions. Footage of entirely unidentified languages, non-euclidean geometry (never quite captured accurately on media), and physical samples of construction material and unidentified devices have all proven highly motivating for encounter teams. Further, it is notable that novel matter tends to accumulate in greater abundance

NEW, HORRIBLEat these sites, and they seem to be unpopular with insects for any other reason than vandalism. These regions have their own planar attunement that the Hive seems to be breaking down at a very slow rate, much like an indigestible bit of food that has no other means of expulsion. No alien biomatter has been recorded, living or otherwise, but encounter teams need to be aware of foreign radiations and energies, as well as potential traps left by their original occupants.
