---
id: AW-0357
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Guardian Spirits
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Guardian Spirits

Tandorans have a powerful connection to the spirits that inhabit the island. The dinosaur-like beast spirits are more inclined to assist than harm them—the predators rarely prey on them. While it’s possible that the denizens have become acclimated to their presence, it seems much more likely that the Great Mother’s desire for the Tandorans to thrive and be protected is at work here. Tandorans work closely with their dinosaur spirit allies, and the dinosaur tamers who bring them into the fold are some of the most important and respected members of Tandoran civilization. They help with hunting, fishing, transportation, operating huge machinery (like the tree elevators I’ll discuss later), and participate in cultural events—adding their voices or rhythmic stomping to their music, bearing riders or pulling boats during races, and even dancing.

In addition to the many dinosaur spirits that are part of day-to-day life, each Tandoran settleMIKOment is protected by a powerful guardian spirit. These spirits are often out of sight but are always near, ready to step in and protect their people from outside threats, whether they be violent metaplanar visitors or marauding carnivores. The guardian spirits do not get involved in conflicts among Tandorans—the great guardian spirit of Tandora City did not appear during the war that broke out there.

Both Hemdale and Bandit found the opportunity to closely observe the guardian spirits of Arbora, the Camp, and Tandora City. They were unable to come to a precise assessment, but both agreed that the guardian spirits were highly powerful. I asked what would happen if a conjurer ever attempted to summon them, and they both shuddered. Hemdale amended this by stating that it would be impossible. Bandit added that if it were, the summoner would almost certainly be killed by the drain it would inflict. If a powerful Tandoran were to visit the material plane, they might be able to pull it off.
