---
id: AW-0358
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Regions of Tandora - The Volcano
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Regions of Tandora

## The Volcano

In the center of the island is an active volcano, always producing a plume of smoke and slow-flowing lava. Next to the volcano is a massive interior freshwater lake. The volcano is a conical mountain with a huge maw at the top. It is active and has been for at least as long as the Tandorans have lived here. We searched for evidence of previous eruptions as we traveled the island but found none. It seems that the volcano is eternally erupting, but somewhat gently. Hemdale spent some time exploring the volcano’s interior using detection magic, and he suspects that deep within the volcano is a massive deposit of True Fire. He suspects that it comes through a portal or rift that connects to the elemental Plane of Fire, and I do not doubt him. Many of the beast spirits that live on or near the volcano exhibit qualities I would expect from a denizen of that elemental plane.

Deep in the heart of the lake is a well of True Water, which Hemdale believes to be the result of a metaplanar rift or portal further below. We were forbidden from exploring this area by the matriarch, who explained that the guardian spirit would violently protect against such an intrusion. We were only able to explore the deep waters using detection spells, so we were unable to confirm Hemdale’s hypothesis.
