---
id: AW-0079
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'Intrigue and Metaplanar Interaction - Uploaded by: Magister'
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Intrigue and Metaplanar Interaction

## Uploaded by: Magister

First impressions are important with fire elementals. Things have to spark, otherwise negotiations and conversation will fizzle. They can warm up to you, but it takes longer to build that relationship. Fire elementals have an instinct, or maybe a danger sense, allowing them to react quickly to a situation. This is beneficial to the changing environment of the Fire Metaplane. It has also proved useful against dangerous spirits such as insect and shadow. Metahumans assume that fire spirits’ mortal enemies are water elementals, but that’s more of a technicality with allergies. They have beef with emotion-sucking shadows, as fire elementals seizing the day with celebrations are the perfect victims. As for Disians, they don’t interact with them, at least not directly. It may be that DiELEMENTALsians do not see any value or threat from the fire elementals. You certainly cannot see any disruption of the elemental plane with all the chaos. It also may not be worth the effort. As an example, in the empyrean kingdoms, each is ruled by a greater emperor whose word is absolute. However, their rule is short with that crown (burning the candle at both ends, as it were), and a new emperor is crowned every few days or weeks. Attempting to curry favor with the potential next emperor for a few days is almost impossible.

Back to the fire elementals in general, they are mostly nomadic or migratory. At the cardinal poles, the dynamics change. As an example, in the city of Tramontane, the khamsin who live there are restless; fire moves, and fire consumes. So they send out their skirmishers to raid both sides of the pole. Diplomacy is limited, as neither air nor fire want to take responsibility for the khamsin and blame each other after each raid. This has dampened many joint projects and even spirit cooperation in the material world.
