---
id: AW-0078
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Tumult
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tumult

A great curtain of steam is the only thing separating the crushing depths of water above from the heat erupting below. Beneath the steam firmaFIREment is the city of Tumult, the largest black-market trade center of the elemental planes. Buildings look like a dead coral reef with narrow streets crisscrossing and many dead ends. The city would be in darkness if not for the flickering street lamps and molten neon signs. Steam occasionally hisses from the street vents as the water condenses and flows into the subterranean thermal conduits that power the city.

There’s many a speakeasy, pawn shop, and back-alley dealer waiting to prey on the naive. Authorities, however, can only catch a handful of criminals—bribery only goes so far, when the khamsin guards require a monthly quota. Refugees and fugitives across the Astral Sea will sometimes make a stop here to get what they need before moving to the next metaplane or to the material one. A rare few remain, as they are too tired to move on. Even fewer find that they can thrive.

Guttersphenx is a kindred spirit but by no means a friend to metahumans. Guttersphenx has avoided a few mages looking for them. For a decade, they’ve been running a hookah bar called the Cheshire on the relative east side of Tumult. If you are in need of some information, Guttersphenx might have heard about it if the price is right. They have a modest import/export business—how else can they get the spices desired for the hookah bar? Another place if looking for items is the Polybius, a large tavern with several exits. Many come

here for work or to gain passage to somewhere else. You have to be careful, however. Many of the drinks are made with Awakened drugs. At best, if Thadius the bartender doesn’t trust you, you might end up with “Awakened thoughts” as your subconscious projects your inner voice above your head. At worst, you might get shanghaied onto the Astral Sea to the deep astral.
