---
id: AW-0239
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: The Nature of the Parallel Universe
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Nature of the Parallel Universe

Knight may not have had any interest in bugs past killing or weaponizing them, but his teams were among the best and brightest he could recruit (by check or by extraction), and you don’t get that kind of genius without being at least a little curious. Sure, the Hive is basically a Geiger-esque hellscape filled with soul-eating extra-dimensional monsters, but it’s still off-world exploration. In what off-time they had, you bet the eggheads on the scout teams and in the examination labs were having a fraggin’ ball doing analysis.

- I dunno, Knight always seemed super-interested in transhumanism. The guy sunk a lot of R&D (and extractions) on Magus gene research back in the day. Seems to me he always wanted to become Awakened, and finding a way to use the bugs to do it might have fit the bill.

- Lyran

- Imagine coming to power in the shadow of a great dragon’s help, being privy to all his secrets. You’d probably feel naked staring down what was coming without magic. It’s no great wonder he was developing weapon systems with Ares so early on.

- Resignation

- Meaning you think Dunkelzahn tipped him off to the bugs early?

- **>** Sunshine

- It is rather convenient that Firewatch teams were ready that quickly, don’t you think? The only competition in that sector had ancient patrons of their own, like Telestrian.

- Resignation

- And we’re off …

- Snopes

The stuff you’d expect was there: potential biopharmaceuticals, theoretical mana-conversion techniques, any number of uncatalogued and otherwise novel particle elements that needed new and exciting names. They were finding stuff faster than they could identify it, let alone think of practical applications. In the moment, it was just a question of how it affected the hunt and the hunters: Will this blow up? How will this alien disease affect us? Do the bugs eat it, and can I poison it? Is this camouflage? On and on. Not much time to wonder if it restores lost metaphysical shadow or cures VITAS or HMNEW, HORRIBLE VISTAS // HIVE

**>** Oh, please no. **>** Ellis


HVV or tastes good in a breakfast cereal. You think I’m listing shit now, wait till you actually get a look at some of the research notes they’ve got!

- So … alien goodies. That’s worth cash, yeah. Cool. How do we get it?

**==> picture [56 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Wait for it, chummer.

- Red

The real banger was that the Hive is stuffed to the gills with alien material. Not “not from Earth,” alien. Alien like, “not from the Hive.” And we’re not talking the odd scrap here and there. We’re talking megaliths. Crumbled cities absorbed into ichor seas and consumed in hive material. Blast shadows of unidentifiable figures, foreign radiations, and the real sweetie: alien tech. Devices that don’t function anymore, based on principles we can recognize as technology but whose function and operation defies classification by current metahuman understanding. Really, really strange, wondrous stuff. You think the drone innovations that Deus made were worth a pretty penny back in the day? Imagine a legitimate pan-dimensional alien geegaw. Private markets, research concerns— it’s worth more than its weight in orichalcum.

- I have both the time and patience to read that whole thing!

- The Smiling Bandit

- I’ll see about sending you what we’ve got. It’s … dry. But really, really compelling stuff if you can parse it.

- Red

- Oh, that’s just plain ol’ Christmas to me, buddy.

- The Smiling Bandit

- I assume the picts are still uploading? Because I really gotta see this drek before I … oh. Oh wow. Okay. Holy shit.

- Snopes

- No, I’m with you. Holy holy holy shit.
