---
id: AW-0175
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'USER: Icarus has been logged off network'
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## *****USER: Icarus has been logged off network*****

- If true, it says to me that these Disians operate on a whole other level when it comes to metaplanar physics.

- Ethernaut

Even with this new information, it wasn’t until the McClure extraction and examination of Aztechnology data vault files that we learned the exact extent of Dis involvement on our metaplane.

And they’re only just getting started with us.

## **AZ File Excerpt, #00213 \<Partial Decrypt, Translation ON> (Original Label AZT-UV-10937565, composition date 11-05-59/0415:20 GMT)**

My security detail had secured the meet location, or so I’d thought. I don’t know how to describe it—three of the runner team I’d hired were just … hanging in mid-air, blank expressions on their faces. The other two, the street samurai and decker, had been torn to pieces by something with a crocodile-like jaw.

Then, it stepped from the shadow in the corner. It was lean, wearing a black business suit from a retro flat vid. It had greyish skin, bald head, flat face. My escorts opened fire, but one of them went slack-jawed like the runners. The other was slammed to the wall by gator-man, who snapped her delta-grade cyberarm clean off.

Then the, the bald … person … spoke. Its mouth didn’t move, but I heard it in my mind. It said it wasn’t there to kill me, but to assist me. It’d discovered that the runners were planning to betray me, and as a show of good faith it had incapacitated some and dealt with the others so I could punish them later. I tried to reply, but it felt like a hand was scrolling through my mind like an e-book.

I then felt a weight lift from my brain. It seemed satisfied and again assured me it meant no harm. I finally asked what it wanted from me. It replied: “Some introductions.”

- Wait, is this a joke? That date/time stamp is from fragging 2059? No way this is real.

- Icarus

- They’re legit—I got a chance to look at the code myself.

- Electric Blue

- Aztechnology Matrix security protocols aren’t anything to trifle with. I wonder, how many people died just trying to read these files?

- Netcat
