---
id: AW-0089
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: Illicitatum Pearls
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Illicitatum Pearls

From the dark side of the kindred metaplane, the Id, are kindred spirits dealing in thoughts and memories, things like what you had for breakfast or all your memories from one day last week. They’ll take them in exchange for the entertainment found in the city of Illicitatum. These spirits coalesce the memories into slightly glowing pearls as they take them from metahumans. The brighter the glow, the more intense the memory. Occasionally, the more valuable ones hang as trophies or are traded on the black market.

ELEMENTALdose. The cities glisten and sparkle like layers of liquid glass strung above the southern cardinal pole. Master engineers of water manipulate density and surface tension to create parts for the great engine. Here they operate massive turbines to generate multiple geysers up to the surface. Little pink limnals and even smaller neon trills circle the geysers for food and protection from the larger predators like the balneal, who could swallow a school of limnals in one gulp.

Of all the elemental spirits, water spirits have an interest in color. It may be due to water droplet refraction in making rainbows or the concept of watercolors. I mention this because, to a lesser extent, earth and fire are agnostic to color. While I don’t think they are colorblind per se, I believe their perception focuses differently than ours. Fire spirts can see and understand granularity in illumination and spectral composition, and earth elementals feel the density and texture of material rather than its color.

- Alas, it’s a bit of a legacy presumption that spirits are astral energies made manifest by the wizard’s ego, but the indoctrination into practicing magic limits thinking outside the box. I myself was arrogant in thinking I knew everything on the astral plane, until I was given Doctor Gordon’s notes on Al Azif.

- Magister

- Was?

kites tethered by the mist. Here up in the clouds live the royal brumes. With all the work being done from below, they have nothing to do but contemplate the trivial.
