---
id: AW-0039
source: Astral Ways
chapter: General
topic: 'ELEMENTAL PLANES - Earth - Posted by: G-Nome'
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ELEMENTAL PLANES

## Earth

## Posted by: G-Nome

For a time, many magicians and occultists argued whether spirits had a separate existence on their own or were manifestations of formless energies of astral space at the time of conjuring. This is relevant to the ethics of binding spirits for servitude—if they aren’t true beings, the binding feels less problematic. Prof. Leonard Montenegro’s lecture assumes the varying manifestations of spirits on the material plane meant they didn’t have their own true forms and personalities. Though this was later disputed, as spirits are known to hold grudges against cruel magicians. The problem was, no one really asked the spirits. Now, thirty years after the bugs, the shadows, and the introduction to Dis, we reflect on the elemental planes and wonder if we misunderstood them as well.

The elemental metaplanes allow us navigation through the appearance of familiarity. They have

a perspective that makes them look like they have an atmosphere above the land, allowing for a horizon and navigation that is familiar to those on the material plane. Forces like gravity and magnetics function similarly to that of the material plane.

- This sounds like G-Nome is taking some cues from Dr. Gordon, which is interesting, as previously he had no interest in those works.

- Magister

- That might have been because he was following up on the works of Dr. Mite.

- AJ

- I was wondering how he was getting around of late. Of course, he’s six years behind my own travels. As to Dr. Mite, don’t tell me he’s been researching into Zola’s Occult diary. I cringe at the misspellings alone.

- Magister



**==> picture [291 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- No one so far has gotten any intel on his research.

- AJ

- Since this is G-Nome’s work, I will alleviate your fears of inadequate details by providing my observations as well.

- Magister

- Magister? I thought you were dead or imprisoned by now.

- Slamm-0!

- No, my dear boy, such events have been temporary. Disruptions in the inevitable, as it were.

- Magister

- Who let an abomination like you back in? I heard the Danny Penkski police report.

- Elijah

- Sticks and stones, sir! I’m sure the atrocities you made with the Draco Foundation are just as justified. To the latter, well, I gave him fair warning in our first meeting.

- Magister
