---
id: BN-0011
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: Sh ifters and the Corporate Life
page: 7
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sh ifters and the Corporate Life

Evo has been a game changer for the shifter community, providing access to corporate housing, jobs, and legal rights as good as you’re going to get in this world—it’s not a mystery as to why shifters keep applying for that Evo SIN. Evo has benefi ted from the shifter population explosion more than anyone else. They’re up to half a million registered shifters and growing faster every year.

It’s not hard to see what Evo gets out of this. A quickly reproducing, rapidly maturing workforce that can regrow limbs? And Evo HR isn’t the only ones to see that. Despite the corporate propaganda, there are those inside Evo who fear getting replaced by shifters. The age old refrain of “they’re coming to take our jobs!” is as effective as ever.

**Additionally, Evo’s PR spin of accepting shifters for who they are gives them a pretty** convenient excuse to let two-year-olds enter the labor market. The classic cycle of being too poor for school, needing to go to work, but can’t get a job that will pay for the kids to go to school is as brutal as ever. And the megacorps have mastered it. Generations of shifters are likely to be trapped in a corporate-controlled wheel.

- These people are wageslaves, same as any other. Pity them, but don’t dwell on them. If they want out, the door is open.

- Omega Wolf

Shifters are a long way off from being anything more than a rounding error on Evo’s books. But it does seem like Evo is willing to play the long game. It remains to be seen if any others of the Big Ten will decide to do the same.
