---
id: BN-0093
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: 'Paydata: Actionable Intelligence - Begin Com Log: San Lucas Island, Costa
  Rica 2/4/83 10:37'
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Paydata:** Actionable Intelligence

## **Begin Com Log: San Lucas Island, Costa Rica 2/4/83 10:37**

**Mermaid** 10:37:04: By the darkest places in the trench, is this woman’s bladder made of iron?

**Waverunner** 10:37:07: External tanks down to ten minutes.

**Triple Flip** 10:37:09: If we blow an op because the mark didn’t have to pee we are so going to lose our super special agent card.

**Mermaid** 10:39:11: Finally, movement. I recognize that walk—status check and be ready.

**Waverunner** 10:39:15: No alarms. Host at normal operating levels. I am still undetected.

**Triple Flip** 10:39:16: Comms check, relay buoy is good. Squiddies on perimeter patrol. Dogfi ghters and Crackshot holding position. Mama whale on standby.

**Mermaid** 10:40:16: **Waverunner** , on my mark … now.

**Waverunner** 10:40:18: Roger. AR Out of Order up. Work order entered. **Mermaid** , you’re as private as you’re going to get.

**Mermaid** 10:40:23: Roger that … and she’s out.

**Waverunner** 10:40:26: No security alarms in the host yet. Trip, how’s the outside look?

**Triple Flip** 10:40:28: As normal. Checkpoint guards, no reaction. Security drones, no reaction.

**Mermaid** 10:40:34: Need ten more seconds to fi nish changing.

**Waverunner**

**Mermaid** 10:40:45: Okay, mark has been body snatched. Proceeding to data storage checkpoint.

**Waverunner** 10:40:47: Good luck!

**Triple Flip** 10:40:48: Don’t die!

**Mermaid** 10:40:50: Thanks.

**Triple Flip** 10:40:54: No hurry. We’re only hanging out on the ocean fl oor with mostly empty tanks.

**Mermaid** 10:40:57: You’ve got internals.

**Triple Flip** 10:40:59: Yeah, but poor **Waverunner** only has the little one hour one, then he has to hold his breath.

**PAGE** 25

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Mermaid 10:41:04: You’ll be f** i **ne. Can you focus here, I’m the one in the middle of their security** forces.

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Triple Flip** 10:41:08: I mean, how long can you hold your breath while swimming at full speed dodging torpedoes?

**Mermaid** 10:41:12: As long as I need to.

**Triple Flip** 10:41:24: Well, aren’t we just as tough as sharkskin?

**Mermaid** 10:41:28: *Sigh*

**Mermaid** 10:44:38: Okay, and one short walk later at the data storage checkpoint. **Waverunner** ?

**Waverunner** 10:44:38: Monitoring the checkpoint scanners. All green.

**Mermaid** 10:45:47: I’m through, heading to data storage.

**Triple Flip** 10:45:49: Nice work, M!

**Waverunner** 10:45:50: Good job.

**Mermaid** 10:47:02: Thanks. At data storage. Badging through. And hello, offl ine data storage. Installing tap, **Waverunner** ! Go! Go! Go!

**Waverunner** 10:47:04: Going!

**Triple Flip** 10:47:43: For those who care if their teammates drown, external tanks are empty. Jettisoning. Starting “One hour ’til **Waverunner** drowns” countdown.

**Mermaid** 10:47:45: Very thoughtful of you, Trip. Headed back through the data storage checkpoint.

**Waverunner** 10:47:51: Take your time, the datasteal will take a while. You’ve got no Matrix coverage until I can wrap that up.

**Mermaid** 10:47:55: Roger, headed over to make small talk with the wageslaves.

**Triple Flip** 10:48:02: Perimeter still clear. Skies still sunny. It’s 84 degrees with unlimited visibility. Your odds of getting sacrifi ced to an angry blood mage only 7 percent, so get out there and enjoy! This Aztlan weather report was brought to you by **Triple Flip** . Why make it a double, when it could be a Triple?

**Mermaid** 10:55:24: Running out of sportsball chat, how’s it coming Wave?

**Waverunner** 10:55:28: Almost in.

**Triple Flip** 10:55:31: Trust me, bro, either you’re in or not.

**Mermaid** 10:55:33: Uhh, why me?

**Waverunner** 10:58:12: Makin’ copies!

**PAGE** 26

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Triple Flip 10:58:13: Classic.**

**Mermaid** 10:58:21: Slow walking to the data storage exit checkpoint.

**Waverunner** 10:58:26: Data loot copied and sent off. Back in the security host.

**Mermaid** 10:58:52: At the checkpoint.

**Waverunner** 10:58:25: Scanners are green.

**Mermaid** 10:58:21: And through. Walk in the park, just need to casually stroll out the front door.

**Triple Flip** 10:58:23: Easy-peasy.

**Mermaid** 10:59:07: Exiting into the main fl oor. Headed to lobby exit checkpoi– Shit.

**Waverunner** 10:59:10: Please clarify “shit.”

**Mermaid** 10:59:12: New mage at the checkpoint.

**Triple Flip** 10:59:15: No worries. They’re watching in more than out.

**Mermaid** 10:59:18: How many selkie adept shifters do you think work here?

**Triple Flip** 10:59:20: Uh … six.

**Mermaid** 10:59:21: Uh … nope. He’s checking the astral. I’m made. Turning around and walking casual. Get me an exit.

**Waverunner** 10:59:23: Stairwell on your right.

**Mermaid** 10:59:07: Shouting! Running! Shooting!! Ahhh!!! Bleeding!

**Waverunner** 10:59:10: Squelching alarms as fast as I can, but there are too many!

**Triple Flip** 10:59:12: Jamming outside security checkpoint, Dogfi ghter three and four inbound. Crackshot locking on.

**Mermaid** 10:59:14: In the stairs!

**Waverunner** 10:59:17: Scrambling stairwell lock, Host is launching IC! Getting hot in here.

**Mermaid** 10:59:19: Headed up. Ow. Ow. Ow.

**Waverunner**

**Mermaid** 10:59:25: Until they see the blood trail.

**Waverunner** 10:59:27: Just keep moving.

**Mermaid** 10:59:33: More guards! Running.

**PAGE** 27

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Triple Flip 10:59:39: Heavy support in range. Dogfghters and Crackshot can’t help from the outside.**

**Mermaid** 10:59:42: I really need to fi gure out how to bring a gun along.

**Triple Flip** 10:59:44: Get to the conference room by the elevator bank. Wave, get an elevator. I have a plan!

**Mermaid** 10:59:46: Oh ghost, I’m going to die. Trip, this room is a dead end, and why are your plans always terrible?!

**Triple Flip** 10:59:48: Lock the door and get under the table. Two sticks inbound, impact in three … two … _down_ !

**Mermaid** 10:59:54: That … was … loud.

**Waverunner** 10:59:57: Elevator is here.

**Triple Flip** 10:59:59: Dogfi ghter three and four providing cover fi re now. Go! Go! Go!

**Mermaid** 11:00:02: In!

**Waverunner** 11:00:03: Taking you to ten. Get the bleeding under control and get changed.

**Mermaid** 11:00:05: Walkway? Aye. Bleeding stopped, changing.

**Triple Flip** 11:00:07: Status change. They did not like me shooting their building.

**Waverunner** 11:00:10: Yes, M, get to that walkway. And that is all the alarms now. And all the locals incoming.

**Triple Flip** 11:01:05: Rigger Contact! Dogfi ghter three down. Dogfi ghter four down. This is getting expensive!

**Mermaid** 11:01:15: Walkway in sight. Friendly blue ocean below. Just need help with the armored glass.

**Mermaid** 11:01:17: Trip?

**Triple Flip** 11:01:19: Busy.

**Mermaid** 11:01:25: Oh good. Even with half a fl oor exploded, they’re maintaining the walkway checkpoint,

**Waverunner** 11:01:28: Wow, that is … unexpected.

**Mermaid** 11:01:30: The stun batons seem to be helping. Trip? My ID and my face no longer match.

**Triple Flip** 11:01:32: Dogfi ghter two, making a pass in eight seconds.

**Mermaid** 11:01:34: Crackshot?

**PAGE** 28

**==> picture [142 x 57] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [612 x 80] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [239 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 330] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [477 x 100] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Triple Flip** 11:01:35: Empty.

**Mermaid** 11:01:36: Will Dogfi ghter two get through the armored glass?

**Triple Flip** 11:01:40: Probably not. Three … two … fi ring!

**Mermaid** 11:01:42: No breakage! Just spiderwebbed.

**Triple Flip** 11:01:44: Judo chop?

**Mermaid** 11:01:46: *sigh* Kat is going to kill me. Judo chopping.

**Waverunner** 11:01:48: Exiting security host.

**Mermaid** 11:01:51: Diving! Wheeee!

**Triple Flip** 11:01:52: Watch it!

**Mermaid** 11:01:53: Oww! Fuc-! **Triple Flip** 11:01:55: M!

**PAGE** 29

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 118] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Waverunner 11:01:57: Unconscious! Biomonitor says still alive! What happened?**

**==> picture [137 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Triple Flip** 11:01:59: Rigger shot her mid-dive, epic face plant. Squiddies en route.

**Waverunner** 11:02:01: Searching for the rigger. **Triple Flip** 11:02:03: Bogey four. **Waverunner** 11:02:05: Got him! **Triple Flip** 11:02:07: Me too! Bogey 4 splashed! **Waverunner** 11:02:09: He’s jumping! **Triple Flip** 11:02:11: Where?! **Waverunner** 11:02:12: Bogey eight! Bogey eight! Spiking! **Triple Flip** 11:02:14: Hold still, you fragger. **Waverunner** 11:02:16: Dat fi rewall be thicc, yo. **Triple Flip** 11:02:18: Like your mama? **Waverunner** 11:02:19: You know it.

**Triple Flip** 11:02:21:: Yeah, I do … locked! Smoked him!

**Waverunner** 11:02:23: Dumped and spiked! That fragger is pixelated Matrix dust!

**Triple Flip** 11:02:25: Mopping up dog brains.

**Waverunner** 11:02:29: Boats and jet skis inbound from the harbor. The cutter out there is making a turn. They _really_ didn’t like you shooting their building.

**Triple Flip** 11:02:31: Nope. Squiddies got a visual on M. Still out.

**Waverunner** 11:02:39: Looks like they’re re-grouping. We need to go. Now.

**Triple Flip** 11:02:48: Dogfi ghters and Crackshot headed out to Mama Whale. Squiddies on **Mermaid** .

**Mermaid** 11:03:00: Oooohhh. Yes, Squiddie, I’m glad to see you too.

**Triple Flip** 11:03:02: Gooooood morning princess! Get the hell out of there. Inbound from the harbor and everywhere else.

**Mermaid** 11:03:06: Got a watcher in astral on me, too. Need to get to the kelp grove to lose it.

**Triple Flip** 11:03:08: Roger that. Dogfi ghters and Crackshot loaded on Mama Whale, setting her to dive into the soup. We’ll lose contact once she dives. Rendezvous Alpha?

**PAGE** 30

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Mermaid 11:03:12: Aye, Rendezvous Alpha. Green fare if you want the calvary to come charging. Red f** l **are if you’re not going to make the rendezvous.**

**Waverunner** 11:03:18: Don’t know why we even pack the red fl ares, I’ll always pick “M to the rescue.”

**Triple Flip** 11:03:20: You say that now, but look at this. Right … there! Is where she goes unconscious.

**Mermaid** 11:03:22: In the middle of a fi refi ght and exfi ltration, you’ve already meme’d my faceplant and set it to Benny Hill?

**Triple Flip** 11:03:24: It’s a classic for a reason.

**Mermaid** 11:03:27: You’re the worst. Almost to the kelp grove. Get deep, meet me at Alpha.

**Triple Flip** 11:03:30: Handing off Squiddie controls. Mama Whale already gone. Godspeed. Trip, over and out.

**Mermaid** 11:03:33: Thanks. Wave, activate parting gift. **Mermaid** out.

**Waverunner** 11:03:35: Pulling in relay buoys. Activating screamers in three … two …

**Com Log Ends.**

**Begin Com Log: Tortuga Island, Costa Rica 2/four/83 11:35**

**Waverunner** 11:35:04: I know you’re looking forward to fruity drinks and beach time, but you need to look at what we pulled off that datastore.

**Triple Flip** 11:35:06: Aw, Wave! We did the job. It’s time to go home.

**Mermaid** 11:35:09: What you got, Wave?

**Waverunner** 11:35:12: Check this out. It’s just sitting there, ripe for the taking.

**Triple Flip** 11:35:14: Ooooo! I change my mind. I want that.

**Waverunner** 11:35:17: M, anyone else out this way?

**Mermaid** 11:35:19: Not that I know.

**Waverunner** 11:35:21: It looks to me like they’re relying on security by obscurity here.

**Mermaid** 11:35:23: You say security by obscurity, I say at least twelve guys with guns.

**Triple Flip** 11:35:25: Aw, c’mon, M! Day like today, they’re in a hammock, sipping on a coconut.

**Mermaid** 11:35:28: Yeah. We need to move on that now. Once the Azzies fi gure out what we stole, these guys will get orders to move.

**PAGE**


**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Triple Flip 11:35:30: It’s about two hours out, setting course.**

**==> picture [137 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Com Log Ends.**

**Begin Com Log: Unnamed Atoll, Pacifi c Ocean 2/4/83 1:28**

**Mermaid** 1:28:45: Get a close up of that one. Yeah, he’ll do.

**Triple Flip** 1:28:47: M, you sure about this? Just smash and grab?

**Mermaid** 1:28:49: Eight outside. Four inside. If the intel is wrong and there are too many, we bail. Wave?

**Waverunner** 1:28:51: I have network access.

**Triple Flip** 1:28:53: Crackshot on overwatch. Dogfi ghters on standby. Mama Whale on approach, abort now or never.

**Mermaid** 1:28:59: Nice and easy, Trip. Right … there. Wait for my signal.

**Triple Flip** 1:29:01: Aye.

**Mermaid** 1:29:07: [Distant Voice] Hola amigos! Lo sufi cientemente caliente para ti? ¡El jefe me envió por más agua, tengo que mantenerme hidratado!

**Mermaid** 1:29:12: Okay, Trip, they’re out. Get up here, fast.

**Triple Flip** 1:29:14: Here, pull me in quick!

**Mermaid** 1:29:16: Oooof! You’re heavy.

**Triple Flip** 1:29:18: That’s just my land weight. I’m half that in the water.

**Waverunner** 1:29:21: No reaction from anyone yet. Get moving.

**Mermaid** 1:29:24: Stay here, Trip. I’ll clear the rest.

**Triple Flip** 1:29:26:: Thanks M! Squiddies are covering the hatch.

**Mermaid** 1:29:28: With what, mini-torpedos?

**Triple Flip** 1:29:30: It’s not ideal. Dogfi ghter one, can back you up?

**Mermaid** 1:29:32: Too loud. And I’ve got my own gun this time.

**Triple Flip** 1:29:34: Good luck! **Waverunner** 1:30:02: Shots fi red!

**Triple Flip** 1:30:03: Crackshot engaging! Dogfi ghters suppressing fi re!

**PAGE** 32

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 118] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Waverunner 1:30:04: M! Status!**

**==> picture [137 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Mermaid** 1:30:06: I … JUST … GREW … THAT … BACK!

**Triple Flip** 1:30:08: Great, she’s gone to the bad place, deploying belly board! Wheee!

**Waverunner** 1:30:10: It’s a skateboard. M! Status!

**Mermaid** 1:30:13: That is a lot of blood.

**Triple Flip** 1:30:15: Never fear Trip is hhhHHHOLY FUCK THAT IS A LOT OF BLOOD! I can

see your insides, and I’m on the outside.

**Waverunner** 1:30:18: Guys! Get it in gear, they’re returning fi re!

**Triple Flip** 1:30:20: Setting drones to evasive. Wave, shut the hatch and make ready! Ewww—the control panel is covered in face.

**Mermaid** 1:30:22: It’s the third time today I’ve been shot. I may have been a little angry.

**Waverunner** 1:30:25: Hatch shut! Mooring lines cast off! Go!

**Triple Flip** 1:30:27: Recalling all drones. M, where to?

**Mermaid** 1:30:31: North, then west. Wave, pull up the charts and fi nd us a nice deep quiet spot for us to fi gure out the next step. And mop up some of this mess.

**Com Log Ends.**

**PAGE** 33

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**


out of. Heavy barding is similar to an armored jacket and is diffi cult to fl y or swim in. If you end up in the water, add +4 to the threshold for any attempts to swim while wearing heavy barding. An Athletics (Swimming) + Agility (5) test is required to remain afl oat.
