---
id: BN-0010
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: '> YES I CAN! > Netcat'
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> YES I CAN! > Netcat**

The largest threat to shifters comes from shifter traffi ckers. Shifters are sold into forced labor in brutal conditions that are often fatal to metahumans. They’re also sold into the sex trade, skinned for pelts, sold for research, or even dealt to private zoos. These traffi ckers prey on the young and trusting, or on smaller isolated shifter communities that lack the ability to defend themselves. Traffi cking organizations usually roll up into bigger organized crime and are well defended and equipped. In some cases, they’re bold enough to capture shifters from well-established communities in violent raids. This is one of the reasons Evo has so many shifter SINs. Hitting an isolated village in Amazonia is one thing. Hitting corporate housing and dragging off corporate SINners is another.

- These traffickers move more than shifters. They move anything and anyone to their buyers all over the world. They are soulless psychopaths who do not hesitate to execute and dump their entire cargo if it looks like they’re going to be caught. If you cross paths with any of them and can’t put a bullet in their heads yourself, please reach out. My rates are very reasonable for these monsters.

- **>** StakeNBake

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

- It wasn’t that, it was the face you used!

- Kane

  - Unexpected.

  - Red

- I still can’t believe you thought I was frolicking naked in the ocean during a job.

- Kat1234

- I didn’t, it was just … unexpected, is all.

- Kane

- Distracted. The words you’re looking for are “I was distracted. And then I hit a reef.”

- Mermaid

  - The best time to stop a monster is before it is created.

  - Many-Names

  - If your entire experience with metahumanity is viewed through the lens of extreme trauma, it’s impossible to say who the monster is.

  - Butch

  - No, it isn’t.

  - Clockwork

- I’m nekkid all the time, join me!

- Triple Flip

- Wear pants.

- Netcat

- You can’t make me!

Shifters have not been found to have a connection with the Resonance, nor are there any recorded metasapient shifters. There are no confi rmed cases of a shifter with HMHVV, nor any shifters who have expressed any SURGE qualities.

- Slamm-0!

**PAGE**


**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 118] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> <br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- **Vampire werewolves are not a thing. I suspect that the shifter’s ability to heal back from the dead is able to fight** off the virus.

- Red

- I heard rumors of a lab in Aztlan that tried cyber implantation to stop the supernatural recovery and then attempted HMHVV infection. Pure conjecture, but the possible goal would be release into Amazonia for the chaos that could cause. Potentially drive a rift between the mundane population and the shifters of Amazonia.

- Traveler Jones

- Cybered Infected shifters? Next-level mad-scientist drek right there. Pics or it didn’t happen.

- Butch

- This healing can’t be missed. Bones knit, wounds close, bruises heal, bleeding stops. If they were hit hard enough to stop breathing for a while, usually when they come to, it’s with a huge gasp for air. Shifters can’t play dead.

- **>** StakeNBake

- I can send you a tutorial on how to change your username, if you need it …

- **>** EB
