---
id: BN-0005
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: SI Ns of a Shifter
page: 4
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SI Ns of a Shifter

Confi rmed global populations of shifters are well over a million at this point, but that demographic skews very young, with over half being under ten. As shifters form communities or learn to co-exist with metahumanity, there has been a huge increase in childhood survival and lifespan compared to wild animals. This has resulted in a population explosion for shifters, especially among those species who give birth to multiple offspring.

- Totally why I came here, more nightmare fuel.

**has a signifcant dolphin shifter community, and Free Seattle has several extended families** of seals. Shark shifters tend to be more solitary, but the Sea Dragon actively recruits shifters of all sorts and is rumored to have employed several. Shark shifters are known to congregate in large numbers near Hawai’i and Australia.

- Swing by in person again sometime for a bite, little one.

- **>** Bruce

Offi cial species of shifters at the moment are: alligator, anaconda, bovine, canine, coyote, cervine, dolphin, dingo, equine, falconine, heron, jackal, jaguar, leopard, leonine, pig, primate, ocelot, owl, lupine, pantherine, reindeer, seal, snake, swan, tigrine, ursine, vulpine.

Personally, I can add rays to that list, and know people that have encountered orcas. And there are dozens of rumored or semi-offi cial land-based species.

- The list of canine and feline species I have not encountered as shifters is shorter than the list of canine and feline species I have encountered as shifters. Ursine as well.

- Omega Wolf

There are four casual classifi cations of shifters: furry, scaly, feathery, and fi ns. Not every shifter appreciates those nicknames, but they’ve stuck.

- If only the Matrix wasn’t built on cat memes, we could possibly get people to use proper classifications. But alas.

- Omega Wolf

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Clockwork

Unconfi rmed shifter populations in the wild are smaller and more scattered, but the numbers are meaningful. Amazonia, Yakut, and several NAN states make the most effort to fi nd shifter communities and individuals in the wild. Among the Big Ten, Evo makes the largest investment in shifter outreach. There are confi rmed shifter populations on every continent and major land mass except Antarctica.
