---
id: BN-0013
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: Sh ifters and Augmentation
page: 8
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sh ifters and Augmentation

It has been found that a combination of cryogenics, blood thinners, and immunosuppressants will suspend a shifter’s healing abilities for a short time—long enough to implant augmentations, anyway. Once the augmentation takes and the Essence and Magic bleeds away, you become your everyday, typical sapient animal. No shifting, no healing, no astral world. For some, this represents a tremendous loss of identity. For others, it’s no big deal.

**There have been enough cybered-up guard animals over the years that adjusting things for** our animal forms are trivial. And people have been taking pets to the vet for cyber kidneys and cyber paws for decades now. This, though, leaves a shifter dependent on someone for their interactions with metahumanity. When an animal comes through the door, metahumans react in one of two ways: either “Awww, it’s so cute!,” or screams and running. Neither of these is typically useful. I would like to assure you from personal experience, metahumans do not check their commlinks for texts when an animal comes up to them and splashes them in the face. This is a permanent change, and not one to be taken casually.

Some of us have a pod or a pack that can handle the metahuman side of things for us. For some, it’s a life mate or trusted friend. For those of you in the city, this is still hard. You’re at best a pet on a leash in public. For those out in the wild, though, you can become the master of your domain. As a dolphin that can hold their breath for six hours and reach out into water, air, and land though a squadron of robotic senses, let me tell you—there’s nothing like it at all.

- So the little fish thinks human’s toys make him master of my domain?

- Sea Dragon
