---
id: BN-0018
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: 'Step One: - Define Your Role and History to Step Two: - Select Character Priorities
  Process'
page: 9
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Step One:

## Define Your Role and History

Living as a shifter has defi nitely infl uenced your life in a different way than what metahumans or metasapients have experienced. But not all shifters have come from the same past. Some shifters are wild-born to natural animals, while others were born to at least one shifter parent living in some urban environment. Being wild-born defi nitely means that any interactions with the more urbane lifestyles will seem strange and alien.

Getting into the details, what animal you are at your heart infl uences how you see the world. It goes beyond just predator and prey, where your diurnal behavior is part of your core. Were you born in Yakut or Vladivostok? Were you born in the Black Forest in the Allied German States, where you attempted to blend in with the troll kingdom?

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**


## Step Two:

## Select Character Priorities

While shifters are born as animals, they also have a natural affi nity to a specifi c metahuman

**PAGE**


**==> picture [142 x 51] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 323] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [239 x 252] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 252] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [477 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

Coming of Age step, you design your shifter’s animal form. Choose the Shifter quality and options as outlined in Step Three and reduce your character’s available Karma appropriately. This counts as one of the two qualities you may select during the Coming of Age step. There are several new shifter-only Adult Life Modules added (see below).

form. Once this is selected during character creation, this cannot be changed. Choosing to be a shifter character is incompatible with metasapients or SURGE types. Once you have determined your metatype, then select the priorities as normal (p. 63, _SR6_ )

Shifters can also be built using Point Buy. When building with the Point Buy method (p. 29, _Sixth World Companion_ ), when you get to the “Choose Mundane, Awakened, or Emerged” step, a shifter may not choose Emerged. The Purchasing Resources step is where you design your shifter’s animal form as outlined in Step Three. There is no Character Point cost to be a Shifter, as it is covered by the Karma cost of the Shifter positive quality.
