---
id: BN-0076
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: 'Animalism - Posted by: Waverunner'
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Animalism**

## Posted by: Waverunner

A little history before we dive in. It’s suspected that shifters have been practicing animalism on some level ever since the beginning of the Awakening. There have always been tales of shifters who were better, faster, stronger, wiser, more powerful than regular shifters. Animalism had a role in some of these stories.

Animalism has always been strongest among shifter communities. Not just those of the pod and the pack, but anywhere there are a high number of shifters. The solitary predator commands great respect among most shifters. If they ask, we will gather.

Often the animalism ceremony is similar to the indigenous human rituals from near where the shifter species are found, including elements such as serene meditation, rock gardens, sweat lodges, drum circles, rhythmic dancing, and chanting. Oceanic shifters and other shifters far from metahumanity tend toward ritualistic combat for pack dominance or subservience to an apex predator. Trust me, if a shark shifter invites you to an animalism ritual and you can’t regrow limbs, just send a gift. Shifters play hard. You would, too, if tearing your heart out didn’t kill you.

My own ceremonies are long, meditative trances. The astral plane takes on an aspect of nature and connection between the participants. But even the most violent rituals have the same feeling. The astral is considerably more chaotic, but still the nature aspect shows through and the participants feel that connection. Afterward … enlightenment? Power? Sure. But the feeling of connection reverberates for a long time as well.

As shifter communities grew in size and connection to metahumanity, the traditional ceremony began to grow more elaborate. While the ritual itself typically takes just a few hours, in some circles it has become a day of celebration. The pre-party is usually pretty tame and is just a few close friends and family. Some are as wild as any Las Vegas bachelor or bachelorette party you’ve seen, but most are a small gathering and a simple meal. The after party is usually an all up affair, it has become akin to a metahuman wedding, quinceanera or bat mitzvah. Eventually our metahuman neighbors asked what the party was all about.

- You want to have a good time? Get twenty dolphins drunk. These parties are the highlight of the year for most of us.

- **>** Triple Flip

Non-shifters were invited to watch, questions were asked, pictures were posted on social media, and eventually the attention led to a formal study. MIT&T published its fi ndings in 2075 using the name animalism, which had been in common use among English-speaking shifters.

- I’ve witnessed a couple of these ceremonies now. There is something more happening there than just revelry. It’s subtle but there is a power being created or tapped.

- Winterhawk

- Gee, thanks. You do know we’re dual natured right? But good on you for confirming what every shifter child knows.

- **>** Omega Wolf

The power is somewhat fi ckle and doesn’t interact well with cybernetic augmentations. I’m also unaware of any adept or magician who has been able to tap this power. I can personally confi rm that pharma works, whether it’s the latest and greatest chemistry or the mushroom-fueled shifter mystery potion.

- Yeah, drugs absolutely work just fine for shifters. Out in the bayou on a fan boat, and a four-meter gator hopped up on novacoke and kamikaze comes out of the water and damn near takes my leg off. I managed to get a couple large-caliber rounds into him courtesy the emergency hand cannon, and I watched him sink below the water. How do I know novacoke and kamikaze? Almost an hour later, I’m at the only street doc in thirty kilometers getting stitched up. Eighty-four stitches, if you need to know. This mountain of a troll walks in, street doc gives him the stink eye but says nothing. I am informed in no uncertain terms am I to return to that particular patch of swamp. He hangs out while I get sewn up. We stop at the (again only) bar for a few rounds, talk shop including the details of his preferred cocktail, and then he walks me to my car and watches me leave town.

**>** Hard Exit

- Psyche, cereprax, and such all work just fine as well.

**>** Wave Runner

**PAGE**


**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**
