---
id: BN-0108
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: Shiawase Aquatic Operations Buoy
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Shiawase Aquatic Operations Buoy**

- **I know, I know, I screwed up. I’m sorry. The boys are bringing you a present.**

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Mermaid

(Small Aquatic Drone)

Ever wondered how underwater riggers get anything done? Doesn’t the water cut off Matrix signals almost immediately? Yes, it does. Shiawase has a solution. This is a bowling ballsized drone that includes a Matrix relay, custom fi lters, 100 meters of shielded data cable, and several antennas on a spool. The custom fi lters are specifi cally calibrated to reduce Matrix interference from water. This drone usually fl oats just barely below the water’s surface, trailing its shielded data cable below to a rigger on the other end. The cable is tough enough to handle passing fauna, but if something bigger than a house cat decides to take a bite, it’s gone. The antennae can be deployed to establish a limited underwater network—roughly 50 meters in diameter in calm waters. The buoyancy of the drone can be adjusted to have the drone fl oat at depths up to 30 meters. This lets a surface craft stay in touch with any underwater drones and divers without a hardline. The fi lters are the real magic. The antennae are charged and lightly ionize the surrounding water, basically turning the whole area into a big receiving dish. It’s like an electrical spider web that tingles when wireless signals hit it. I know one hammerhead shifter that says the thing feels like a feather duster in his nose. Additional data ports and cables are available.

- Kat? I’m really sorry.

- Mermaid

- Wait, what? Is that drek coming out of Costa Rica your fault?

- **>** Kat1234

- Yes. I was shot, and bleeding, concussed by a missile barrage, and I needed a pretty face.

- Mermaid

- Flattery? Really. Once was funny. This is not. This is yet another Aztlan death squad with *my* name on it, not yours!

- Kat1234

- Hold on, how … uh… Waverunner?

- Kane

- ”The Most Wanted Man in the World” really should keep a lower Matrix profile….

- /dev/grrl

- 1,500 meters off your starboard, depth 50 meters.

- Mermaid

- Where did you get … that?

- Kane

- The boys may be a couple of sophomoric knuckleheads but they can come through when they put their mind to it. We even?

- Mermaid

- Oh yes. That’ll do. That’ll do nicely. There may even be another score we can even out now. Although they won’t appreciate it as much.

- Kat1234
