---
id: BN-0096
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: 'Tro de Patch - S hifter Barding: Light or Heavy'
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tro de Patch

## S hifter Barding: Light or Heavy

Not that you’ll catch me wearing this stuff, but others swear by it. This is the custom armor produced by a couple places around the world, designed for your animal form. Given shifter variation and needs, this is the way to go. It takes a while to get it, but it works better than whatever cobbled-together custom cosplay outfi t you’re going to be able to get on your own.

Light barding is for featheries, fi ns, and any aquatic scalies. You can swim and fl y in this stuff. It doesn’t protect much, but hey, it’s got pockets! The heavy barding is for furries and terrestrial scalies. Neither of these go back and forth between forms at all. If you’re lucky, you’ll just rip it off, but if you’re unlucky you’ll be tangled up and slightly crushed. The light barding is designed to be slipped on and off quickly. It’s basically an armored harness that most shifters can quickly crawl into or out of. Heavy barding isn’t complicated, but most non-primate shifters will need assistance with it.

If for some reason you need to put armor on regular animals, this works for that, too.

The maximum rating of heavy barding that can be worn is equal to a character’s Body attribute.

Light barding can be put on or taken off with a single Major Action. There is no penalty for wearing light barding while swimming or fl ying.

Heavy barding requires hands and two Major Actions per rating point to get into or

A set of trodes installed in a small round patch about a centimeter in diameter, with a tiny nubbin of an antenna and a reusable StickieStuff backing. Gives you a DNI (direct neural interface) connection without the hat, wig, or helmet, as long as its’ in contact with your head.

- These will stick with you while you shift. On our furry friends these usually disappear in the floof. Metahumans can stick them on the back of their neck under hair or collars easily, or just put ’em right on your forehead. They are noticeable on those of us without the fuzz if you’re trying to pass as natural. Featheries look like a bird with an antenna glued to their head, but they still work.

- **>** Waverunner
