---
id: BN-0008
source: Bestial Nature
chapter: General
topic: Pack politics
page: 5
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pack politics**

Shifter physical development hews closely to their animal counterparts. Emotional and social development are often more rapid than seen in metahumans, but the more technical or academic pursuits still need time.

- While physiological development is accelerated and the social and emotional control centers of the brain are fully developed, actual life experience is still missing. A threeyear-old wolf shifter is physically grown but still only has three years of life experience and education to fall back on.

- **>** Butch

This perceived lag in development (from metahumanity’s perspective) contributes to the continued shifter stereotypes. Shifters that lack social graces or technological skills aren’t barbarians. Usually, they’re just young.

Even in shifter-friendly metahuman cities, there simply aren’t education programs set up for four-year-olds with kids and a job to learn fractions and memorize NAN capitals or the dates of the Eurowars. These things are ad-hoc affairs set up by individual shifters that tailor things to the needs of individuals. Even “shifters” aren’t a homogeneous group in this regard, as different species have different development curves.

This results in young shifters holding down menial jobs or working less-than-legal options. Security is the most obvious route, along with related fi elds of border and customs, bouncers, etc. for young shifters.

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Yakut

Additionally Ares, Horizon, and Spinrad Global off er a provisional SIN to shifters pending motions before the various board of directors. Presuming the motions pass, the provisional SIN will become offi cial. How the motions go likely depend on the board’s perception of how successful Evo is with shifter integration.

- You see a fox tail on one of the checkpoint guards? It’s time for plan B. Most shifters have a nose better than any chem sniffer on the market.

- Ma’Fan

Of minor concern are the assorted metahuman laws around age. Shifters consider themselves adults when fully grown, which varies by species. Most places, though, have laws about selling beer to seven-year-olds or letting them drive. Shifters as a group tend to do what comes natural or fi gure it out as they go, but that leads to friction in metahuman society.

There are shifters who urge a more whenin-Rome approach. Try to fi t in more, keep kids at home until they’re able to complete an education, and so on. These voices are in

**PAGE**


**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**
