---
id: BS-0118
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Cybertails
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cybertails

The state-of-the-art options in the 2080s for adding a tail to one’s body lie in bioware and geneware. However, the classic chrome look never goes out of style, and only cyberware can deliver the pastel motif that is all the rage in Harajuku. Cybertails are controlled by processors implanted at the base of the spine and receive input from the user’s subconscious mind, often twitching about without the user’s awareness. A user with a cybertail pays ten percent extra for any worn or fitted clothing (p. 246, _SR6_ ). They are available in four types:

**Balance tail:** A balance tail grants the user the Catlike quality (p. 71, _SR6_ ). If they already have this quality, they gain +1 die in addition to the bonus Edge.

**Prehensile tail:** A prehensile tail is more invasively connected to the user’s nervous system. This allows the user to control the tail as if it were an additional limb, but it has 1 Strength and 1 Agility and cannot perform tasks more complicated than picking up or holding an object. A variant of this augmentation can be installed facially, resulting in a prehensile, elephantine proboscis.

**Swimming tail:** These tails can take the form of a paddle, a long flat crocodilian tail, or a piscine appendage that terminates in a fluke or fin. No matter the form, a swimming tail grants +2 dice for Athletics (Swimming) tests.

**Thagomizer tail:** Like the prehensile tail, a thagomizer tail is under conscious control. It cannot manipulate or grip objects, but it is powerful, armored, and armed with vicious spikes that can be employed as a weapon. An attack uses the Exotic Weapons (Thagomizer) skill, and the user’s own Strength and Agility. It does DV 4P, AR 8/—/—/—/—, and increases the user’s Defense Rating by 3.

**Cyberware overdrive** : Gain +2 dice on a test made using the cybertail. One of these dice must be a wild die.
