---
id: BS-0493
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Adrenaline Pump
page: 142
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Adrenaline Pump

The adrenaline pump is a common augmentation for critters, but the critter version is most often combined with an implanted bio-monitor with an auto-injector. The critter’s food is supplemented with an adrenaline inhibitor that prevents the adrenaline pump from becoming activated on its own. When the critter’s handlers want to activate the adrenaline pump, they issue a command to the auto-injector, which releases a specially designed stimulant that overcomes the adrenaline inhibitor and activates the adrenaline pump. The downside to this method is that the adrenaline inhibitors tend to make the critter somewhat listless most of the time, which can make training and exercise more challenging. For this reason, adrenaline pumps are rarely installed in pets or working animals; they are most often installed in critters that are used as part of a security response.

**Game Information:** The adrenaline pump functions exactly as described in the _SR6_ core rulebook (p. 291). Adrenaline inhibitors cost 100 x the critter’s Body attribute in nuyen per month, and the adrenaline pump activation drug costs 50 x the critter’s Body attribute in nuyen per dose. A critter that is under the effects of the adrenaline inhibitor is less active and not as responsive as they otherwise would be, lacking its normal levels of motivation and interest. No Edge may be spent on behalf of the critter, including on training tests. Furthermore, the threshold for all training tests is increased by 1, and the interval is doubled.

If the critter is not under the effects of adrenaline inhibitors, the adrenaline pump will kick in whenever they get excited (GM’s discretion). A critter can be trained to suppress its adrenaline response, which allows it to make a Composure (3) test to prevent activating the adrenaline pump when it is not commanded to. The critter must also be trained to intentionally activate its adrenaline pump, which takes a Minor Action. Adrenaline pump training requires twice as much effort as most other forms of training, effectively counting as two tricks.
