---
id: BS-0016
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'The rule functions as follows: - Runners must make an Essence Loss test, Essence
  + Edge (3) (round Essence down for this test) if:'
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The rule functions as follows:

## **Runners must make an Essence Loss test, Essence + Edge (3) (round Essence down for this test) if:**

- A runner suffers significant, permanent damage (for example, losing a limb, needing to be resuscitated from injury, or exposure to particularly nasty, corrosive, or corruptive substances).

- A runner experiences sustained and damaging physical, psychological, or magical abuse. Before introducing these themes and events into the game, be sure to discuss this with your group to ensure everyone is aware that these may be part of the story.

- A runner has been addicted to a drug for more than a month if that drug increases or reduces a dice pool by more than 2 dice.

- A runner has a Street or Squatter lifestyle for more than a year.

If a runner fails an Essence Loss test, they lose a point of Essence. Note that it is more likely for someone with low Essence to fail the test, potentially leading to a spiral.

A runner can permanently burn a point of Edge to avoid the effects of a failed test, effectively trading luck for Essence.

Runners who lose Essence in this way can regain their Essence through the Revitalization and Auric Therapy treatments and may be eligible to pick up the Essence Regrowth quality with the approval of the gamemaster.

aura that matched with a mermaid, and had a tail implanted, that might restore essence, however, essence might be lost again if that tail had a concealed automatic weapon included.

WHAT IS ESSENCE? // Augmentations, Essence, and the Meaning of Life
