---
id: BS-0326
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: "> \u2026 and a terrifying time for the rest of the world. > Slamm-0!"
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** … and a terrifying time for the rest of the world. **>** Slamm-0!

You’re not wrong. Remember that HMHVV is an Awakened virus. On its own, it can rapidly rewrite the metahuman code and reorient bodily processes and organs. This kind of power over metahuman DNA is incredible and should not be taken lightly.

“Gene infusions” have been used to take on temporary mutations in the past, allowing RNA to temporarily write over existing DNA for a short-term benefit. But now, it seems that permanent transcription from these processes has moved from lucky fluke to repeatedly feasible. This could lead to some really positive breakthroughs in the world. Evo has had a great deal of success splicing mammalian DNA from grass-eating primates into human appendices, allowing test subjects to process grass as a viable food source.

- And word has it that this is a very cheap process.

- The Smiling Bandit

- … which they will sell to impoverished nations for millions.

- Mihoshi Oni

But similar transgenic infusions are being used rampantly (many would say recklessly) in the Ethiomalian Territories. They are distributing doses that cause drastic mutations with very little pre-screening.

- I know a doc in Mogadishu who will hook you up with a leopardskin dermal and cat eyes for a “government discounted rate.”

- Cosmo



- Yes, I’ve heard a little bit about that. Is that the government offering transgenic upgrades for citizens who are willing to enlist for a few years? It’s been quite a media campaign there.

- **>** KAM

- Super-soldier shock troops on the cheap. I wonder who they’re mobilizing against?

- Bull

- Annexing areas of the Congo Tribal Lands would be my first guess. They’re not terribly organized; Ethiomalia could probably hold some territory. Maybe share some of the DMZ with Kenya? Get some access to water from Lakes Albert, Victoria, or Kyoga?

Some transgenic infusions take advantage of these “spaces,” like one that infuses areas where coccygeal projections would occur for tails. Mammalian ancestors had them, and there is room to have them again. This mammal-on-mammal technique often has the best chance of success in metahumans, but there have also been successes with some reptilian traits. Other transgenic crosses with more widely divergent species, like mollusks, are not unheard of, but they are less common and run higher risks of rejection.

- What about bug DNA?

- Butch

- Cosmo

- Assuming Kenya is willing to share. Then again, I’ve heard ET’s “Unleash the True Africa” transgenic media campaign. I’ll bet a number of Kenyans will sign up for ET’s army.

- Netcat

The success rates of gene infusions are much higher than five years ago, and the cost savings can’t be overstated. The atavistic lineages that have seen the most success come from mammalian DNAs, particularly ones that metahumans were more closely or recently related to, from an evolutionary standpoint.

- Atavistic?

- /dev/grrl

Atavism is the recurrence of a trait or characteristic more typified in an ancestral form of the creature.

- A throwback? Like the ports you saw on old Ares Predator IVs before they released the Vs, when they were transitioning to wireless.

- /dev/grrl

Essentially. And just like that, if you pop open the modern version, you’ll see the spaces Ares left for the wired port adapter.

- Why leave the space?

- /dev/grrl

- Talk to your local Ares Firewatch team about that.

- Clockwork

Insect possibilities have been put out there, but they have been rapidly dismissed. Many corporations don’t think there would be a market for them because of recent issues with insect spirits in the public eye.

- So you’re saying if there wasn’t such bad PR for insect spirits trying to destroy our world, the megacorps would sell us bug parts?

- Clockwork

- Probably.

- Hannibelle

- And what about paracritter transgenic infusions?

- Nephrine

Still uncertain. The point is, at costs that are at least half that of standard bioware, transgenics present an attractive option to some people. But the long-term benefits are still murky. While it is very likely that the gene infusion will be successful, it’s also equally likely that after you get today’s quick-fix infusion, you will be receiving permanent gene therapy or face rapid onset cancer ten or twenty years down the road.

- So you get the benefit of a cheap body upgrade now, but they hit you later as a permanent subscriber of their drug plan.

- Bull

- Cost savings. Why redesign the grip and retool your factory if you can just stop installing the adapters?

- Hannibelle

Essentially. And just like your firearm, there is “space” for that trait to reappear. The ancestral trait was basically lost via evolutionary changes, but can be re-expressed through mutation, genetic manipulation, or infusion. They pop up occasionally in populations. Color blindness or supernumerary nipples are atavisms.

- Bet you that’s not covered in a DocWagon contract.

- Netcat

Probably not.

- Assuming you’re not subscribing to the “run fast, die young” attitude.

- /dev/grrl



**>** Our profession is not conducive to old age.

- Many-Names

Not to mention some of the social and psychological impacts that often come along with upgrades.

- Why is that stupid?

- Many-Names

- Because I was never a T-rex in a previous life.

- Clockwork

- Oh, that would have been wiz.

- Such as …

  - Slamm-0!

- Butch

A certain degree of mental instability is sometimes caused by internal hormonal changes. Increased social isolation occurs because metahumans don’t want to interact with even more inhuman metahumans. That’s where transgenic infusions tend to find their customers: the ostracized. It’s used a lot for those metahumans who are already marginalized or rebellious and want to stand out, people looking for cheap or quick upgrades and not thinking about the long term.

- So, tattoos, piercings, and transgenics have the same market?

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

  - Listen! We are NOT descended from reincarnated T-rex souls.

  - **>** Clockwork

  - Then why do some Awakened call out to totems, or those totems and mentor spirits call out to them? Too often metahumanity forgets it is a part of the natural world. Too often, we dismiss legends. We don’t make the effort to understand, or we dismiss as fanciful impossibilities like immortal elves and worlds before the Fifth and Sixth. I’ve even heard whisperings of atavistic gangs beginning to form in the NAN led by beast shamans.

  - Many-Names

  - And what about metahumans with drake lineage?

  - Dash

- Well, if society is going to hate me for being an ork, I might as well be an ork with goat legs who can spit venom and sport a nipple ring!

- Slamm-0!

- There is also the theriomorphic aspect of this.

- Many-Names

I was getting to that.

- The what?

- Damn. You have a point.

- Clockwork
