---
id: BS-0334
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Moderate transgenic cosmetic infusion
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Moderate transgenic cosmetic infusion

Essentially an upgrade from the minor transgenic cosmetic confusion, the moderate version is more pervasive and extensive. Almost on par with the level of paradiversity found in SURGE metahumans, the moderate infusion creates some very distinct and non-metahuman changes: cat-like or reptilian eyes, distinctive fur/scale/feather patterns covering most of the body (or potentially loss of body hair depending on the animal infusion), redefined jaw lines, etc. Nonetheless, the individual is still bipedal and recognizable as metahumanoid. Moderate infusions are incredibly painful transformations as bones realign, muscles undergo significant changes, and new hormonal balances are established through the effects of the nanite and HMHVV delivery systems. Typically taking a week to occur, individuals should ideally be monitored in a hospital, strongly sedated and cared for. More budget-conscious ways of dealing with this transition period can involve chaining people to beds or locking them in cells as they scream in agony _._ Individuals going through this transformation process suffer massive penalties—they take a –2 dice pool modifier to all actions and cannot gain or spend Edge. Strong painkillers will reduce this to a –1 dice pool modifier and allow the use of Edge Actions and Boosts, though Edge still cannot be gained.

The moderate transgenic cosmetic infusion can either be purchased separately or occur as a side effect of other transgenic infusions. Regardless of how this occurs, Essence loss happens _in addition_ to any other Essence loss incurred by transgenic infusion. This Essence loss is 0.2. Moderate transgenic cosmetic infusion does not count toward your limit of transgenic modifications.
