---
id: BS-0461
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'TAMING THE WILD - Posted by: Moreau'
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## TAMING THE WILD

## Posted by: Moreau

Many of you may know me as a fixer for the Draco Foundation. It’s no big secret that I’ve often hired runners when necessary, but that isn’t what I do every day. Fixing is why the Draco Foundation puts up with me. The reason I put up with working for the Draco Foundation is the opportunity to study, and in some cases train and work with, paranormal animals. That’s what I’d like to think of as my true calling, and it’s kept me damned busy in between arranging the occasional shadowrun. I guess that’s why Bull tapped me to share some of my knowledge on the matter, though I had to reach out to more than a few discreet sources to get this much intel. I don’t work with augmented critters all that much, and the truth is that I find the concept more than a little distasteful. Metahumans have the ability to make an informed decision over whether or not to get augmentations, and there’s just no way to acquire that from an animal. That being said, there are a lot of people out there who

feel differently than I do about it, and I try to keep up with what they’ve been developing over the years.

- All right, everyone. While I appreciate and agree with your sentiments, the flood of comments from so many of you regarding how offensive and unethical all of this is doesn’t add anything useful to the conversation. You can be sure that Moreau hates that this drek is out there as much as you do, and so do I. We’re posting this so you know what’s out there, not to promote it. Since I’ve had to spend the better part of the last forty-eight hours cleaning up the comments so the original text doesn’t get buried, I’m going to lock out all further comments. Thanks for caring, but for dead Dunkie’s sake, I’ve got other things to do with my time.
