---
id: BS-0269
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Symbionts
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Symbionts

Symbionts are bioengineered parasitic life forms designed to take nutrients from the host but provide benefits back. This once-promising field was unfortunately cut down before it could make huge gains. Luckily, a few symbionts were created during those early years, and they have continued to be developed and sold. Due to the nanopocalypse, people are a bit leery of keeping technology inside their bodies that could start thinking for itself. The idea of sharing one’s body with another organism tends to cause a visceral reaction for most of metahumanity, even when the creatures in question have proven fully benign. Ongoing issues with CFD have not helped, and most of the more obvious symbiont form—such as the leech symbiont line—have been put into storage for at least a few years, until the market is friendlier to a new rollout. Turns out that you can have a cat head or a metal arm and people mostly shrug, but if you have some bug squibbling along your arm, people tend to react badly.

The remaining symbionts are almost entirely of the endo- variety, introduced into the host’s body and allowed to do their thing sight unseen. From what I understand, the larger ones can be felt moving from time to time, but I’m told that this is mostly psychosomatic.

The only active leech symbiont is the cleaner, which I’ll talk about shortly.
