---
id: BS-0174
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'Transhuman Society Datapoint - Biotech Timeline: Fast Facts'
page: 54
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Transhuman Society Datapoint

## Biotech Timeline: Fast Facts

- **1919:** Karl Ereky coined the term “biotechnology.”

- **1977:** Biotech is characterized by recombinant DNA technology. The prokaryote model, E. coli, is used to produce insulin, somatostatin, and other medicines.

- **1980:** Patent for oil-absorbing bacteria by Exxon Oil approved by the U.S. Supreme Court.

- **1988:** First patented animal (the Onco mouse).

- **1994:** FDA approves the first genetically modified foods.

- **2003:** GloFish, the first biotech pet, hits the North American market. Specially bred to detect water pollutants, the fish glows red under blacklight thanks to the addition of a natural bioluminescence gene.

- **2011–2020:** Many metahumans draw on cosmetic surgery and experimental bioengineering techniques to remove phenotypical metatraits.

- **2018:** The so-called “magus factor” is theorized, laying the foundation for the development of “mage-netics” research.

- **2025:** First complete gender transition by bioengineering without the assistance of cosmetic surgery.

- **2032:** The discovery of the unique genotype of Owen Whiting revolutionizes organ transplantation and sparks a new interest in xenograft transplantation and biomimicry of non-human organs and traits.

- **2034:** Type-O organs developed by Shiawase are granted a patent by the Corporate Court.

- **2042:** Force-growth of wimp clones on a mass basis becomes feasible. First bioware augmentations are reported in military and security personnel.

- **2050:** First mass production of commercial bioware and biotech products, spurring research interest and improvement of biomedical techniques.

- **2056:** Biotech giants subsume several major food companies; edible goods are produced mainly by biotechnological means. Most mass production foodstuffs are based on soy, lupine, krill, algae, and mycoprotein.

- **2061–2062:** The SURGE phenomenon draws a great number of people to biotech clinics to remove changeling traits or create cosmetic changes to appear as one.

- **2069:** Symbionts reach the mass market.

- **2070:** The new Wireless Matrix is up and people start moving back toward cyberware. Bioware industry sees reduced sales.

- **2074:** Universal Omnitech proves the Zimmerman Method of Biosculping provides body modification procedures without the cost of Essence.

- **2079:** SURGE-like bioware starts becoming available in larger quantities in the open market.

- **2081:** The blackouts sweeping the UCAS push a new wave of bioware preference over cybertechnology.
