---
id: BS-0199
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Metabolic Arrester
page: 60
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Metabolic Arrester

Similar to the suprathyroid gland (p. 292, _SR6_ ), the metabolic arrester is a regulating gland grown on top of the thyroid gland. Under conditions where the body seems to be suffering from massive trauma, as measured by a severe drop in blood pressure and the presence of high levels of endorphins, the metabolic arrester supersedes the thyroid’s metabolic functions, drastically decreasing the body’s metabolic rate. As the heart and breathing rates slow to minimal levels and the body’s temperature drops, the character takes on a death-like pallor. The lowered body

functions help stave off the effects of trauma and reduce bleeding.

Use of this requires caution—if your teammates don’t know you have this augmentation, you could be left for dead at the scene when all you’re doing is resting and trying to recuperate.

When a character suffers more Physical damage than they have boxes in their Physical damage condition monitor, the metabolic arrester kicks in and places the body in near-metabolic stasis. The body’s metabolic processes are slowed by a factor of five. A character with this bioware can take two extra boxes of Overflow damage (p. 121, _SR6_ ) before they are considered dead. The metabolic arrester is not compatible with the suprathyroid gland (p. 292, _SR6_ ) or adrenaline pump (p. 291, _SR6_ ).
