---
id: BS-0351
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Drug Cocktails and Overdosing
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Drug Cocktails and Overdosing

At some point in your career, either you or someone you are running with will get whammied with two drugs, or maybe they will decide to take two or more different drugs at the same time. A common one I’ve seen in the field was when our street sam was high on K-10 and had taken a bunch of damage. Of course, when they go down, you’re going to slap them with a trauma patch or a stim patch. Those drugs are going to interact, and you can never really tell how they’re going to combine. I’ve seen where nothing happens, but I’ve also seen someone take more internal damage.

Now, I alluded to people combining drugs on purpose, also called speedballing. One that I’ve seen for paracritter hunters is grey’s resistor, guts, and nitro. They want the ability to resist magical attacks and fear, but they also need that combat bump. Sometimes the combo works in their favor, with effects like doubling the length of your high. But it can also hurt you later, possibly by making that crash last longer. Sometimes, it can kill you.

**>** I saw a troll who swore by her primo combat mix. I don’t know what all was in it, because she was being secretive about it. First time out, she shoots up and promptly passes out. I had to drag her hoop out of there before the hounds decided to have some dinner. Turns out she was running on street-cooked drek and, like, four different drugs. No. Just no.

**>** Borderline

Another thing I’ve seen too often are overdoses. I’d be happy to never have to deal with another overdose again, but I don’t think I’ll be that lucky. It’s just part of the problem of doing drugs and being addicted. It’s made worse when frequent users develop a tolerance for the drug and need more to get their high. If it’s not because they need the extra doses to feel the same high, the main reason I’ve seen is when they want to try to extend that high. Stim patches are common. You can totally extend the duration of the drug by taking another patch a few hours after the first, before the first dose wears off. The problem is that sometimes you hit a point where your body can’t take it, and it does some serious damage to internal organs.

My recommendation is to work as a team. Someone on your team can help give you another dose once the first has worn off. Or better yet, don’t take that second dose.
