---
id: BS-0007
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Handsome 4.0 - by Malik Toms
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Handsome 4.0

## by Malik Toms

Denver stank of magic, and that made Charlie nervous. Hell, working this far out of Seattle always made Charlie nervous. He didn’t know the shortcuts, the escape paths, the underground networks to get him what he needed and where he needed to be. It wasn’t the same for Ladybug. Despite her twenty-eight years, she was still a kid. It didn’t matter to him that she’d been running since she was twelve. He’d started not long after his sixteenth birthday himself, faked paperwork to get into the Sioux Army, used his adept talents to work his way up the ladder until things unraveled. That unraveling stuck with him. It made Charlie want to know all the angles, all the players. More than anything, it made him want to stay out of the PCC.

“Denver isn’t the PCC.” Ladybug looked over at him from the passenger seat. Her black hair was down and wavy in the style most socialites were wearing this month. She finished the disguise with red lipstick and nanotattoos coded to make her eyelids darker and her eyebrows stand out.

“Might as well be,” he said. Their candy-blue Westwind slid up to the top of the hillside street and eased itself into park with a mechanical click. Back where Charlie grew up, a car like this stuck out like

an ork in Kansas. Here, they called it urban camouflage.

Arvada Village clung to the edge of the PCC sector of Denver. Hilly and wealthy, the suburb was deeply corporate, yet it made every effort to not appear so. On both sides of the road sat rows of nearly identical multi-story homes with matching front porches and balconies. Be it style of shutters or color of the railings, each home had its own flair to indicate that the person living there had put their own spin on the base design. He wondered if they had to do that to remember which house was actually theirs.

Ladybug sighed and said, “Just this once, can we not make the run about your personal issues?”

“Well then, let’s talk about how Kai-lin left us out here with no magical overwatch.”

She rolled her eyes. “I know the script, omae. Twoman team with magical overwatch has to be the standard in places like this. Squad size helps the operatives blend in. Magical overwatch provides protection against the things field ops can’t see coming.”

He fought off the urge to grimace. Everything with Charlie was military, right down to his boots. Ladybug didn’t have that sort of discipline. She was like most hackers—this was just another game to her. Even in the heat of battle, she didn’t act like these were matters of life and death, or that the established protocols even mattered.

She set a hand on his forearm. “Trust the process. He needs to bring the kid along slowly.”


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

“I don’t recall Yankee or Riser bringing me along slowly. You remember Kai-lin bringing you along slowly?”

Ladybug rolled her eyes again. Then she smiled and opened her car door. He followed, his long coat concealing an array of weapons including Ladybug’s pistol. In just jeans and a tank top, her outfit wasn’t equipped to hide any weapons. Her gun wouldn’t bring much to the fight, anyhow.

They met in front of the vehicle. He looped her arm into his, and they walked up to the house on the corner, smiling and swaying like a couple in love. One by one, the sprinklers popped on in front of each house, suburbia in its purest form. Ladybug noticed it, too. She said, “I wonder if this is one of those blocks where they do the synchronized Christmas lights?”

He shrugged and said, “You sure she lives alone? These homes feel like too much for one person.”

“There’s a husband, but he works for Manadyne and enjoys a thirty-fifth-floor apartment in a company tower with his long-time mistress.”

A handful of people were out in the late evening. On the side of the road where they’d parked, a woman walked her dog toward their car. The dog, a customized poodle mix with pink fur, stopped to sniff their rear tire and then lifted its leg. Further down that side of the road, a couple walked arm in arm, heading away from Charlie’s destination.

“Surveillance?”

“I have microdrones giving us 360-degree cover. If it isn’t astral, we’ll see it.”

He opened his mouth to say something, but her look warned him not to. The crossed the street in silence. Charlie kept his head facing forward, adopting the carefree ease of a local, but he swiveled his eyes back and forth, scanning everyone and everything in the theater of operation. That’s how he spotted the man halfway down the block. The man stepped away from the streetlamp, working to blend into the evening shadows, but not before Charlie noticed his posture.

“Possible operator, three houses down. He affiliated?”

She glanced in that direction and said, “No, Charlie, he doesn’t have a giant Universal Omnitech indicator hovering over his head in AR.”

Charlie raised his eyebrows. She giggled and leaned into him. It sold their disguise even better. Close now, she said, “Stay frosty. Drone is reading his movements and checking images against known databases.”

“Well, we’ll know if he’s security pretty soon.” They moved up the steps, purposely not checking back to observe the man down the block failing to blend in.

“He didn’t move. He’s not working this house.” “Busy block.” Charlie couldn’t imagine it was a coincidence that another operator was on the corner of this particular residential neighborhood, just hanging out. There weren’t very many neighborhoods like this



in the city, and they’d all be occupied by higher-profile corporate citizens, which made his job more high-risk than it needed to be. He wondered why there wasn’t more overlap in the field, especially in public zones like these rife with corporate targets.

She snapped her fingers, bringing him out of his brief reverie. “You got me?”

He nodded. Ladybug went ragdoll for a split-second as her body slipped into full ASIST. He propped her up with one arm and reached for the doorknob with the other. He heard the lock spring and twisted it to open the door. Ladybug was back on her feet by the time he closed the door behind them.

“Did you find the isolated system?”

“No, but I have full control of her local system. Sprites are tracking down a few things that didn’t entirely make sense to me in there.” She picked up a black-and-tan wooden carving sitting on the entrance table. Even in the gloom of the unlit house he could make out the words Humboldt Prize for Scientific Research and Dr. Elizabeth Schoen. Ladybug set it back down with a shrug.

Charlie took a quick overview of the space. A large open living room directly ahead, kitchen and dining to the right. All of it matched up with the blueprints Ladybug hacked from the designers. He knew the home office to be on the first floor to the left of the entryway, so he started off in that direction.

“No, over here.”

Ladybug was standing in front of the refrigerator, opening and closing the door. She stood on the tips of her toes and then crouched to look under it. She said, “Sprites tracked down that anomaly. It’s definitely a control system, but it has to be manually activated. Palm-print-level stuff, but if I can just …”

She wedged her hand into the space between the refrigerator and the sidewall. She grunted, pulling hard on something. With effort, her hand pulled free. There was a loud clunk. She danced backward. The refrigerator and the slice of wall behind it slid backward silently on a well-oiled mechanism. Beneath the space where the kitchen appliance had been was a set of stone stairs. Every other stair was lit by a single ensconced LED.

“Very cool.” She said and started down the newly appeared stairwell.

He followed her a few steps and then said, “shouldn’t one of us wait up here?”

Ladybug shrugged and kept going. He sighed and followed her down into the dimly lit stairwell. At the base of the stairs was another door. As it slid aside, the refrigerator entrance above them glided back into place.

“That’s not good.” Ladybug said, looking back up the stairs.

“What? Are we locked in?”

“No, I just lost communication with my drones. This lab must be shielded.” She kept staring up the stairwell and then added, “That explains why I couldn’t see whatever is down here. This has to be the isolated system.”

“I’ll take lead,” he said, brushing past her, guns drawn.

Beyond the stairwell was a laboratory with a footprint at least the size of the house above. It was loaded with medical tables, cabinets, computer screens, and lab equipment. What took up most of the space, though, were the three large preservation tubes built

side by side into the western end of the room. The tubes were mostly filled with a bubbling liquid that appeared blue in the lab’s light. They were otherwise empty, but he got the impression they once held something large— humanoid size at least.

Charlie whistled through his teeth, “Kai-lin’s report didn’t mention that she’s a supervillain. What do you think those are for?”

“I can show you.” Ladybug tilted her head slightly and extended her arms as if she were reaching for something on either side of her. She wiggled her fingers a bit, and at once all of the lab’s screens flared to life. The tech here was holographic—not AR. Despite his lack of augmentations or AR goggles, he could see what she saw in the real world. She pulled up holographic representations of three nearly identical men situated in bodybuilder poses. Their three-dimensional images floated in the air only meters away. Each of the images cycled, moving from a skeletal frame to a muscular system outline to a fully skinned white human male.

“They look like the same person.”

“They are, and they aren’t. I think this may be some kind of genetic cloning experiment, but much more.”

As he stared, he started to realize that while the fully skinned models were the same, the interior images were very different. He pointed at one, “Is that a full cybernetic skeletal replacement?”

“Yeah, and it gets weirder. According to this, the first guy is loaded up with half a dozen extra organs, all designed to maximize his combat effectiveness. The version on the end has multiple nanohives running through his spinal col—”

The image vanished completely. She sighed and ran her hands over the virtual keyboard again. She said, “The controls aren’t doing exactly what I want them to do. I’m not telling the system what to do so much as asking it.”

This time the images cycled slower. She said, “I think this is called Project Handsome.”

She pointed to the first holographic image, “This is Handsome One, then Handsome Two by default.”

He focused his attention on the scan of Handsome Three. Unlike the first two, his lymphatic, cardiovascular, and digestive systems were each colored differently.”

“What’s the deal with this one?

“He’s been genetically modified to an extent I’ve never even heard of before. Plus, those nanohives scattered throughout his spinal system are doing additional modifications on the fly. If the first two are geared to be high-end combatants, then this one is built to make Red Samurai look like lunchroom guards.”

That brought Charlie up short. Corporations were constantly looking for an edge in maintaining the best security personnel. Cybernetic and biotech enhancements were nothing new, but if corporations started vat-growing soldiers, he didn’t think he could keep up, even with his adept abilities. Charlie watched, absorbed, focusing now on the images of the brains as they cycled through. He hardly touched biology texts, even in high school, but he could tell the brains being displayed here weren’t like what he learned about in school.

“Are those brains modified somehow?”

She nodded and said, “I heard about this kind of research on the boards. Really speculative shit. Evo and



Renraku were both conducting feasibility studies on the development of humanoid sleeves. They were meant to be developed as physical imprints that monads could use instead of …” She trailed off uncomfortably.

He said, “You can say it. Instead of what happened to Riser.”

“Right, but that level of technology doesn’t exist yet.”

“It does down here.” He met her eyes. She looked away quickly, her fingers flew across a holographic keyboard that materialized in front of her.

Ladybug said, “There’s supposed to be a fourth.” She swiped a hand through the images of the three, and a fourth version of the same man appeared. This version had the same evidence of genetic modification as the third, the cybernetic skeletal structure of the second, alongside a cybernetic leg and arm, both on the left side of his body. Still, none of that was what made Charlie’s jaw drop. Fully integrated cybernetic wings sprouted from Handsome Four’s back.

Charlie started to speak, but Ladybug cursed low, almost a growl.

“What’s wrong?” he said.

“I’m not sure. The host here is strange—it isn’t just that it isn’t fully listening to me. It feels like someone else is in here with me, looking over my shoulder, but the logs indicate that I’m completely alone.”

Gooseflesh prickled across his back. He said, “Can you plant the file?”

“Yeah, I’ll get started.”

Charlie turned his attention from the holographic representation of Handsome Four to the other screens circling the room. Each correlated to a different body system. It read like a progress monitor, with each screen displaying varying stages of development. Unlike the holographic images of the previous models, these sensors looked active. He continued looking around the room, his body turning in a full 360 until his eyes fell on a blinking red light on a monitor that didn’t feature bio-readout data.

“Hey, bug, got a flashing light over here.”

“Shit.” Ladybug said, looking at the display. “Someone is here.”

“Schoen?”

By way of answer, she brought up an external camera feed onto the screen. Two vehicles worked their way up the hill toward their block. A third slid to a stop in front of the door. Charlie thought back to earlier and said, “This have anything to do with the guy at the end of the block?”

“No. This is new.” Another camera angle showed a fourth vehicle stopped in front of their door. Ladybug said, “I must’ve missed an alarm somewhere.”

He eyed all four vehicles for official corporate markings and found none. “Or someone else wants what’s down here.”

The first two figures out of the lead vehicle were

kitted up like a corporate security team. Armored vests, full helmets, and blacked-out AKs at the ready. They flanked the door while a third identical figure exited the vehicle and ran up to the door, preparing to breach.

Charlie said, “Main entrance is compromised. There has to be another way out. Supervillains always have another way out.”

Ladybug furrowed her brows, fingers flying across virtual keys. Somewhere in the distance, they heard a clunking sound, like vault door unlocking, along with what sounded like water being released down a drain. She said, “Found it, I think. But I don’t have a clue where it lets out.”

He shrugged, “Hokahey. Not knowing is a better option than whoever is breaching that door.”

As if in response, there was a low whoomph from upstairs. Even through the thick walls and floor, the two could hear the security officers upstairs shouting for whoever was in the house to get down.

It was time for them to go. They started off at a jog, moving between what he now knew to be containment tubes toward a narrow hallway hidden behind them. Ladybug led the way. The hallway turned sharply and then emptied into a larger, lit space. Ladybug pulled up short. In a shaky voice, she said, “Charlie, I think not knowing would’ve actually been better.”

He looked past her into the room. The space was the size of an executive’s office. The middle of the room was dominated by a containment chamber just like the other three, except this one wasn’t empty. The indelicate mixture of cybernetic and genetically engineered parts known as Handsome Four floated inside the tank. A thick bundle of sensors and electrode wires covered its body. The thing’s face was likewise covered in an oxygen mask that terminated alongside the bundle of cords in the roof of the chamber. It groped blindly at the oxygen mask, trying to free itself.

The thing in the quickly emptying chamber didn’t seem to notice them. Charlie could make out an open door behind the chamber, presumably the exit Ladybug unlocked. He tapped Ladybug on the shoulder and gestured toward it. Then Charlie took a step in that direction and Handsome Four’s eyes opened. It looked at Charlie with an expression that he could only describe as feral. The creature’s wings didn’t so much unfurl themselves as erupt from its back, smashing through the glass of the containment unit as the last of the solution drained away.

“Nope.” Charlie said, spinning quickly back toward the way they’d come. They hadn’t made it five steps up the hallway before another clunk warned them that someone had accessed the refrigerator entrance.

Charlie gritted his teeth, listening to the sound of footsteps on the stairs. He looked back at the monstrosity called Handsome Four slowly tottering on its feet, then back toward the main entrance and said, “Not sure we get out of here without a fight.”
