---
id: BS-0010
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Aura reading
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aura reading

Reading an aura is an art. Even a seasoned aura-reader faces challenges trying to interpret their mystical senses in a way that makes sense to them— or anyone else, for that matter. Whether people think of it as a soul, an aura, Essence, or whatever, it’s not actually a visual exercise to sense an aura. Blind Awakened are just as adept at interpreting an aura as their sighted colleagues. We tend to use visual language—“a bright aura, a dim aura, an aura colored by violence”—but this is a shortcut to meaning rather than a literal description. We choose this language because as a species, metahumanity tends to understand it better. This can be a drawback—when we describe the aura, people ask us to “look for dark patches” that might indicate a particular implant or injury, but it’s not so simple as looking at someone and looking for a glow (or lack thereof). Instead, for some, it’s like interpreting a melody, looking for beats missed or parts missing; for others, it’s more like holding a complex device in hand and trying to work out its structure without looking at it. All of these analogies are poor echoes of what it’s like to try to read an aura using mystical senses. I hold out hope that our world is increasing in magic, and that eventually everyone will be able to experience this sense. In the meantime, describing this is like explaining a color to someone who has never been able to see color, or a sound to someone who has never been able to hear. Perhaps one day there might even be prosthetic devices that can “read” an aura for those who are unable to do so otherwise. In the meantime, substances such as deepweed can allow an understanding for those who wouldn’t normally be able to glimpse the beautiful mess that is the unseen side of metahumanity.

- Mate, I’ve done a lot of deepweed, and it always looks like colors to me!

- T3chK1d

- Is that what it is? I get this feeling in the pit of my stomach when I’m on deep-dak, mostly around particular people. I thought I was just picking up on their creepy vibe. You saying I am checking their aura?

- SeaTac Sweetie

- River Fish

- Only if they can see the impact on the bottom line, and even then, only if they can’t push off blame for a couple of quarters.

- **>** Bull
