---
id: BS-0675
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Biotechnology
page: 184
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Biotechnology

Cyberware is just one small part of human advancement—a stopgap that allows humanity to respond to specific conditions and concerns quickly. It is not, however, a replacement for the comfort of a flesh-and-blood body, which, arguably, is a valued part of what it means to be human. Of course, it can also be argued that being “human” is no longer the end goal. In fact, the entire goal of synthetic biology, or biotech, is the redesign of organisms to meet the purposes of its creators.

As with cyberware, years of social acceptance paved the way for what is to come. Bioscultping in particular has gained commercial ubiquity. Body augmentation, once eschewed, is now mainstream. The human body is a canvas. Where once Michelangelo sculpted the perception of youth and beauty of man in stone, we stand on the precipice of reshaping ourselves to whatever image we see fit. Beyond the cosmetic, most of these changes can be classified under the header of environmental adaptation. We are either adapting ourselves to the environment or changing the environment and its denizens in some fashion that promotes human advancement. This is occurring for a number of reasons, but primary among them are human population explosion and access to resources. We have depleted every easily accessible natural resource as a result of the exponential growth of our species. We have polluted the air and oceans. Our deserts, a vital part of earth’s ecosystem, are eroding largely due to human encroachment. Biotechnology works to restore the precious ecological balance of these environments in multiple ways, and as we step forward into the future, this trend will expand. Some of that expansion entails the modification of existing plant and insect species similar to what we’ve already seen with plastic-eating fly colonies released into the ocean. These changes fall more under the header of gene tailoring, as the changes are meant to be replicated down through future generations.

From a human perspective, biotechnology is trending toward human adaptation. Over the next two decades, you can expect to see a proliferation of environment-specific ’ware that follows what we’ve seen in crop modification. Instead of developing technologies to deal with the intense pressures of the deep sea or the heat of the desert or the cold of the tundra, we will see biotech modifications that allow us to handle these conditions internally. In this fashion, biotechnology follows cybertechnology, offering us a long-term and more naturalistic response to situations we currently address in a short-term fashion through cyberware.

Human-based biotechnology mirrors cybertechnology in many ways. Both are trending toward the shell concept of human continuation. Our ability to produce clonal blanks opens the door to the opportunity to preload those clones with bioware designed to a specific purpose. Unlike with cybernetic shell transfer, however, where the point of surgical trauma is already pre-formed and ported, brain transfer to a human shell requires the subject to undergo that trauma repeatedly. Thus far, the human brain has not shown an ability to sustain multiple body transfers. We believe, though, that barrier should be removed in the coming years.

- Anyone want to ask how she knows this?

- Baka Dabora

- Sadly, it isn’t too hard to find SINless slags on the street willing to do just about anything for a hot meal. I can’t count the number of times I’ve been asked to look into the disappearance of a someone’s family member down on their luck only to discover they were “recruited” into a top-secret testing program, never to be heard from again. UO is the biggest culprit. They’ve been running secret human trials for decades, and I’ve yet to figure out what for. I guess she answered my question.

- **>** Sticks

One sign that indicates progress is our understanding of how to regulate brain chemistry. Experimental cyberware filters designed to temper the levels of specific chemicals have shown us ways to sate that nervous tissue during transfer. As we continue to develop chemical control filters on a bioware level, our end goal draws near. We are moving toward a future of no limitations.



In truth, human survival and evolution is now more closely tied to one’s credstick than almost anything else. Short of magic and technomancy, every other genetic modification is within reach. How one achieves said modification is divided between genetic engineering and the catchall phrase of biotech.
