---
id: BS-0672
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: five minutes into the future
page: 180
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## five minutes into the future

- Our next poster isn’t a regular on these boards, but she is a member of the Smoker’s Club, which is enough for me to vouch for her legitimacy.

- Glitch

- Thanks for the intro, Glitch. I found this curious piece of writing while doing an op involving a corporate scientist named Elizabeth Schoen. She worked for MIT&T before a brief but public disappearance. She re-emerged on the science scene three years later as director of a fringe science division of Universal Omnitech. Her prior contract with the university magically dissolved. Over the next few years her theories grew wilder, but she kept backing them up with solid research and experimentation. This reads like a speech or maybe a manifesto. All I know is when I found this doc, I also found a series of human experiments that straight freaked me out. Pay close attention to her manifesto, because it sounds like what she’s alluding to is coming whether we like it or not.

- Ladybug

The year 2100, and thus the twenty-second century, is nearly upon us. In our classicism we, as a species, mark every century as a touchstone to compare our present way of life to a far-off desire for what could be. Think back to when you were young and imagining the future you would be gifted. What did it look like? There were probably flying cars or hovering skateboards, and for the most part, we are still waiting on those. When I was a child, I only dreamed of fully animatronic dolls I could talk to and solve puzzles with, but my brother whispered stories of a future that I found unimaginable. He was the first person to teach me about the concept of a singularity. He taught me that scientific advancement wasn’t about any single new piece of technology, but about the way that technology would become the answer to the question, “what if?” Now, with the swift approach of a true technological singularity, the unimaginable begins to feel inevitable, and analyses such as what I am delivering right now are less speculative and more socio-scientific roadmaps detailing how wecan arrive at our final destination without destroying ourselves in the process.

Let me begin by stating that there are significant barriers in place to this impending technological reality. These roadblocks exist in the form of public opinion and outdated accords such as the Belmont Report. At each stage of our species’ evolution, society has stood in the way. We fixate on terms and conditions. We argue that we are “playing God,” bandy about ethical concerns, and demonize terminology based on a limited set of experiences and the actions of a few misguided scientists.

- The Belmont Report is the set of ethical guidelines established in the old United States in order to protect human research subjects. It served as the blueprint for international guidelines governing human subject research. While extraterritorial corporations are not bound by these guidelines, most at least pretend to hold to them in order to avoid the negative public feedback associated with unregulated human testing.

**>** Dr. Spin

As with the genetic modification of plant life, human modification suffers from a stigmatization driven by social discomfort. Terms like “eugenics” and “transhumanism” are locked in conversations of morality, whereas genetic modification for desirable physical traits or to root out dangerous diseases—the literal purpose behind those terms—is codified into our social consciousness.

Detractors of these pursuits argue that we ignore the vulnerable world hypothesis, in which the creation of and access to biohacking technologies could lead to the end of civilization, because there will always be someone willing to use these technologies to burn the world down. However, access to these technologies will never be unfettered. The structure of a capitalist society embeds checks and balances. At present, the megacorporations remain gatekeepers and guardians against the rampant misuse of biotech and genetech.

- This type of corporate propaganda is more dangerous than the science itself. “Don’t worry, the corps will protect you?”

- Plan 9

- Her argument has some theoretical validity. Corporate entities are entirely profit-driven. They won’t do anything to damage those profits, so they won’t do anything to completely unbalance the world market or, especially, to destabilize the population that sustains them.

- Plan 10

- You cannot be that stupid. Can you?

- Plan 9

- You ought to keep these disputes internal, omae. It’s weird.

- Glitch

A second, also misguided argument is that evolution should be allowed to occur naturally, and those who successfully evolve are those who are best equipped or genetically superior to those who died out. This is the argument most commonly made to support the extinction of Cro-Magnon humans. If this is true, then isn’t it also true that Awakened individuals are genetically superior to non-magical individuals and thus rightfully deserve to be the ones to succeed pre-Awakened humanity? This type of thinking led to decades of research in efforts to locate and manufacture the so-called “Magus” gene. These efforts, though ultimately fruitless, allowed us to arrive at a simple reality that is the center of my thesis: Human evolution must be guided by humans, and not by chance.

- This lady is seriously anti-meta. All she talks about are applications and advancement designed strictly for humans.

- **>** Baka Dabora

- Actually, in some scientific circles, the term “metahuman” is seen as a misnomer. As we are all considered sapiens at the taxonomic species level, when she says “human,” she’s talking about all of us.
