---
id: BS-0067
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Admin
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Admin

If you are successful, you are able to temporarily usurp or interfere with the operations of a cyCHROMEbernetic implant by inflicting a status (pp. 51-53, _SR6_ ). Each net hit not counted toward increasing a status level may be used to extend the effect by one combat round. The effects you can force the cyberware to perform depend on the nature of the targeted implant:

**Cybereyes** : You may cause the user to suffer one level of Blinded # per net hit until the end of the user’s next turn.

**Cyberears** : You may cause the user to suffer one level of Deafened # per net hit until the end of the user’s next turn.

**Bodyware that gives a bonus to Strength or Agility** : You may cause the user to suffer one level of Fatigued # per net hit until the end of the user’s next turn.

**Bodyware that gives a bonus to Reaction** : You may cause the user to suffer Immobilized until the end of the user’s next turn or to immediately gain the Prone status.

**Cyberarm** : You may cause the limb to perform one task that it can accomplish without any help from the rest of the body and takes no more than a single Major Action to accomplish. If the task involves a test, the dice pool for this test is the limb’s own attribute, with no skill dice added.

**Cyberleg or lower body replacement** : You may cause the user to suffer Hobbled until the end of their next turn. Alternatively, if the user has two full cyberlegs and you were able to affect them both with the same puppet cyberware action (e.g., the Fork cyberprogram), then you may cause the user to perform a Move Minor Action immediately. The user may prevent this movement from occurring by succeeding on a Reaction + Willpower test with a threshold equal to the number of the hacker’s net hits.

**Other cyberware:** You may cause the user to suffer one level of Confused # per net hit until the end of the user’s next turn.
