---
id: BS-0352
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Better-Than-Life
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Better-Than-Life

I alluded to digital drugs and toxins earlier that grew out of the simsense scene. Now, normal simsense has limiters to the effects that are played outon the recordings. They are meant to stimulate different centers of the brain that control emotions and joy, and are all based on ASIST technology that allows the user to live a life through another’s eyes. It goes way beyond what is possible through more traditional media types. But limits like that are going to be broken.

The first sets of BTLs were known as dreamchips, and they are still one of the most common forms. Some of these are home-produced using their own recording hardware and burning chips for their personal use. The studio-created BTLs are made with the peak limits removed beyond even what the Cal-hots do. The recordings themselves are often pornography, crimes, fights, or even snuff recordings.

The next class of BTLs are typically called moodchips. These tap into your emotional centers, amplifying the sensory inputs that trigger feeling or mood, while suppressing other sensory or neurochemical inputs to create a high. These can have a real impact on the user’s capabilities that really push the physical and mental abilities, but that rush comes at a cost when the user comes down.

Then there are the personafixes. They have a horrific history, but there’s been some work to try to find uses that help people. Its nasty history centers around loading celebrity personalities into prostitutes, usually ones whose own personalities have been gutted. The next set of uses I saw show up in the wild was when users would use personafixes to provide skills and behaviors to help in specific situations. One chummer I know would use the infiltrator p-fix to help when they needed to break into facilities. It’s not as good as actually having the skills, but in a pinch, it can give you the edge. Lately, some corp researchers have been digging in to see if they can use p-fixes to help alleviate various behavioral disorders like OCD, phobias, and other issues that people deal with.

Now, one big advantage of using BTLs for your highs is that you won’t get the drug interactions, because you can only use one of them at a time. I don’t really consider using only one at a time as a negative. That doesn’t mean that they aren’t addictive and can’t be abused. Just be careful out there in the shadows, chummer.

- Thank ghost that the new Matrix protocols have limited the old psychotropic BTL. Some of those could mess you up for life.

- **>** Turbo Bunny
