---
id: BS-0332
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Transgenics As Bioware
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Transgenics As Bioware

Transgenics is in its infancy and has not led to full-blown human-animal hybrids … yet. Nor has it delved into paracritter transgenics. Officially.

In many cases, transgenic infusions can be used to create effects similar or identical to bioware. All these effects are produced at a lower nuyen cost, but the user also pays more in Essence and runs the risks of physical and mental side effects. It is

GAME INFORMATION: ATAVISMdown-and-dirty biohacking at its worst, and that can contribute to variable success rates.

Typically, _transgenics cost fifty percent more Essence than their bioware equivalent, but cost thirty percent less nuyen._ Transgenics can be done all at once, or in stages as multiple treatments. When any transgenic infusion is done, minor or moderate transgenic cosmetic changes will always occur as a side effect of any stronger transgenic modification (i.e., one that provides a game mechanic benefit). As a rule, performing one or two transgenic infusions will create a one-time minor transgenic cosmetic change. Performing three or four transgenic infusions will cause a one-time moderate transgenic cosmetic change. Individuals cannot take more than four transgenic infusions without physically destabilizing and having their genetic codes basically unravel in front of them. _Minor and moderate transgenic cosmetic infusions_ do not count toward your limit of transgenic modifications.

The following bioware can be imitated through transgenic infusions. Each counts as one transgenic infusion.

Bioware: dietware (appendix reactivation and expanded diet), balance receptor alteration, gills, frog tongues, webbed hands and feet, nictitating membranes, tails, tailored critter pheromones (must be coupled with minor biosculpting).

Biosenses: awareness, echolocation, electrosense organs, most forms of hearing enhancement ( _no manaware_ ).

Chemical mods and natural weapons: chemical glands and exhalation spray (corrosive spit and fangs,) natural venoms, stingers, tusks, horns.

Most dermal adaptations with animal analogues: camouflage, chameleon skin, bark (elephant skin), climate adaptation ( _no paraskin_ ).
