---
id: BS-0659
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Cranial Containment Unit - (Cost 220,000 nuyen, Availability 6)
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cranial Containment Unit

## (Cost 220,000 nuyen, Availability 6)

The CCU should be considered delta-grade cyberware even though, in practice, it’s the metahuman brain that is installed into the device and not the other way round. The CCU is typically an oval or cylindrical unit 50 centimeters long and 30 centimeters in diameter. It is a single device that incorporates a rating 4 cyberjack (with a fixed array of D/F 6/7), commlink, simrig, skilljack 5, skillwire 5, and control rig 2. Transplanting an adult brain into a CCU requires removing any pre-existing headware (with the possible exception of cultured bioware, at the gamemaster’s discretion). This removal may be considered part of the surgery. In addition to requiring delta-grade medical facilities, the brain transplant surgery requires a Biotech (Cybertechnology) + Logic (20, 1 hour) Extended test. At the end of the surgery, the cyborg is left with an Essence of 0.1. Removing the brain from its original body and implanting it into a CCU completely and permanently disrupts the individual’s magical or technomantic abilities. Any character who undergoes this procedure automatically has their maximum Resonance or Magic attribute reduced to zero. A CCU contains all of the necessary medical support equipment to keep the brain it contains alive for up to four hours without being connected to a supporting device or shell. The CCU has a Body of 2 and a Condition Monitor of 6.
