---
id: BS-0206
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Tail
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tail

The standard bioware tail is grafted directly to the user’s lower spinal column, allowing for natural-feeling use. It can take any appearance the patient likes. Natural tails tend to react to subconscious thoughts, giving away the user’s emotional state, otherwise idly swaying a bit when the individual is not paying attention. Ordinary tails are available in lengths up to one meter, with textured fur or scales being common. The character’s clothing must accommodate the tail to gain any of the above effects. Sitting in certain positions for long periods will be uncomfortable and cause a –1 dice pool modifier to all actions while the character is sitting.

Currently, tails come in five forms; the user must select one when this bioware is installed.

**Balance:** Usually between one and two meters long, a balance tail is not under the character’s conscious control. It functions instinctively by twitching, swaying, and wrapping around things at random to improve the character’s balance. Characters with a balance tail receive +1 situational Edge for all Athletics tests related to balance, climbing, gymnastics, or jumping.

**Paddle** : This broad, scaly, beaver-like tail can be used to steer and paddle when swimming, granting a +1 situational Edge for all Athletics (Swimming) tests.

**Prehensile:** This functions like the balance tail, except the character can control it as if it were an extra limb. The tail can pick up items, though it lacks digits and has difficulty with fine manipulation. Basic tasks that normally do not require tests, such as pressing a button or pulling a trigger, need a Body + Agility (3) test for the character to successfully pull off. The tail has an effective Strength equal to half the character’s Strength (rounddown), but it can hold the character’s entire body weight if they choose to hang from it. Prehensile tails do not provide an extra attack.

**Thagomizer:** This powerfully muscled prehensile tail ends in an array of dermal spikes and can be used for a melee attack using the Exotic Weapon (Thagomizer) skill, with the following stats: DV 3P, AR 8/–/–/–/–.

**Whip** : A tail of this nature is usually three meters long and fully prehensile. It stands out for its ability to be used as a Bullwhip (p. 249, _SR6_ ). It can perform motor skills in the way a prehensile tail can.
