---
id: BS-0279
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Basics of Current Nanotechnology - Manufacture-on-demand
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Basics of Current Nanotechnology

## Manufacture-on-demand

In reality, only a small fraction of the nanotech industry involves nanoware, the general term for nanotech-based metahuman enhancements. Most of the technology is used for nano-manufacturing. Despite the setbacks, nanotechnology is still



a core part of manufacturing goods and materials for both business use and retail sale. After the true nature of the CFD crisis became known, it didn’t take long for the compromised equipment to be scrubbed of infected nanites and put back in service. Nano-manufacturing was far too entrenched to just walk away from. Your commlink wouldn’t exist without the nanotech needed to etch trillions of logic gates in its optical processor. Of course, not every product is made in a nanoforge—it’s not cost-effective for high-volume, low-complexity manufactured goods. A traditional assembly line can produce these types of goods far cheaper than a nanoforge.

The largest nanoforges used for nanomanufacturing are known as cubes. These are custom-built and come in various sizes, with some capable of manufacturing entire massively complex components, up to and including complete passenger vehicles, assembled jet turbines, and entire aerospace cockpits. Smaller, standardized nanoforges are known as case forges. These are about 1.5 meters on each side and are the most common type of nanoforge. Many manufacturing facilities use stacks of case forges instead of custom-built cubes. Nanoforges are not exclusive to manufacturing facilities and large shops.

Desktop nanoforges are once again becoming common in small businesses and retail shops. These devices are typically set up for manufacture-on-demand of a single type of product such as clothing or consumer electronics. These desktop nanoforges use leased templates downloaded as a single-use purchase that can be customized to provide exactly what the customer wants.
