---
id: BS-0476
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Kill Switch
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Kill Switch

Augmenting critters can be dangerous, as they may go out of control. Augmentations can usually be removed from a corpse for use in another critter of the same type, so many companies install a device capable of delivering a lethal injection or detonating a micro-explosive in a vital organ. In order to prevent unauthorized users (hackers) from disabling a critter, the kill switch is rarely designed to be triggered via wireless command in most cases—instead, it is pre-programmed to activate under specific circumstances, such as a catastrophic biodrone harness failure, or if an installed critter comm augmentation detects that the critter is attacking a target without being ordered to.

**Game Information:** A lethal injection kill switch delivers a potent neurotoxin designed specifically to kill the critter with a Speed of immediate, Power 15, and Effect of Physical Damage. A micro-explosive kill switch deals 24P damage to the critter.

Unless specifically designed with a wireless trigger, a kill switch has no wireless function. In orderfor this to function, the critter must be implanted with a critter comm augmentation. Almost any behavior or stimuli can be pre-programmed to be a kill switch trigger, but the most common trigger is attacking a target without orders to do so or complete failure of a bio-drone harness caused by a critical glitch upon its activation. A less-common option might be a specific gesture or code phrase that allows handlers to activate the kill switch in an emergency.
