---
id: BS-0030
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'Note: Respecting Your Fellow Players'
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Note: Respecting Your Fellow Players

In this chapter, we have discussed what a shadowrunner might do to change their outward body to match their inner self. We understand that topics such as this have analogues with the real world and can have profound emotional impacts for some people. In particular, this may be the first experience that a group may have with body dysmorphia, where a person’s internal map of who they are doesn’t match up with the body they have grown up with. In Shadowrun, there are all kinds of ways this can arise, whether through magic, drugs, or cyberware. Away from the game, this can be experienced by transgender or gender non-conforming people, as well as by others in their own situations.

One thing to be aware of is that we don’t know every detail about the people around us. There may be people at your table who are experiencing dysmorphia, and it may not be at all clear from how they outwardly present themselves. In these situations, joking about dysmorphia, or forcing characters who are experiencing this to overcome extra hurdles that other characters don’t face, may show your fellow players that you don’t consider their struggles to be valid or real, whether you intend to or not.

In the same way that anyone can be made to feel disrespected or dehumanized when a group they are in is attacked or mocked, people who are trans, or who might be exploring that part of themselves, will see you mocking their group, which can be painful.

Shadowrun is designed to be a game for everyone, and we encourage everyone at a table to consider their fellow players when they game.

Luckily, the easiest way to avoid offense is to consider whether a joke or short-sighted comment is necessary. If you wouldn’t make a similar statement about sexual orientation, race, or religion, then it’s probably not a helpful statement.

In some ways, the Sixth World is likely to be easier for trans folk than our current reality. In a world where cyberware and bioware can alter your body quickly and easily, where people get permanent genetic tweaking to live longer, and where magic can warp and twist your very soul, changing one’s body to match their self would be a much easier task. You could recover from surgery in a few days. In this world, it would be strange to fixate on the gender that someone had been assigned at birth.

Obviously, we cannot force you to think about and respect your fellow players. But we encourage you to be deliberate in the statements that you make and think about how that applies to the journey your fellow players may be on.

As with most statements, thinking about what you say, and how people might hear your words, and whether you would like someone to say them about you and your identity might guide you.
