---
id: BS-0307
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Designer Babies And Homo Sapiens Superior
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Designer Babies And Homo Sapiens Superior

This is a topic that can really bring out the worst in people. Huge segments of the population are striving to adjust our basic building blocks in utero and create the perfect metahuman. The only saving grace is that we can’t seem to agree on what perfection is. Each corporation or person has some idea of what they think is the perfect version of their metatype. All these advances in gene therapy have applicability to solving specific problems created in our genome, but many were done under the auspices of holistic change that could create a long-lived, stronger, bigger, faster human, or maybe a more perfect elf.

The micro-level is where parents with means attempt to ensure their children exactly match their version of perfection. The use of nanotech and _in vitro_ fertilization has been the main method to create designer babies with violet eyes and longer limbs. This hasn’t come without some backlash. Some of it has been religious in nature, but a lot of it has been really poking at the classist underpinnings that further divide humanity. And, again, perfection is subjective. I have talked to some of these designer babies now that they’ve grown up, and while we may think they have a leg up, many feel like there are things they would still change about themselves. In some of the saddest cases, the changes have permanently stunted their ability to perform magic or work with the Resonance.
