---
id: BS-0622
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'EDGE OF ESSENCE - Posted by: DangerSensei'
page: 166
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## EDGE OF ESSENCE

## Posted by: DangerSensei

I remember getting my first piece of chrome. It was a hand—left, to be specific. It had taken two rounds from a Ruger Warhawk as I reached around a corner while chasing some drekhead. This drekhead was making off with a piece of paydata my boss didn’t want them to get, but he got sloppy. Too bad for me he made up for his underwhelming stealth skills by being a crack shot.

I remember dropping my Manhunter, its laser sight automatically switching off as it fell from whatever was left at the end of my wrist. My first thought was to pick up the gun, that maybe I had just been winged. I saw it then. Most of my upper hand was gone, including my thumb. My ring finger was hanging on by a piece of torn meat. At least my pinkie looked undamaged. The hand didn’t look like it belonged to me. From that point forward, it never would again.

If you would believe it, insurance sprang for my hand. They told me that a clonal replacement was too much for my coverage, and that a synthetic, realistic-looking one was not covered. Chrome it

was, then. Of course, the decision wasn’t mine. It was up to some corporate slag pushing papers to decide what I would end up with. All I knew was how much it hurt.

Surgery was successful, and I had a new hand. It looked like something out of an old flatvid, like something that didn’t belong on a meat arm. It acted like a normal hand, though, albeit with the slightest bit of delay between me wanting to do something and the hand doing it. Evidently it was some kind of input lag. It was imperceptible to most, but I could feel it. It was supposed to go away with therapy. The point is, while I didn’t like the look of it, it did what it was supposed to do. It didn’t make me any stronger, and aside from being able to hold on to my morning coffee without getting burned, it wasn’t any different. Plus, if I kept a glove on it, it didn’t feel like I had a hunk of metal attached to me, except it was colder than the rest of me sometimes.

When I was out on my own, it became evident that just being some schmoe with a cyberhand and good aim wasn’t going to cut it against the modEDGEern razorheads out there. I decided it was time for another upgrade.

It was my first piece of elective cyberware, my wired reflex system. A chummer of mine who ran in some organized crime circles knew a surgeon who would moonlight for the mob, and they set me up with his info. A couple of days later, I’m staring at a big-ass ork hanging around outside of a decommissioned bus station, trying to explain to the jerk that I had an appointment with the guy who worked there. I’m not sure he understood what I was saying, but after a couple of minutes, he waved me through to what looked like a ramshackle waiting area.

I never thought I would volunteer to get what amounted to spinal surgery in a place where I could see devil rats staring back at me from the holes in the walls, but beggars couldn’t be choosers. If this is what a doctor’s office amounted to in the barrens, we obviously had deeper societal problems than my sensitivities.

Eventually I was called to the back. The doc, a younger human decked out in surgical scrubs already, nervously looked me over before leading me to the operating room: a small space about three by three with plastic drop cloths spread out all over the walls and floor and a steel table in the middle near some stacked electronics on a cart. I handed over the credstick, and while he verified it, I got ready, giving an amused snort at the poorly hidden whisky bottle shoved under the cart.

Despite the appearance, the implantation was a success, and I woke up about four hours later to a whole new world. I was sore, sure, but the drugs hadn’t worn off yet, and as I was given a ride home by that big ork from before, I couldn’t help but stare. I found myself grabbing the Oh-Drek Handle more than once as my body automatically reacted to visual stimuli (much to the amusement of the driver). Things seemed to move slower than before, from simple water dripping to the wings of a fly appearing to slow to a point where I could see the wingbeats. Everything about me was in fast-forward, and I had no way to turn it off.

Over the course of the next few weeks, I think I wrecked almost every cup I owned, having thrown it at surprising noises or shadows moving in the corner of my vision. In time, I learned to control it, finally reading how my new reflex trigger worked.

It never felt natural, though. It always felt almost superhuman, and in some distant corner of my mind, I knew I would never see things the same old way ever again. That fact spooked me. I’m not one to scare easily. I had been in my fair share of back-alley brawls as well as firefights, but knowing that I had permanently altered how I interact with the world gave me a shudder.

Of course, it wouldn’t be the last of my augmentations, but they seemed to get easier after that. Eyes, an upgrade to the wired system, and so

on. Before long, I was faster and smoother than the twitchiest of razorbois, but I was always wary of going too far.

See, around that time, back in the late fifties, I remember reading stories about people who went too far, or who couldn’t control themselves with the wires or other upgrades they had. You know the stories I’m talking about; we all do. Some chummer you’ve been working with for a while gets one too many surgeries, one too many implants, and it seems their personality takes a U-turn. Maybe they get twitchy and volatile, like those wires in their spine make their brain go into overdrive and never turn off. One fragger pulled his gun on his own kid who surprised him when he was sleeping. Good thing his smartlink didn’t let him fire.

Other folks may get super cold and detached, not even really counting themselves among metahumanity anymore. They become like an unfeeling machine, coldly calculating the amount of carnage they’d inflict and the damage they’d likely sustain, and wondering if that damage would require a doctor or a cybertechnician.

I’ve seen a lot of folks rely on bioware instead of chrome and go overboard there as well. They can’t eat certain foods anymore, or they are constantly sick like they have a cold every day because their body is under too much stress.

Still, I’ve seen a few people who are able to adapt to having a ton of chrome and bioware fairly well, with what appears to be minimal or no effect on their persona at all. I’d like to think I fit into that category, but then again, I’m one who knows his limits.

But now we know that what we used to consider the limit for implantation isn’t even the true limit anymore. In ’56, Hatchetman’s story came to light, and the practice of cybermancy became nightmare fuel for anyone who was running up too much of a debt with a corporation capable of those things. Since then, most augmentation has become somewhat less invasive, prompting some people to never stop. These slots augment themselves so much, they aren’t even recognizable as metahumans anymore, but I guess that’s the point for them.

These days, we don’t know whether the fragger we shoot will bleed blood or hydraulic fluid, but as long as we keep pushing the limits of what implantation is possible, we will always have to deal with the physical and psychological toll from becoming more than simply metahuman.
