---
id: BS-0027
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'Optional Rule: - Auric Therapy'
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Optional Rule:

## Auric Therapy

**>** For most people, it is one-and-done. Do you know how much it costs? Ain’t many people going to be able to come up with hundreds of thousands of nuyen to get it back. This is for your corporate wagemage who lost magic because they lost Essence when they got hooked on novacoke for too long, or for your newmoney got-off-the-streets-and-into-the-boardroom type who wants to get rid of that embarrassing old cyberarm and can’t be bothered building their magic up again. I don’t know why I’m reading about it, it’s so far out of reach for most people. **>** Clockwork

Like Revitalization, Auric Therapy requires time on-premises. During the recovery, a patient must spend at least sixty hours per week on site, doing nothing more strenuous than answering an occasional phone call. Sleeping counts, so this means about two and a half days on site. If the patient misses a week, they lose the benefit of treatment for that month.

Since this is an experimental therapy, it’s very costly. The treatment costs 100,000 nuyen to begin, and then 20,000 per month. Note that this cost applies whether the patient has a Magic attribute or not.

The treatment is legal and technically available to anyone who books an appointment. In practice, as there are not many clinics around, it may require a favor from a contact or a bribe to move up the list.

In fact, one of the best places to get this treatment is right here in Seattle, on Council Island. The shamans and other healers who frequent the place are working with amenable medical companies and the Phoenix Society to regrow Essence. A positive side effect of this is that the aura of the whole island appears to be changing and growing. More free spirits are being discovered here, beast spirits living alongside kindred spirits. A friend of mine described it not as changing the aura of the place but having the aura intensified or focused, so that whatever it was before, it’s a more magically intense version now. Of all the worrying things in this world, this actually could be an improvement.

We’ll reconvene after lunch to talk about Auravores.

## \<<End of recording>>
