---
id: BS-0536
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Embryonic Genetic Engineering
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Embryonic Genetic Engineering

Engineering a custom critter is most effective when it is performed at the embryonic stage, before its body is formed. It’s much more like working from a blank slate than altering an existing creature, as very little needs to be undone or redone. It’s also much less expensive on a case-by-case basis, though the upfront costs involved in setting up a lab capable of altering and growing an embryo are not insignificant. The amount of nuyen that must be expended into the research and development of genetic customization is astronomical—and stands on the shoulders of the many scientists over the ages, which led to the discovery and understandGENETICing of DNA and genetics. Assuming that you have access to the equipment, the resources, fertilized embryos, and a team of highly trained and educated geneticists, the costs for customizing a critter to your desired specifications is relatively minimal.

The old cliché “it’s not an exact science” definitely applies to this process, however. Biology is complex, and therefore a bit messy. But life is also cheap, so most labs in the business of designing and customizing critters expect to throw away several specimens for every one that comes out correctly. In some cases, the embryo fails to develop; in other cases, the original template overrides the genetic customization and stubbornly develops as nature intended. And then there are the nightmare examples, in which something completely unexpected occurs. These unfortunate lifeforms rarely survive more than a few hours after their birth, but sometimes they provide unique research opportunities that lead to further breakthroughs in the field of practical genetic engineering.

The other significant drawback to this process is the time it takes for a critter to grow, which might only be a few weeks or months for some, but often takes a year or more for most. The technology to overcome these delays comes from the development of bioware products and the ability to grow cloned limbs and organs. With the right equipment, a freshly hatched critter can be transferred from an artificial womb to a specialized vat

to accelerate the growth process. The exact amount of time required varies depending on the size of the adult critter, but it’s at least ten times faster than waiting for nature to run its course. It also allows the growth process to be heavily monitored to make sure the body is developing as intended, which provides the engineers with the opportunity to correct problems that might otherwise occur. Cancer is a common side effect of genetic tampering, but it can be easily countered with the right application of vigilance and technology.
