---
id: BS-0277
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'Nanotech - Posted by: The Smiling Bandit'
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nanotech

## Posted by: The Smiling Bandit

After the connections between nanotechnology and Cognitive Fragmentation Disorder (CFD) started seeping into the public awareness in 2076, the idea of deliberately inserting nanites into one’s body was unthinkable for most people. Even devices made with nanotechnology scared potential customers away. Predictably, the entire nanotechnology industry crashed as sales numbers fell off a cliff. Recalls attempted to take all types of nanotech off the market, and compromised production facilities were taken offline, waiting for a solution. That’s not to say nanotech—especially augmentations—were unavailable. The brave, foolish, or desperate could still find them, and years passed before the off-the-books backstock disappeared from the black market and the tech became truly unavailable. In those intervening years, the legitimate nanotechnology industry took a step backward, creating an immunity to CFD by lowering the sophistication of the technology. The versatile semi-autonomous nanites, programmable and adaptable on the fly, no longer exist outside of what the monads are generating. And the monad nanites are so advanced they have little resemblance to the original tech. Today’s technology is in many ways totally changed from just a decade ago. The current non-autonomous versions of nanites, especially those designed for biomedical nanoware applications, are CFD-proof and unusable by the monads. They are unable to operate without external guidance and require a constant supply of precursor compounds to maintain their numbers.
