---
id: BS-0516
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Mechanical Arm
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mechanical Arm

A mechanical arm module provides considerable flexibility in the field, as most critters don’t have hands and can’t be trained to perform complex technical tasks. Most mechanical arm modules take the form of a robotic arm, but segmented tentacle-like limbs are another popular option.

**Game Information:** A mechanical arm cannot be controlled or operated by the critter; it is instead controlled by a remote operator or its internal drone pilot, which (similar to turret mounts) is a specialized and limited pilot system that is incompatible with other drones or turret mounts. They are slightly more sophisticated than a turret-mounted pilot system and are capable of running the clearsight autosoft as well as skillsofts. They can only run clearsight and one skillsoft at a time, and the rating of the software is limited by the rating of the pilot system. Riggers (or their technomancer/AI equivalent) can jump into the mechanical arm just as if it were a drone. This module can be used to wield a handheld weapon, though turret mounts are a more economical option for ranged weapons.

A mechanical arm module has two attributes: Agility and Strength, which each start at 1 but can be upgraded. A mechanical arm with a Strength of 4 or 5 requires an aluminum or titanium exoframe, and a Strength of 6 or higher requires a titanium exoframe. If the Strength attribute is higher than the critter’s Strength, it counts as being the same as the critter’s Strength. A Strength of 3 or higher is required in order to wield a weapon with a mechanical arm.

Cyberlimb modifications are not compatible with mechanical arm modules.
