---
id: BS-0195
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: False Front (1-4)
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## False Front (1-4)

False front is probably one of the most radical bioaugmentations available, and also one of the most illegal. It allows the character to profoundly change their appearance within minutes. Artificial muscle groups are implanted in the various parts of the body that the recipient wants to alter. The more areas that are altered, the higher the rating of this bioware. Upon injection of a signal drug, the muscle groups contract, radically changing the shape of the face or body. Add the false front’s rating as a dice pool modifier to any Con (Disguise) tests to hide the user’s original appearance. Apparent body mass cannot be changed by more than twenty percent. The appearance change occurs within one minute and lasts for thirty minutes per dose of the signal drug injected. The drug can be synthesized and injected by a chemical gland (p. 57) if desired.

The standard version of the false front does not grant the user much control over the final appearance, and the look of the false front will alter visibly with each use, according to slight variations in the signal drug’s composition, its reception by the implanted muscle groups, and the user’s metabolism. The intent is to simply present a new look each time rather than mimic a specific appearance.

False front works well with chameleon skin (p. 63). The signal drug can be used to trigger a specific change in skin hue, adding +1 situational Edge for any disguise test.

**Mimic Option** : A false front augmentation with the mimic option is designed not just to disguise the character’s original appearance, but to attempt to copy a specific someone’s appearance. The signal drug is more complex with this version, offering finer control over specific muscle groups, so the look can be more specifically tailored. The signal drug’s exact composition must then be programmed to disguise, using a medkit. Programming the signal drug is a Biotech (Biotechnology) + Logic (6, 1 hour) test. False front with the mimic option adds its rating to all Con (Impersonate or Disguise) tests for impersonating a specific target.
