---
id: BS-0304
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: nanotech
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## nanotech

**==> picture [219 x 189] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
ITEM RATING AVAIL COST<br>Nanoscanner 1–9 3 Rating x 200¥<br>Demolisher Spray Kit — 6(I) 8,500¥<br>Demolisher Spray Refill — 6(I) 1,500¥<br>Dynamic Handprint Kit — 6(I) 12,000¥<br>Dynamic Handprint Refill — 6(I) 2,000¥<br>Nanocosmetics Kit — 2 700¥<br>Nanocosmetics Refill — 2 100¥<br>Nanopaste Disguise Kit — 5(L) 1,400¥<br>Nanopaste Disguise Refill — 5(L) 300¥<br>Nanospy Kit — 6(I) 9,500¥<br>Nanospy Refill — 6(I) 1.200¥<br>Nanotat Spray Kit — 2 650¥<br>Nanotat Spray Refill — 2 100¥<br>Savior Medkit — 2 2,000¥<br>Savior Medkit Refill — 2 300¥<br>Universal Sealant Kit — 3 1,200¥<br>Universal Sealant Refill — 3 150¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

types of treatments deal with cleaning up degradations in the genome over time. Other therapeutics involve treatment of the genetic diseases that have plagued metahumanity for millennia. This class of geneware can also duplicate environmental adaptations expressed in historic human populations. This includes mutations that allow humanity to live high in the mountains or be better adapted to extreme heat or extreme cold.

Augmentics are genetic optimizations aimed at making metahumanity just a little bit faster, stronger, smarter, and mentally resilient. They also include treatments that enhance bioware by improving the meat-side connection to the implant. This class of geneware is popular with security personnel, alpha executives, and the shadowrunning community. Augmentics can also be geared toward eliminating or altering genetic material connected to metatype characteristics and metahuman expressions. I remember in Japan about twenty years ago there was a huge demand from executives looking to remove any non-Nippon genetic material and to minimize any physical features that would identify them as orks, trolls, elves, or dwarfs.

I’m not digging too deeply into transgenic gene tech here; I’ll save that for later in the data drop. The quick version is that this set of therapy includes adaptations that bring in features further from the core genome of metahumanity. This includes genetic material from various flora and fauna that people add either because it helps them survive in specific environments, or just because they’re attracted to those traits.
