---
id: BS-0350
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Addiction
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Addiction

I’ve personally seen a lot of my teammates fight addiction. The lure of quick fixes and temporary escapes is tough to avoid. Some drugs and BTLs are going to be more addictive than others. Are you really checking data havens or doing research on how addictive a substance is before you use it? Probably not. You’re looking at the convenience or cost to get the effect you want.

There are two main types of addiction that you’ve got to worry about: physiological and psychological. Physiological addiction or dependence occurs when the body has developed a need for the drug based on how it affects the body. This often happens because chemical signals have been augmented by the drug, such as endorphins and serotonin, and the absence of the drug leaves the user feeling despondent and depressed. Digestive, cardiological, or musculature systems may also be impacted when the drug is absent. Depending on your level of addiction, the absence will create physical withdrawal symptoms such as headaches, tremors, digestive issues, and more.

Psychological dependence occurs when a person’s addition is not directly caused by chemical reliance on the drug but rather by a compulsion to habitually use it as a coping mechanism, or to recapture a certain feeling, or when they feel incapable of going through their daily life while not under the influence of the drug. Since brain chemistry plays a role in the production of emotions, the line between psychological and physiological dependence is often blurred. In either case, the desire to use the drug to get high is still there.

One classic case where the dependence is purely behavioral is focus addiction. A magic wand doesn’t change a person’s body chemistry, but I have seen mages who fail to cast without their focus because they just don’t believe they are powerful enough anymore.

Addiction is insidious. The early stages of addiction offer the illusion of control, but it doesn’t last. The cravings are still there, just very light. Who doesn’t have that one friend who says they can quit any time? And who knows? Maybe they can. There really isn’t any sort of medical test to determine if someone is addicted or not.

If you feel like you may be experiencing addiction in any form, you can get help. Shoot, your team is probably interested in helping you recover. But first, you need to want to get help. From there, it’s a matter of paying nuyen for professional help and supervision or trying to do it for free. And seriously, don’t consider going on a run while suffering from withdrawal. That’s a quick way to get yourself and your team killed or captured. It can take years for your body to go back to what it was before you were addicted, and you will always have a higher risk of experiencing addiction again.
