---
id: BS-0333
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: New Transgenic Mods - Minor transgenic cosmetic infusion
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Transgenic Mods

## Minor transgenic cosmetic infusion

Unofficially dubbed “the cat girl mod,” this mod leaves a person undeniably human—they just have a tail, whiskers, sharper nails, and fluffy ears (if they get the cat package). Whatever animal is chosen, the individual will manifest minor cosmetic characteristics of that animal. Transgenic infusions function essentially the same way as minor biosculpting (p. 55). These cosmetic changes involve a very diluted transgenic infusion that spreads around the entire metahuman body through injected nanites. In the span of a week, cosmetic changes begin to occur as the body adapts to the new phenotype: the development of a tail (biologically functional but only decorative in terms of game mechanics), a minor increase in body hair or scaly skin in certain areas, the elongation of teeth (if appropriate), and a realignment of muscles and fat within the body to hint at the physical characteristics of the animal infusion in question. Individuals undergoing minor transgenic infusions have a regimen of moderately strong painkillers during the two to three days of transition to avoid increasing Edge Action and Boost costs by 1 due to discomfort. Minor transgenic infusions are often a necessary side effect when infusing an individual with a more pronounced transgenic infusion/modification. The minor transgenic cosmetic infusion can either be purchased separately or occur as a side effect of other transgenic infusions. Regardless of how this occurs, this Essence loss happens _in addition_ to any other Essence loss incurred by transgenic infusion. A minor transgenic cosmetic infusion does not count toward your limit of transgenic modifications.
