---
id: BS-0641
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Cybermancy
page: 172
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cybermancy

I say I know my limits, but what does that mean? How much is too much? I personally know a couple former runners who got one more piece of chrome or bioware than they should have, and now they are dead. Too much, and you’re just an expensive piece of metal and meat laying on a slab. That’s not the whole story, though.

In that old Shadowland post from the fifties, there was this idea presented by a couple of eggheads. In their article, it said a person is born with a sort of “Aural Template.” The thought was that this was the original state of what an aura should be, and adding cyberware altered that. When augmentations such as cyberware are implanted, this creates a deviation from the template. The more ’ware, the bigger the difference. Once the difference becomes too great, the person in question can’t get any more augmentations without croaking. The deviation between the template and what their aura currently reflects is too great, and it causes the subject to simply slip away and die.

Our understanding of Essence has altered some over the years, but the fact remains that too many augmentations literally can suck the life out of you.

That’s where cybermancy comes in. By definition, cybermancy is “a multidisciplinary science that combines medical and magical arts in order to merge man and machine.” Sounds pretty wiz right? What razorhead worth their salt wouldn’t want a way to increase the number of implants they could use?

In practice, it’s a whole lot darker. There’s a cost that goes with cybermantic procedures, a big one. Seems the fraggers who end up getting this done end up messed up in ways we still don’t entirely understand. They have to use expensive drugs to keep their meat alive. Their mind can wander into a fog and they can stand there, starCYBERMANCYing at seemingly nothing for hours at a time, until some artificially induced memory jolts them back to reality. At any given time, they can develop or succumb to aggressive forms of cancer or even strange deformities brought on by their bodies being compromised by so much unnatural chrome.

The magic used is none other than that good ol’ Azzie blood magic. This is not to say Aztechnology has a stranglehold on the stuff. They had a leg up in the initial phases of research on the stuff but have lost a step ever since Universal Omnitech decided to go its own way, taking some of its crucial cyberclinics with it.

They weren’t the only ones, though. Even from the beginning, corps like S-K and MCT had their dirty hands in the cybermancy game with black clinics around the globe. At this point, any corp with access to a delta clinic (or better) and a blood mage can dip into the cybermancy market. Ethernaut did a rundown of these connections in the ’70s, detailing connections in the Aztlan, European, and African markets. I know for a fact Shiawase operates this kind of clinic in Okinawa near the old Kadena Air Force base. Unfortunately for all of us, this practice is a lot more common than it seems.

So what is cybermancy used for with all those risks? On the runner’s side of the coin, it gives us the joy of cyberzombies. These people have been wired and chromed to the absolute maximum and beyond, becoming nigh-unstoppable killing machines. They are heavily armed and armored, and incredibly expensive. Most are held on tight leashes, their cyberware and even their minds slaves to remote corporate control. Others, who escape the fate of being used like a piece of equipment, usually owe someone big enough that they will jump when called on.

The field has become crowded with corporations capable of cybermancy, though the practice of creating what we consider cyberzombies has become less common. The sheer cost of creating such a thing that will inevitably have problems and die within a year or two has become more of an obstacle for smaller corporations. Of course, the megas have no problems with absorbing such costs, and the list of individuals who are willing to let themselves be experimented upon for a payday is not short. Further, rumors abound of poor fraggers going missing, only to show up with mysterious implants or surgical scars where entire limbs had been completely amputated.

Research continues to find new ways to apply the lessons learned from these experiments, and while cybermancy may still be used for the creation of nigh-unstoppable killing machines, it has produced a curious side effect: It has proven, beyond the shadow of a doubt, the existence of the metahuman spirit. This goes beyond a mere astral presence in the Awakened, and even goes beyond

the Aural Template idea popularized years ago. It has identified and successfully manipulated the actual life force of a metahuman, Awakened and mundane alike.

This is not to say that researchers have pinpointed where such a force exists, only the ability to manipulate and trap it using blood magic. This has not stopped less-scrupulous researchers in this field from looking, though, leading to horrible experiments taking place in the back rooms of shadow clinics. A shadow economy in kidnapping is beginning to emerge as researchers clamor for metahuman subjects.

Their holy grail? Immortality. Find out where that life force is, force it into some kind of implant, and transfer it between clonal or other “vessels,” willing or not. Every time it’s attempted, though, it never takes. Something happens in the transfer process. By the time it’s extracted from the original body, the strain is too great and the magic fails, or the host rejects it. Gives me the willies, that’s for sure.

Overall, cybermancy is thankfully rare, and it seems to be staying that way. That’s one thing we can be grateful for, but as the horizon between man and machine is chased, I can imagine it’s not getting closer.
