---
id: BS-0298
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Utility Nanites
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Utility Nanites

**Control Rig Booster:** This colony of nanites was designed to amplify the neural connections between the control rig and the middle-brain functions of the rigger. It builds and maintains a structure of nanofilaments, enhancing normal control rig functions by involving more of the rigger’s brain, such as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and areas that manage the subconscious movements of the body. When the rigger is jumped into a vehicle or drone, add +1 die to all tests made using the Engineering (Gunnery) skill or the Piloting skill.

- **Nanite Volume:** The structure created by this colony requires two points of nanite volume.

- **Overdrive:** Using overdrive provides an additional +1 die on a Piloting or Engineering (Gunnery) test per point of volume burnt out.

**Demolishers:** This type of nanite is used to disassemble most forms of solid matter. Demolishers are slow but effective, breaking down organic material into basic components and hard metals to dust. A single point of nanite volume can be either concentrated in the saliva or extruded from the palms for use. After the nanites leave the body, an activation command is needed. Demolishers can be set to dissolve only one specific class of material, such as organic biomass, metal, or plastics. They can also be used indiscriminately on anything they contact. Demolishers can break down a half cubic meter of biomass, about the average corpse, in an hour, or turn the average assault rifle, containing a liter of metal, into dust in the same amount of time.

Demolishers are too slow to be very effective as a weapon. Victims notice the signs of contact long before they can do much damage and can easily wash or scrape them off. Of course, if the victim is restrained, all bets are off. In game terms, demolishers inflict 1 DV of unresisted Physical damage over five minutes and cause a painful burning sensation in the first combat round, long before actual damage starts. If the nanites are not removed, the damage will continue until they burn out or there is nothing left to dissolve.

- **Nanite Volume:** Each extra point of nanite volume applied will both increase the volume of matter broken down and reduce the time required to break down a smaller quantity. For example, 4 units of nanite volume will break down a half cubic meter of biomass in fifteen minutes and eventually break down two cubic meters in one hour before burning out.

- **Overdrive:** Nanite volume can be forced through the pores of the skin at a rate of one turn per unit of volume but causes 1 DV of unresisted Stun damage per unit of volume extruded this way.

**Gastrocutter:** This set of nanites operating in the user’s stomach and intestinal tract are used to disassemble just about anything that a user can fit in their mouth. The primary use for this colony is to reduce the monthly cost for precursor materials, but a subset of owners have turned them on data chips with incriminating evidence or really anything the user wants destroyed. Any consumed material is able to be completely destroyed over the normal period of metahuman digestion of twenty-four hours. Note that this colony does not work fast enough to counter poisons or other attack vectors. A gastrocutter colony reduces the cost of precursor materials by (500 x nanite volume) nuyen per month, but only if that volume is left in place for the entire month.

- **Nanite Volume:** Nanite volume sets the effectiveness of the colony.

- **Overdrive:** Using overdrive greatly accelerates the speed at which foreign matter breaks down; each unit of volume placed in overdrive is able to destroy one kilogram of ingested material in one hour.

**Implant Medic:** This nanite colony is a free-floating colony designed to monitor the operation of the user’s cybernetic implants and initiate repairs if any damage is detected. If the nanohive detects a problem with any cyberware implant, the colony starts working to restore the implant to its standard operating parameters by rejoining neural connections, sealing fractures, and repairGENEWARE AND NANOWARE VS. TRADITIONALing circuitry. This system includes a free backup pilot program to be installed on a commlink that will take over and prioritize repairing the nanohive in the event the nanohive itself is bricked. If any implant takes Matrix damage, this system begins to repair it within a minute, using a (nanohive x 2, number of boxes, 1 hour/allocated volume) Extended repair test. The damaged implant cannot be used while it is being repaired.

- **Nanite Volume:** The nanite volume in use sets the base time interval required for repairs. Each point of volume dedicated to the repair divides the test time. Multiple pieces of cyberware can be repaired simultaneously by allocating the colony volume to different implants.

- **Overdrive:** Using overdrive provides one automatic hit on the repair test per point of volume burned out. The nanite volume placed in overdrive still counts to set the time interval for a repair test.

**Nanite Hunter:** In a world still paranoid about CFD, the nanite hunter colony is seen as a necessity by many. This free-floating colony seeks out and destroys unidentified active nanites. At the end of any combat round where the user was exposed to any volume of foreign nanites, a nanite hunter system makes a test to detect and engage the invaders. Make a Nanohive rating + Colony Nanite Volume vs. Target’s Nanite Volume x 2 test. For each net hit the hunters get, reduce the target nanites’ volume by one.

- **Nanite Volume:** The effectiveness of the colony is a function of volume.

- **Overdrive:** Using overdrive provides one automatic hit on the test to remove foreign nanites per point of volume burned out.

**Tech Blast:** This is one of the tricks nanotechnology engineers have picked up from studying monads. A Tech Blast nanite colony is free-floating and when operating in unison it can generate a Matrix attack very similar to the Data Spike Matrix Action. The attack requires a Major Action for the user to target a device within 10 meters by either visually spotting it, seeing its icon in the Matrix, or being in physical contact. This test is (Nanohive rating + Colony Nanite Volume vs. Data Processing + Firewall). The Damage Value of the attack is equal to (Colony rating/2, rounded up), plus 1 additional box per net hit.

- **Nanite Volume:** The nanite volume sets the Cracking skill rank and DV for the test.

- **Overdrive:** Unlike a standard use of overdrive, the decision to use overdrive occurs after the initial test. The user may add 1 DV

to the attack for each point of nanite volume burned out.

**Tech Infestation:** This is another monad-inspired type of free-floating nanite. A tech infestation colony can hijack and use simple devices like maglocks or scanners. As with other external operations, the user must first extrude some nanites to make a direct connection to the device—in this case, a single unit of volume extruded from the palms over thirty seconds. This unit of volume is removed from the colony’s volume and remains in the infected device, staying active until control is ended. The remaining nanite volume of the colony is then used to make a Nanohive rating + Colony Nanite Volume vs. Willpower + Firewall Opposed test to gain User access with the option of taking another test to gain Admin access. Once the nanites have access, the device can be controlled by the user through the nanohive or a commlink.

- **Nanite Volume:** One unit of nanite volume is used to make an initial connection and to maintain access. Additional units contribute to the hacking dice pool.

- **Overdrive:** Using overdrive generates additional bonus dice. Each point of nanite volume put in overdrive adds an additional +1 dice on the hacking attempt of the device.

**Toughskin:** A toughskin colony forms an artificial subdermal layer of smart polymers and carbon buckytubes that toughen the skin on impact. A toughskin colony adds one point to the user’s Defense Rating for every two points of nanite volume bound into the nanostructure. Under normal use, the user’s skin retains its natural texture and the colony is undetectable without a scan for nanites.

With a Minor Action, a secondary function can be activated. The toughskin colony changes its structure to extrude microspines through the skin. Unarmed damage becomes physical and 1 DV is added to the user’s barehanded attacks. Additionally, they cause 1P damage to anyone brushing against, grappling with, or hitting the user barehanded. Activating the microspines uses one point of nanite volume, and removing the protective layer to form the microspines takes one combat round. This point of volume is lost in the conversion process when the microspines are deactivated. Toughskin is compatible with orthoskin but cannot be used with dermal plating or any other cyberware that replaces the skin.

- **Nanite Volume:** The structure created by this colony requires two points of nanite volume. Additional nanite volume dedicated to the structure increases the level of protection.

- **Overdrive:** Using overdrive temporarily forms hardened plates under the skin but




leaves the joints pliable enough to move. This doubles the effective DR provided by the colony’s nanite volume. One point of nanite volume is burned out for each turn the overdrive remains active.
