---
id: BS-0454
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Manufacturing and Selling Your Own Drugs
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Manufacturing and Selling Your Own Drugs

Some enterprising runners may want to put the skills in place to manufacture truly high-grade drugs or BTLs. Once they have done that, it’s not a far step to where they will want to sell those drugs and start making a profit. We recommended that players and gamemasters work together to decide whether that’s the type of campaign they want to run. These types of campaigns can start with turf wars over the best corners to sell their product, fights with rival cooks creating their own concoctions, or finding the right materials to create the drugs. From there, there could be fights with others that have stolen your recipe or broken your elite file protection schemes. And who knows? If you survive long enough, the corporations may come calling to crush your burgeoning street drug business under their heels while they take what used to be yours.

In such a campaign, it can be worthwhile to find ways to remind the PCs of the social costs of their new profession. The addiction business does not roll ahead without hurting a large number of drug users.GAME INFORMATION // QUICK HITTERS


Once you have created the drug through steps 1 through 5, you can replicate that drug as often as you want using the equipment you have. The gamemaster could require that you purchase additional supplies for your drug facility if you are producing many doses of drugs. Standard-grade supplies for your drug manufacturing equipment are 100 nuyen per dose.

Sometimes, you just want to pay someone else to build drugs or BTLs that are tailored to your specific needs. Now, the tricky bit of all this is the poor sod who makes what you asked for knows that it will probably have some unforeseen side effects or potentially nasty crashes. Chemists and software hackers aren’t really looking forward to dealing with an angry street samurai who suddenly suffered blindness at the start of a firefight due to a side effect. Because of this, the price is at least 30,000 nuyen for the initial setup, and they tell you that you’ll want to try it out when your life’s not on the line. The second limit they’ve been putting in place is that you can only select a single effect beside the duration and vector.

As a note, the gamemaster can roll steps 3–5 at the time the runner first tries their product. In addition, the Power listed here will not necessarily match that of a drug that is being regularly manufactured by big companies as those formulas have been tuned over many years and multiple test studies.
