---
id: BS-0321
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Genotype Enhancement
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Genotype Enhancement

Like genetic optimization, the following sets of genotype enhancements represent extremely rare gene mutations granting traits that are significantly different from the standard metahuman, yet still within the realm of possible metahuman genetic expression.

**Alpha Factor** : By altering a few neural clusters associated with social dominance and pack behavior, the alpha factor genotype enhancement increases self-confidence and assertiveness and reinforces extrovert personality traits. The effect of these neurological modifications to the personality is a +1 increase to the Charisma attribute. This genotype enhancement also results in some complications for Awakened individuals, creating additional interference with the natural flow of mana and causing a –1 dice pool penalty to all tests that include Magic.

**Arcane Inhibitor** : While the Magnus Factor responsible for magic use has proven to be elusive, isolating genes that make some metahumans more resistant to magic has been a much easier task. The genetic modifications of arcane inhibitor function exactly like the Magic Resistance quality (p. 72,

_SR6_ ), allowing a bonus point of Edge for use on any Magic Resistance test. This gene modification also inhibits beneficial spells, counting Essence as 2 points lower than it actually is for Health spells. For Awakened individuals, this genotype enhancement also causes a –1 dice pool penalty to all tests that include Magic, in addition to the other effects listed above.

**Daredrenaline II:** This genotype enhancement alters numerous neural responses to stimulus, including the perception of fatigue, hunger, and some types of pain, as well as changing how adrenaline is processed during the fight-or-flight response. These modifications to brain structure and chemistry provide a +1 increase to Willpower and one additional box to the Stun condition monitor. This genotype enhancement interferes with the natural flow of mana and creates a –1 dice pool penalty to all tests that include Magic.

**Hyper-Glucagon:** Glucagon is a vital metabolic intermediary used in the body’s energy storage processes. Hyper-glucagon accelerates the liver’s conversion of glycogen into glucose, ensuring a steady supply of energy when needed. This genotype enhancement offsets up to two ranks of the Fatigued status but also increases lifestyle cost by five percent to cover the required increase in caloric intake.

**Increased Myelination:** This augmentation improves the electrical insulation of your nervous system by increasing the thickness of the myelin sheath surrounding the central nervous system. This genotype enhancement prevents the Zapped status and provides a point of Edge to the Damage Resistance test when resisting electrical damage.

**Fear Response Dampener:** Alterations made to the reptile-like lower brain dampen the neurological response to fear triggers, both learned and innate. Two versions of this genotype enhancement exist. The basic version prevents the Panicked status from occurring. The enhanced version prevents both the Panicked and the Frightened statuses from occurring, whether from magic or mundane sources. The negative side effect of this genotype enhancement is that it becomes difficult for the user to know when they should be frightened. Realizing that a situation is risky, dangerous, or perhaps inappropriate requires passing a Logic + Willpower (rating +1) test to avoid the potential danger.

**Myostatin Inhibitor:** This genotype enhancement dramatically increases the body’s ability to build muscle and reduce stored fat. The myostatin inhibitor is extremely popular with models and actors, as it provides a well-muscled and lean appearance with little to no effort. It would be more popular with athletes except for the fact it’s banned in most professional sports. This genotype enhancement increases muscle mass and effective strength, providing a +1 dice pool modifier to all



Strength-linked skill tests and increasing AR by one point for melee attacks. The recipient of this enhancement may also choose to use Strength instead of Agility for any Athletics test that involves sprinting or swimming.

**Narco:** This is a set of genetic modifications discovered through the study of survivors of heavy substance abuse. The genotype enhancement modifies the way drugs are metabolized in the body, enhancing beneficial effects and minimizing negative side effects. The narco modification also makes mild addiction more likely but inhibits more serious addiction. Any drug that grants a positive attribute modifier as an effect increases that modifier by +1. Any drug that deals damage when it wears off deals two less damage, and any negative effects that occur when a drug wears off are halved in duration. On Addiction tests, Edge may not be used for any test where there is no addiction to the drug in question, but narco grants a point when testing to see if the addiction level is increased for the drug you’re rolling for.

**NDE:** Neuromuscular density enhancement (NDE) increases the number of neural connections in the brain that are associated with eye-hand coordination and fine motor control as well as increasing the number of neural connections inside the muscle tissue. The net effect of this genotype enhancement is to provide a +1 dice pool modifier to all Agility-linked skill tests.

**NeoElastian:** A metahuman body contains a complex array of collagen and elastin proteins arranged in a matrix to hold the body’s organs and tissues together. This genotype enhancement primarily modifies the elastin protein and increases the body’s resilience to outside force, allowing the body’s tissues to absorb more force without damage. Secondary modifications tweak the genes responsible for trauma response, healing factors, and immunity, augmenting overall health. The effect of these physiological modifications is a +1 increase to the Body attribute and one additional box added to the Physical condition monitor.

**PuSHeD:** The PostSynaptic HyperDensity protein modification increases the size of neuronal bundles throughout the central nervous system improving memory, cognition, and overall intelligence. This genotype enhancement provides a +1 modifier to all Logic-linked skill tests.

**Qualia:** This genotype enhancement increases neural activity in the reptilian hind mind and sensory-dedicated brain centers, ultimately affecting the subconscious grasp of sensory information. Qualia is believed to enhance the organic storage of raw empirical data associated with processing sensory stimuli, which can reinforce a subject’s ability to absorb and react to input from their environment. Characters with this modification receive a +1 dice pool modifier to all Intuition-linked skill tests.

**Reakt:** With an alteration to the pituitary gland, a modified neurohormone is released under stress.

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
