---
id: BS-0354
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Making Your Own
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Making Your Own

The last thing I want to cover is making your own fix. It’s not always the quickest way to get the perfect drug, but when you’re looking for specific effects, it might be your only way to get there. The nice thing about those tried-and-true drugs is you know what you’re going to get when you buy them. It’s kinda like having that two-nuyen soyrito from the Stuffer Shack. You may not know what’s inside, but you know that you’ll feel full for a while before it forces you to dump the entire contents of your colon.

If you’re aiming to build out your own set of BTLs, you’re going to need the right software skills, some software writing tools, and a collection of libraries. What type of libraries? BTL hackers need solid algorithms, many different sets of metahuman memories, and neurochemical inducement code. With all that, it’s time to start experimenting with different combinations of code and memories to get your targeted behavior. If you’re doing the same thing with drugs, it’s not all that different, except you need chemical and biological knowledge and a set of pharmaceutical supplies to create your perfect high.

- If you’re good at software, tailor-made BTLs are where it’s at. You get the type of high that you want and don’t have to worry about constantly making more, since you can stamp out as many copies as you like. Just be careful about loading it too much, because they can get really addictive. Low-grade boosts can

get you as much an edge as something that really amps you up, especially if you can stay clean later. **>** Turbo Bunny

The experimentation stage is where the corps have the advantage. You’re probably going to make a couple of doses and try them yourself, or maybe on your friends. The corps are going to have a huge supply of metahuman guinea pigs to try their drugs on and run them over a longer period. They’re going to try more formulations in parallel. Once you make that drug, you might get lucky, and the side effects and the crash aren’t so bad. Or you might be unlucky, and it kills you. It’s a dangerous game to play, with really high stakes.

I’ve had a couple of friends over the years try their hand at making drugs. There’s even one still around to talk about it. She’ll be the one to tell you that it’s totally worth it, but the other few who didn’t make it might tell you a different story.
