---
id: BS-0283
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Nanohive Rules
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nanohive Rules

Nanohives consist of the hardware and software to manage colony templates, which are the configuration data and software required to build and control a specific type of nanite colony. Nanite precursor compounds are the raw materials used to generate new nanites. The cost for this supply of precursor compounds is (500 x nanohive rating) nuyen per month. If the reservoir is not refilled monthly, the nanite volume available drops by one point per day starting two weeks after the date of the missed nanite precursor compound refill. Nanites are typically undetectable without a na-

**==> picture [17 x 129] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: BODY SHOP<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

GENEWARE AND NANOWARE VS. TRADITIONALnoscanner, and it may be desirable to also conceal the associated nanohive. Distributed construction breaks up the larger components of a nanohive into several smaller components, typically disguised to appear as other types of implants. The rating of the nanohive’s distributed construction adds to the threshold for a cyberware scanner to determine the true nature of the nanohive.

The nanohive rating sets the number of colonies that can be controlled at any given time. For example, a rating 3 nanohive can control up to three different nanite colonies simultaneously. The nanohive rating also determines the total volume of nanites in the body, which is limited to three times the rating of the hive. If wireless is on, the total volume is limited to four times the rating of the hive. Colonies that are above this cap cannot be used. A nanohive can replenish its rating in nanite volume every hour after nanite volume is reduced or after the types of colonies are changed. As a faster option, completed nanites of most types can also be purchased separately and injected. The cost for a unit of volume of prebuilt nanites varies depending on the type. Any injected nanite volume unsupported by the nanohive is transient and will start decaying after one week. The maximum amount of nanite volume that is allocated to a colony is limited to six regardless of the rating of the nanohive or injected additions.

As an example, a rating 3 nanohive is limited to a total nanite volume of nine with wireless off and a limit of three colony templates. The user could allocate four units of volume to an implant medic, three units of volume to a savior system, and two units of volume to anti-rad nanite.

**Wireless:** With wireless functions enabled, the total nanite volume that can be controlled by the nanohive increases to four times the rating of the nanohive.
