---
id: BS-0071
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: 'The Real Cybercombat - Posted by: Kane'
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Real Cybercombat

## Posted by: Kane

Metahumanity has had one constant throughout time: violence. Combat techniques have continued to evolve with new discoveries and new weapons. With the advent of cybernetic augmentations, it’s only escalating. Just having a metal hand that you wave around isn’t what we mean by cyberware martial arts. Instead, we’re really looking at how cyberware provides an edge that simply isn’t possible with a meat body. That metal hand could just as easily have been a reinforced glove or a heavy-duty set of knucks. But if you’ve swapped out your tendons or maybe the whole arm, you can move in ways that any unaugmented person cannot hope to achieve.

While this grew out of multiple martial arts in parallel, I want to call out adaptive martial arts and adaptive combat. The former was created initially as a form of exercise and focus tool for folks with disabilities. As better prosthetics turned into functioning limbs, the organization began to introduce more of these tools into their kata andtechniques. The second is part of the basic mantra of the world’s militaries. They needed effective combat methods and weren’t afraid to steal from multiple styles. While many have called the adaptive combat martial arts brutal and thuggish, I call them super effective.

Some martial art styles have remained pure in their method, but there are a few that have added these moves to their repertoire, such as krav maga, sangre y acero, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, and the Marines Corps’ MCMAP. When you’ve got a wounded warrior in your military force, why not hone them to be an even more effective weapon by taking advantage of the augmentations you put in their body? Now, I still believe in having the biggest guns to win the fight, but I also recognize that getting up close and personal means putting that ‘ware to use.

As much as I hate dealing with the Azzies, sangre y acero is a style I can admire. Urban legend has that it grew up out of the fighting pits and integrated every style that was thrown into that melting pot. I don’t know if I buy that whole line, but I do believe that the pit fighters helped refine the technique to be one of the most efficient ways to put another metahuman out of the fight permanently. Two techniques that those fighters can use with brutal efficiency are the arm bar breaker and the steel typhoon. I was mixed up in a fight against an Azzie crew where one of mine grappled one of theirs. In the blink of an eye, the Azzie flipped his arm around, slid out of the hold, and then spun his wrist like a drill. It ended up breaking four ribs on my crewmate before I shot the Azzie in the head.

So think about the techniques that are out there, pick ones that work for you, and put them to good use.
