---
id: BS-0364
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Grades of Drugs
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grades of Drugs

Most of the drugs you are going to interact with are the generics that come out of the vending machine that matches your prescription. Wave your commlink that’s carrying your SIN and licenses in front of the machine, and you can buy a dose or two of cram. But there are different grades of drugs that you can get hold of.

**Street-cooked:** Sometimes you want kamikaze just like grandma used to make in the bathtub. While this could be some drugs cooked up by a local gang, it also represents drugs created using lesser ingredients or subpar processes. This also applies to BTLs as well as traditional drugs. Streetcooked drugs are half the cost of standard drugs, but the crash duration is doubled. Any drug interactions are at +1 to the roll, and this effect is cumulative.

**Pharmaceutical:** Some of the drug brands use higher-quality ingredients or superior processing. These high-end facilities aren’t cheap, and neither are the drugs. Pharmaceutical-grade drugs cost twice as much as standard drugs, availability is increased by 2, and the Power of drug is reduced by 1. The crash duration is halved.

**Tailored:** These drugs or BTLs are built specifically for one person. If someone is rich enough to have these drugs made for them, they will need to have a neurological scan to create tailored BTL or have DNA to create tailored drugs. This may not be appealing to many runners, even with the potential benefits. The cost to buy tailored drugs is ten times the cost of standard grade, and the resulting crash is a quarter the duration. The availability is increased by 3, and the Power of the drug is reduced by 2. If the tailored drug is consumed by anyone other than the person it was made for, treat the drug as if it were street-cooked.
