---
id: BS-0338
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Digitigrade legs - (horse, dog, deer, etc.)
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Digitigrade legs

## (horse, dog, deer, etc.)

One of the more radical transgenic alterations, humans can have the joints of their legs transgenically altered to be similar to the rear legs of a horse or gazelle. This is an incredibly painful process that takes a week to undergo. It is strongly recommended that the individual be closely monitored by a doctor throughout this process while remaining bedridden. Individuals going through this transformation process suffer a –2 dice pool modifier to all actions, and they can neither gain nor spend Edge. Additionally, their movement is reduce by half. Strong painkillers will reduce this to a –1 dice pool modifier and allow the use of Edge Actions and Boosts, though Edge still cannot be gained.

After the transformation is complete, the PC gains a number of benefits.

- When attempting a Jumping test (Athletics + Strength), a metahuman can make a running jump of 3 meters per hit, a standing horizontal jump of 2 meters per hit, and a standing vertical jump of 1 meter per hit. No Minor Action is needed to activate the muscles.

- When attempting a Sprint test (p. 44, _SR6_ ), they add +2 meters to their movement for every level of this infusion. No Minor Action is needed to activate the muscles.

- When attempting a kick attack and investing a Minor Action to wind up, they add +1 damage to the attack made is successful. A Minor Action is needed to ‘wind up’ for the kick.

**Negative qualities** : Doesn’t Quite Fit, Inhuman

**==> picture [17 x 129] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: BODY SHOP<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
