---
id: BS-0673
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: '> KAM'
page: 180
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** KAM

The truth of my belief also lies in the script of Gudak’s century-old intelligence-explosion treatise. Gudak argued that an ultraintelligent machine would design far better machines. Isn’t it therefore reasonable that a human would and should design far better humans? Indeed, humans evolved from club-wielding Neanderthals to the species responsible for splitting the atom. We have always been guided by the technologies we developed along the way. Technology is the ground that holds the roots of our modern evolutionary reality. The growth we have seen over the past fifty years is nothing compared to what we can expect as we approach the singularity. The benefits of exploring and advancing these technologies outweigh the risks to human existence. It is no longer a question of should. Evolution is still reactionary, but modern technological advances allow us to condense reaction time from generations to a matter of years or even months. It can therefore be argued that we are swiftly approaching an evolutionary singularity. Within the next fifty years, humans will be able to make preemptive genetic change. We who have the capability to respond to the environment must do so. These future advancements can be further quantified in four specific areas, though overlap and integration of these various technologies present the most efficacious path forward. What follows is my understanding of how it will happen.

**==> picture [17 x 129] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: BODY SHOP<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- If this woman were standing in front of a pulpit, she’d be considered a zealot.

- Respec

- She’s still a zealot, but the question of self-modification and the limits to which a person should be able to change themselves is valid. Where it gets tricky, for me at least, is the idea of who imposes the modification. A designer baby doesn’t get to decide whether or not it wants the modifications that were forced on it. On the other hand, I decided to be modded in order to survive the environment in which I’ve chosen to live. My changes are considered extreme, and some might say they should be outlawed, but they are also necessary to my survival out here.

- Orbital DK
