---
id: BS-0006
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Introduction

Since the Sixth World regularly pushes shadowrunners to their limits, it’s only natural for them to attempt to extend those limits. They want to be fast, stronger, sneakier, more perceptive, or whatever it takes to do the job they want it done.

Augmentations, including cyberware, bioware, geneware, nanoware, and an assortment of pharmaceuticals, exist to extend these limits. A continual debate rages about metahumanity’s relationship to these augmentations. Do they take away from your humanity—or add to it? Is the “real” version of you the limited version you were born as or the improved version you can become? Which augmentations should be considered mere appendages, and which are an extension of yourself?

There are no easy answers to these questions, but one thing is clear: Shadowrunners can reap all sorts of benefits from augmentations. _Body Shop_ exists to help them realize those benefits.

The opening chapter, **Augmentations, Essence, and the Meaning of Life** dives headlong into the debate over augmentations, showing how sometimes, augmentations help people be who they truly are rather than reducing their humanity. It also has a look at some of the major players in cyberware and bioware.

Following that, we get into the listings of the various types of augmentations. **The Chrome Life** covers cyberware, **Building Your Body** covers bioware, and **Changing the Code** looks at geneware and transgenic infusions.

**Quick Hitters** looks at the world of drugs in all of its variety, with the benefits and drawbacks of using them as temporary augmentations. **Taking the Wild** looks at the cutting-edge and ethically dubious practice of augmenting animals, usually for use in security or military applications.

While some forms of augmentations may enhance your humanity, it remains the case that taking on too many of them can drain it. **The Edge of Essence** looks at the consequences of over-augmentation and what happens to people who attempt to do too much to their bodies.

Augmentations seem to perpetually exist at a time that gives the final chapter its name: **Five Minutes into the Future** . There is always something lurking beyond the current slate of augmentation offerings, and this chapter digs into what could be waiting ahead.


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**
