---
id: BS-0045
source: Body Shop
chapter: General
topic: The Dukes
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Dukes

The Dukes all want the top spot, but each lacks an element that the biggest have, be it volume, quality, or not producing in all areas. Each has their own reason for not taking the throne, but oh, how they covet it.

**Ares** has a well-known reputation for their military gear, but under new CEO Michael Bishop, they’re leaning more heavily into the brand names that UCAS knows and loves. Ares makes their nuyen on branding and alpha-grade implants, selling their gear as premium brands that cater to the upper class … or more accurately the middle class who want to be seen as the upper class.

**Aztechnology** , by contrast, is all about the mass production of low-quality goods. They knock off the brands of everyone else (and take a special glee in ripping off Ares products), with standard-grade cyber the best that they offer to the general public. Every second-rate smartgun link, twitchy cybereye, or clumsy cyberhand you’ve ever seen likely comes out of Aztlan. They have higher-grade wares as well, but they retain those exclusively for corporate citizens, with beta and better for execs.

- Never discount AzzieTech. According to everyone who claims to know, they were the first ones to master cyberzombies.

- Butch

- That’s debatable, eh, doctor?

- The Smiling Bandit

- No comment.

- KAM

**Saeder-Krupp** is more boutique than Ares, with a name that means quality on par with the best work that rolls out of Chiba. That high-end focus costs them on the low end, however, and they simply don’t have the volume to overtake the bigger names. If Lofwyr wanted, he certainly could, but it would damage his brand too much to have his logo on substandard gear.

**Transys-NeuroNet** is the only AA-corp on this level. The originator of the modern cyberlimb, Transys has sometimes lost that lead, but continues to run the gamut of grades in cyberlimbs. They invest heavily in headware, ears, and eyes, the basic functionality cyberware, but they have never worried overly much about the combat market of bodyware.

**Spinrad Global** has always had a focus on cybertech, thanks to Spinrad himself, but it was always a distant runner in the race. With the heft of the golden ticket from Villiers and the influx of Sandstorm funds, Spinrad is now a solid player in the field—even without Johnny at the helm to urge them ahead.

Augmentations, Essence, and the Meaning of Life // CHROME KINGS
