---
id: CN-0120
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: <Man-of-Many-Names has left the chat >
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **<Man-of-Many-Names has left the chat >**

- Beaker

- It's a dispersal system. A few minutes after he sets the timer, it emits three things, if he copied me entirely (which is likely, as he probably has never had an original idea in his head). First, a heavy spray of Cleaner-Cleaner to remove any physical evidence that might be in the area, dissolving any and all DNA and magic links that it touches. Then, two different carcerands that break down upon exposure to air at the same time, one holding thermite and the other holding white phosphorous. When you absolutely, positively need to deny any evidence of a bolt hole. I also carry one into any safehouses I check into, in case the housemaster/mistress decides to let the people looking for me into the room. Anyhow, I've also used it to wipe a vehicle clean of anything I've done with it, after pulling the chips from the motor's computer.

- Clockwork

- And he bowls with that?

- The Smiling Bandit

- When you absolutely need to get that seven-ten split, I guess.

- **>** /dev/grrl

- And, with that, the ShadowRollers powerwalk away, not looking at the spectacular explosion behind them, looking all badhoop as possible in their mirrorshades. And bowling shirts.

- Balladeer

- Well, I for one am going to fire off a message to Slamm-0! that I want a look at the raw data on those drives. Going back to my scotch.

- The Smiling Bandit

- I'm going to fire off a message about how much he owes me for copyright infringement.

- Clockwork's
