---
id: CN-0218
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Man Behind the Curtain
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Man Behind the Curtain

We don’t know a lot about Pyke. He popped up in Boston just before the lockdown, networking as a fixer. His accent pegs him as a true son of Boston. He’s an Awakened elf, and he’s got some deep pockets. By all accounts, he’s a real charmer, an efficient manager, and cool under pressure. There are definitely rumors of a deeper background in shadowrunning, but nothing that ties him to any organizations or groups prior to the mid-’70s.

He managed to ingratiate himself in the scene by providing a solid foundation for the community during the quarantine. From there, he built an expansive network across the Massachusetts Bay and found himself listed in all of the important little black books, indispensable to the street fixers, corporate headhunters, and mid-level mobsters. It didn’t take all that long for him to be involved in nearly every important transaction in Boston, showing himself to be a trusted and capable agent.

After the lockdown, Pyke started making waves by consolidating the fixers under his control. Once that was done, it wasn’t as hard as folks might think to bring a good portion of the shadow community in line. As long as the nuyen kept rolling through, folks were happy, and there weren’t that many questions about what was going on. Work was plentiful, pay was fair, and folks noticed a decline in loose cannons mucking up their jobs.

Pyke was the man of the hour. Nobody guessed this was part of a bigger plan; everyone just figured it was how things played out.

Following up on his success in Boston, Pyke’s spent the past two years expanding his reach across North America, with varying degrees of success.

- Not sure I buy it. Somebody comes up like that in a major sprawl and nobody noticed?

> Clockwork



- During the lockdown, did you notice anything besides head cases up there?

- Dr. Spin

- Yeah, we lost a lot of visibility in Boston, when you think about it. I mean, we still don’t have a reliable, consistent datatap there.

- Bull

- Pyke is a familiar name. As I recall, he ran an Aegis cell in Afghanistan, ’56. Ran into him again in ’73. Don’t know if he was still with Aegis or some other outfit, but his squad came and went as they pleased.

- Picador

- Aegis? You mean Aegis Cognito?

- 0rkCE0

- That’s the one.

- Picador

- Well, that explains a few things, then.

- 0rkCE0
