---
id: CN-0208
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Sounder'
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- adept-powers
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Sounder

When you’re running land schemes for someone like Sea Dragon (I can’t switch over that fast), you become a target. You find corporations that want to manipulate you, government officials who want you for questioning, underworld organizations that want you dead, and all sorts of combinations between them. It’s a dangerous life.

The next few people are known affiliates of Sea Dragon, but each one operates in their own way.



They are what I would call Sea Dragon’s lieutenants, if there were any formal structure.

First up is **Faolain O’Ryan** , sometimes known as Kair’k in the shadows, a mystic adept who follows the teachings of Shark. He’s an Tír na nÓg expat with a deep disdain for elves, even though he’s not old enough to really hold a grudge. During his youth, he started as a low-level domestic terrorist. He had to dip over the seas and ran the shadows in NorthAm before he found a home with Sea Dragon as a higher-level terrorist. Like most shamans with a violent totem, he’s known for having a bit of a temper, but he balances it with a strike-first-to-avoid-conflict mentality.

For Sea Dragon, he runs operations out of Wales, if only to allow the clash of his brogue with Wenglish. He also happens to know a lot about the area, and his style helps keep trouble down in a place where Sea Dragon can’t afford to have any. She’s kept her distance from major operations in Europe. She’s got her gripes with Proteus, but her bigger plans seem to involve steering clear of Lofwyr and Celedyr’s taloned toes. Faolain makes sure that anyone who comes onto the continent and makes any kind of waves with claims that they’re working for Sea Dragon, promptly disappears. His efforts were a lot easier before Borinquen, but I imagine things are going to ramp up for him now. People love to use rumors about dragons to create confusion about what theyre doing and who they’re really working for.

I’m not sure why I feel the need to mention this, but Faolain is also the only male on Sea Dragon’s ranking staff. I’ve heard some level accusations of a romantic relationship between them and conversations I’ve heard mention her visits to Wales being common. But from everything I’ve dug up on Faolain, he has no interest in romance. All of this kind of makes sense if she wants someone just to talk to and connect with who still pretty much thinks like a cold-hearted killer. I just feel weird bringing up that kind of personal stuff here. Then again, maybe it’s useful to someone, somewhere.

Since it connects to Faolain, I’ll talk about Mako next. Yup, a shark shaman with someone named Mako connected to him. How rare! Actually, Mako is just what Kair’k calls her, because he’d rather keep the secret of her true name just that—a secret. Catch that clue? Yup, Mako is actually Faolain’s ally spirit. Most often she looks like a late-twenties redhead with a hair-trigger temper and a penchant for drinking. Though she never gets drunk, so it’s not really fair. She often uses the social aspect to meet, greet, booze, and schmooze with folks she needs to deal with. Her classic ploy with many executives has been getting picked up in the bar one night, only for her to walk into a meet the next day.

- I’ve met Mako. She’s unnaturally attractive, and by that I don’t just mean physically. There’s just something about her overall demeanor and personality.

**>** Sam-R-Eye

- Almost like she was made to be supernaturally alluring? Like she’s not from this plane? Fragging null-ceph.

**>** WizKid

- Hey, WizKid, do you know the difference in penetration probability between an Ares Predator VI and a Colt Manhunter A1?

**>** Picador

- No, why? Is that a threat?

**>** WizKid

- No, it was not a threat. That’s frowned upon around here. It was me making a point that not everyone here is universally versed in all things. Calling names just creates negative feelings. We prefer to educate here. Thank you for mentioning that some spirits have a supernatural level of charisma that could be used in a dangerous fashion to disarm opponents.

**>** Picador

- Well done, Picador. And the answer to your question is variable. The APVI and CMA1 both chamber the same ammunition, but the slightly longer barrel of the APVI provides a slight boost over distance.

**>** Sam-R-Eye

She works all along the eastern seaboard of NorthAm setting up work and cleaning up messes for Sea Dragon. Her current focus appears to be Boston, but her home base is DeeCee. She’s been organizing a lot of work and building a solid stable of reliable runners through the blackouts. Down in the CAS she’s been luring big talent out of Sweetwater over to the coast. The Carolinas have gained some solid troll and ork runners over the past few months, all thanks to Mako moving talent for whatever Sea Dragon is planning. As a guess and glimpse forward, almost everyone she brings out has naval and underwater operations experience. Could just be a preference for the background, but I imagine it has to do with whatever action Sea Dragon has her running the prep for.

Since it tends to be brought up by anyone who understands the relationship, Mako so far is an asset to Faolain. As a mys-ad, he can’t astrally project, being too tightly bound to his physical form. She can move back and forth between Wales and DeeCee quickly, moving information back and forth and getting messages to him or from him. There are a lot of jealousy rumors, and after saying what I did about that relationship between Faolain and Sea Dragon, sending off your only rival for his attention is a pretty cold move. It makes somesense, but seems like a bit of secondary drama for a Great Dragon.

- I wouldn’t put anything past a dragon because they’ve got that “great” label, just like you can’t put anything past any sentient being just because of some regular bias. Not all trolls are mean, not all dragons are vengeful, and not all elves are dandy-eating drekbags. Dragons can be emotional. It’s not like Dunkelzahn ran for president based on logic.

**>** Bull

A bit in a file I saw a while ago mentioned Sea Dragon’s affinity for changelings. Especially those with an affinity for aquatic environments. One of the first SURGEd metahumans to have some extended employment with Sea Dragon was a dwarf from the CAS, Kymberlee Davidson. Despite her southern citizenship, her family was from Hawai’i and she was technically a Menehune. Most folks can’t tell the difference and now you wouldn’t be able to tell at all since she’s had some significant physical changes as part of her SURGE.

Between the beautiful deep blue scales that cover her whole body, the frills along her limbs, the tail, gills, and heavy membrane over her eyes, she looks nothing like the former pageant darling she

was as a little Georgia sweetheart. She’s done work for Sea Dragon all over the world and settled in St. Louis shortly after the blackout. Davidson played liaison with “free St. Louis” groups while at the same time hiring runners to demonstrate the need for the status quo—but it’s old hat for most fixers to have some work on both sides of a situation. At this point, she’s still playing her role behind the scenes as liaison to the new government, but she’s catching a lot of political backlash for all her double-dealing, including from several political figures who are refusing to honor deals they made with Sea Dragon now that she hasn’t been spotted in the river lately. It’s a dangerous move. I understand their view that the “immediate” threat of a great dragon is not staring them in the face, but these people have obviously never dealt with a dragon.

I can see problems down the road for Kymberlee. I can also see St. Louis’ political landscape changing drastically in the near future.

- Davidson talks like a Georgia peach but is sour to her core. She’s as ruthless as her boss. She’s also well aware that while she may have the innate protection built into working for a dragon, it’s still important to cover your tracks and have several layers of deniability. Her work is in layers, and if you have a face-to-facewith her, she either trusts you or is about to kill you. Keep that in mind when you slide into St. Louis to do some work. **>** Lyran

Eltheria Windwalker is our next metahuman link in the Sea Dragon chain. She used to identify as an elf but when the comet swung through she SURGEd and her family was not having it. She walked into the waters off the coast of Tír Tairngire seeking a spiteful escape from the torment of her “ruined” life, only to discover she didn’t need air. The cold wasn’t much of a bother, and she had a remarkable level of buoyancy control. Her family had kicked her out because her teeth had become triangular and shark-like, her skin had become rough and shifted to a blue-gray hue, and her eyes went black. The rest of her changes she didn’t discover until she tried to take her own life.

She started swimming and, long story short, came into the employ of Sea Dragon. She now operates in Seattle. She even has some public photos of her and Governor Potter. Her shadow operations are apparently focused on keeping the connections between Sea Dragon and the Seattle government mostly under wraps, but far too many exposé pieces have been written for it to not be a well-known secret.

- Most of her work I’ve seen is more about preventing people from using or abusing that connection. Everyone knows but not everyone knows, if you get my drift.


## **>** Sounder

- Anyone else getting wind of massive numbers of people going missing from the ACHE? I’ve heard that busloads of ACHE residents are being carted down to the docks and aren’t coming back. Did the city make a deal to feed her?
