---
id: CN-0239
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Juanita Dasilva
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Juanita Dasilva

Juanita Dasilva had a corporate upbringing; her parents were mid-level executives working for NeoNET, and it seemed natural she would follow in their footsteps. They had many hopes and dreams for her, but she didn’t care about climbing the corporate ladder or working for someone else. Eventually the risk of losing her golden ticket got her hoop in motion. She started with her parents’ advice and selected a bioware suite tailored to get a leg up in the dog-eat-dog corporate environment.

Life was just starting to get underway when tragedy struck. Her fiancé was working on a key project when his lab became the target of a rival corporation. He was killed when the lab was destroyed, robbing her of her future. In its place was a drive to find and eliminate everyone involved, from the team who torched the lab, to the Johnson that hired them, to the nameless execs who bankrolled the job. Her quest took her into the culture that took everything from her, and quite ironically, she became a fixer of no small renown.

Juanita can be found at some of the elite restaurants and coffee shops around Manhattan. Her cultured speech and easy attitude put most people at ease, but there is an undercurrent of rage that can throw astute empaths off. Occasionally, that rage comes to the forefront in a frightening display.
