---
id: CN-0113
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: <Clockwork has joined the chat>
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **<Clockwork has joined the chat>**

- He also has his bowling ball bag, too. He probably will actually hit someone with that as opposed to using the pistol.

- /dev/grrl

- It's Slamm-0!, he probably namesquatted those logins just to be a pain in the ass if someone wanted to use their legit online name. Surprising, he hasn't done so with the username I use in games.

- Puck

- Bastard squats on every place he can find where I haven't gotten the username Clockwork, that's for damned sure. Costs me 1,000 nuyen a pop to get those names off him, too.

- Clockwork

- Yeah, but what's going on? My boyfriend is seducing wageslave corpsec idiots for security codes, I'm out of petrochem except for work this month, and the only thing new on the trid is some damned Aztlaner soap opera involving a kid with backward feet.

- RRW

  - The winds talked of tonight and warned that we must pay close attention at just this point. Also, the stickball match was canceled on account of protesters.

  - Man-of-Many-Names

  - Hey, Clockwork, why the hell are you even here? You hate Fred.

  - Plan 10

  - Caught up on work, personal projects, and even the Japanese game shows tonight are reruns. And, who knows, maybe I'll see him catch a bullet and have a good laugh?

  - Clockwork

  - Yeah, seems to be a lot of that going around. Plan 9 and I are having a bit of a fight over—well, something, and we have to spend some time apart from each other.

  - Plan 10

- Slamm-0! is breaking into the server farm that his son's MMO is running on. It's in a steam tunnel near the University of Seattle of all places, which seems skeevy as all hell. As long as they don't run into LARPers or security, they should be okay, but he's packing heavy just in case.

- Ethernaut

  - I literally have the wisdom of two ages, and have no idea how that works. And, yeah, there is nothing on the trid tonight.

  - Orange Queen

  - Shush, they're nearing the location.

  - Puck

- I'd have more respect for their rather good performance so far if it wasn't for the fact that they're in fragging bowling shirts.

- **>** Balladeer

- Yeah, that's Fred's bowling team he hired. Professional shadowrunners one and all. The ShadowRollers.

- Butch

- Don't laugh, I used my old pit crew on one of my jobs back in the day. Had to keep a tractor-trailer rig going despite everything happening on Route 666. We were down to Mad Max drek at one point.

- RRW

- Wait, who the fuck gave Slamm-0! a gun? I know it's only an Ares Light Fire 75, but that's a great way to get a bullet in the ass! At least from his feed and smartgun display, he hasn't chambered a round yet.

- Clockwork

- ... Oh, very nice breaching work. Excellent covering of the room, sweeping nicely, remembering the ceiling as well. Still thrown off by the fragging bowling shirts, however.

- Balladeer

- And here comes the gunfire! Oh wow, an Ares Sentinel “Q” Series rail-drone on the ceiling. The extra armor is getting a good workout as the team hits it, too. The ork with a big gun is down but not dead. Go drone go!

- Clockwork

- Matt Wrath thinks there is something wrong with Clockwork's head.

- Matt Wrath

- And the drone is down. Good job, ShadowRollers. I—yeah, it's just, they're in fragging bowling shirts.

- Balladeer



- Armored bowling shirts, obviously, as the ork is already up after some healing magic from their magician, Duke.

- Ethernaut

- Okay, Slamm-0! is getting a better view of the room now that he isn't focused on the drone, and ... wait, are those jars? Where are the server systems? And what's in those jars? Slamm-0!, get closer!

- Puck

- Ohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohnoohn oohn ...

- Icarus
