---
id: CN-0249
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Mission: Bending the Law'
page: 129
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Mission: Bending the Law

With the expansion, STV became the largest, private, non-corporate law firm in existence, and it has both the pull and the weight to go toe-totoe with the legal departments and subsidiaries of many megacorporations.

- While law firms still exist, those that managed to stay independent and not be gobbled up by one of the many AA+ corporations are rare. Every corporation has a use for a well-staffed legal department, if only for the sole purpose of bureaucratic warfare—that is, strangling their enemies (other corporations, governmental bodies) with virtual red tape.

- **>** Legal Eagle

- Many believe that the reason that STV did not fall prey to the Frankfurt Bank Association (whose legal department is the crème de la crème of the corporate world) during its younger

The bottom line is that STV are experts in bending the law to its limits, yet morally flexible enough to break it if necessary to serve a greater purpose, whether their own or a client’s (ideally both). In addition, they have their hands in many pies, from endowed professorships at major law schools and magic universities, to real estate ownership, and national and corporate lobbying, especially when it comes to the legislative process.

- The office in Brussels E.C. exists for the sole purposes of influencing NEEC legislations. Since not all government or euro-corp officials can be bought with money, gifts, or favors, it regularly employs blackmail with the help of shadowrunners on STV’s payroll.

- €spion

- In Europe, STV shares a historical love-hate relationship with the Dr. Faustus Society, a magical group that controls most of the academic institutions and currents of hermetic magic with ties to AG Chemie. While both collaborate for lax magic legislations and freedom of arcane academic research, STV and Faustians compete over the political influence of the graduates of these universities and relationships with the arcane-industrial complex.

- Enigma

STV has a knack for identifying opportunities and building long-lasting career relationships. Many STV alumni (from places such as the long-established DC and Atlanta offices) who left the firm to pursue other careers in megacorporations or in high-ranking federal offices in the UCAS or CAS



(e.g., Supreme Court justices, attorney generals, White House counsel, presidential officials, or cabinet secretaries) maintain friendly contact with their old firm.

- STV employees are often members of many networks and (secret) societies, something that is further encouraged by the executive partners to increase the reach of the firm. As many STV attorneys are both lawyers and magicians, they are alumni of student fraternities or sororities (or other educational secret societies such as Skulls and Bones) as well as members of magical groups, orders, and even cults such as the Illuminates of the New Dawn, Jamil Islamyah, Locus Elementum, or the Aleph Society.

- Elijah

To that end, STV frequently organizes fundraisers for metahumanist or philanthropist causes and have their partners attend art galas, auctions, and other social events to build relationships and trust. Public displays of pro bono services to those who cannot afford them (especially politically motivated groups) are also part of this social engagement agenda.

- Generally speaking, you can encounter STV lawyers at any time, in any place that their clients need them to be. It doesn’t have to be fancy parties, but can be prisons, gang turfs, and Z-zones.

- Gumshoe

- They are also known to act as Mr. Johnsons and fixers, if needed.

- **>** Kay St. Irregular

- Make sure, though, that you dress to impress in these meetings. Unless they are undercover, STV Johnsons expect professionalism and expertise, not attitude and bad manners. They don’t mind pink mohawks or distinctive styles but will not tolerate incompetence (which includes behaving improperly at a business meeting).

- Cosmo

One key to STV’s success has been the collection and use of strategic information. STV uses investigators (runners or other assets) to amass information and dirty secrets that provide them with corporate leverage. Another factor is that STV has never shown an aspiration to reign, at least not in the limelight. They make connections, introduce factions, and are a friend that provides useful advice to the powerful. STV prefers for the status quo to remain intact but remains flexible enough to shift alliances if a change in power cannot be averted.

- Given STV’s connections and success, many powerful people owe the firm favors. One of their most notorious modus operandi is to not charge for their services, but instead expect a marker to be called in at a later date. Sometimes, these markers are never

called in. The fear of one getting called is a looming sword that is enough to ensure compliance.

- Legal Eagle

- Since the powers-that-be see them as useful tools, STV has never become the target during power struggles. They only occasionally get caught in the crossfire.

- Cosmo
