---
id: CN-0081
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Open File: 0325-C \<decryption complete/opening text file> - Master,'
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Open File: 0325-C \<decryption complete/opening text file>

## **Master,**

This is a summation message sent to our allies from one of their field agents; I will send a more detailed report within two days. It is consistent with what we projected their success rates would be, which of course is disappointing. Given their current status, I am not confident they have the necessary resources or the capability of carrying out their part of this continued operation. I therefore recommend that steps are taken to bring it, and them, under our direct control. I have also begun my own investigation into these possible factions. The initial findings are somewhat disconcerting and may be connected to other matters discussed months ago concerning Mamelu and her recent activities, hence my reason for caution and bringing this to your attention now. I ask for another four weeks to confirm or deny my suspicions.

I await your response.

– Your most loyal servant

**From:** \<0.003 MP ***Data Corrupted***> **To:** \<0.0045 MP ***Data Corrupted***>

**Re:** Continued rogue chimera recovery operations: update.

Despite increases to our intelligence-gathering networks and the creation of mixed-unit response teams, we have only been able to recover approximately thirty-five percent of the known rogue chimera. Most recently, our teams were successful in securing the target’s remains in Austin and Caracas. Unfortunately, our teams were unsuccessful in New York, the Moroccan Southern Providences, and partially successful in the California Free State.

Also, the Brisbane team is still MIA and two weeks overdue from their last check-in. I recommend that team’s status be changed from MIA to KIA and move on.

Despite our losses, we have gained additional intelligence that indicates a possible new threat to our ongoing operations. Our team in Northern Cal-Free was able to secure one live captive and the bodies of several freelance paramilitary operatives following our failed capture of RC-0029. After interrogation of the lone survivor and examination of the remaining bodies along with their equipment, we learned that these mercenaries were hired for a recon/investigation mission regarding strange phenomena in the area. The identity of their employer is still unknown.

Additionally, this appears to be an unsanctioned operation, as the International Mercenary Association has no records of sanctioned operations in Northern Cal-Free. The fact these mercs were given this assignment in the first place and given the specifics of their operation indicates

an unknown faction is at least partially aware of the current situation. And they are at least investigating, if not actively working to counter our efforts in containing the RC situation. Detailed analysis of our interrogation and examination is contained in a separate file.

Finally, I recommend the allocation of additional resources to investigate and identify these possible factions to determine what threat they may pose to your continued operations or any possible threat to 000.

\<<<End of File>>>

- That message is significant because it contained two different encryptions. According to an associate, the one containing the summary was developed by UCAS military intelligence and other agencies. This particular one was favored by DIA field ops. The other one was significantly harder to crack, a custom job but one that is frequently used by only the highest-level S-K operatives, including a certain CEO-dragon’s favorite pet drake/ operative. This isn’t my wheelhouse, but it makes one wonder just how connected and fragged up all of this is.

- Lyran

- Can you send me a copy of the files so I can look at the code?

- Icarus

- Done.

- Lyran

- Okay, yeah, both of these are high-level stuff, but the S-K one is like, bleeding-edge. Whoever was able to crack this deserves some major respect.

- Icarus

- Yeah, I’m sure they do.

- Electric Blue

- Very interesting. Not sure if this is related, but since it came up soon after the UCAS blackouts were dealt with, several key congresspersons and other assorted individuals went on a very quiet trip to Zurich Orbital. The nature of the meeting is unknown (because of course it is).

- Kay St. Irregular

- Great. Yet another possible shadow-war.

- Thorn

- Ah well, we’re about due for another one anyway.

- Cayman

- If I didn’t know any better, I’d say this whole thing looks like two teams competing for the same prize, whatever it is.

- **>** Winterhawk

- It is much more than any simple, single prize. This is a game with many levels and just as many possible dire consequences.

- **>** Mamelu

- Who the frag are you?

- Haze



- Ah … omae, I don’t think you want to slot her off. Just saying.

- **>** Red

- Keep it civil or take it to private. Damn, I’m becoming more like Glitch every day.

- Slamm-0!
