---
id: CN-0254
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: European Division
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## European Division

The European division, led by the headquarter in Munich, is basically STV’s backyard. Given the number of countries that compose the Old World, their offices have always been busy. Still, in the recent months, shadow operations have skyrocketed. With the recent events in Prague, alchera popping up all over the place, as well as rumors originating from Karlsruhe that the city’s arcane nexus has become instable, the European division is currently in full spin-control mode.

- Apart from the named partners, these are some the key players of the area with regards to the AGS. Senior partner and ghoul mage Sebastian Gehbauer runs the office close to the Königsallee in Düsseldorf (within the Rhine-Ruhr-Megaplex), one of the best address for the one-percenters in the city. Senior



Partner Valentina Karlson was recently promoted to run the Frankfurt office, since senior partner and mage Jelena Malkova (who is rumored to have engaged in a spirit pact with one of the Old Gods), moved to St. Petersburg (not yet clear whether this was a promotion or demotion).

- Enigma

- Beyond the AGS, I would keep in an eye on Marie Boucher at the Paris office. Currently a partner in the firm, she runs the shadow operations as Madame Dupont (that is how we French call our Mr. Johnsons) since Hugues Fauchon (her former mentor) jumped ship to Index-AXA. Boucher belongs to the transhuman scene in Paris and sports temporary alien biomods (currently **en vogue** among Parisian fashionistas) whenever she is diving into the nightlife.

- €spion

Apparently, STV was also preparing the opening of a new office in Athens when new alchera started to manifest. For example, the replacing the ruins of the Theatre of Epidaurus with the original version including historical stage performances that are running through a loop. Many have interpreted it as a sign of the long-awaited return of their Greek gods.

- Greece has undoubtedly been one of the Awakening’s hot spots, bringing back mythological races such as satyrs, minotaurs, cyclops, and centaurs as well as a large variety of awakened critters. Since 2012, several alchera materialized in Athens (like the Acropolis and the Agora, the marketplace of ancient Athens) that culminated in the re-emergence of the Olympieion, the temple of the Olympian Zeus, during the Year of the Comet.

- **>** Winterhawk

- From information we received from our Brokerage X clients, it is clear that there have been warnings about what we are experiencing now and were actively suppressed. Both the French Seer’s Guild as well as the Orakle Investment Company, a business enterprise run by the Apollo Temple and the Oracle of Delphi dabbling in financial business divination, reached out to their patrons two years ago saying “the beyond will come to bargain for the children of men.”

- **>** 0111011001
