---
id: CN-0149
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Some Random Bits
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Some Random Bits

Because not everyone made it out, there are plans for a DSECI2. This second vessel is planned to be twice the size, including an actual life-support system so those who like our physical shells can take them. The work is being done on Mars, but there are efforts on Earth that need to be successful in order for those who want to leave to do so.

Stop trying to blame us for the blackouts. It wasn’t us. We had very little to gain in a world short of tech and, from most of our perspectives, lost a lot during all this. Whatever was used to create all these initial blackouts, it was also effective at killing our kind who were in the primary proximity of the event. If I were to believe anything abouta Monad connection to the blackout, it would be about getting targeted, not about causing it.

Evo has pushed the tech curve ahead with the help of the Monads in their employ, but this makes the corp and their employees a prime target. They didn’t select a Monad CEO, and this entire thing has created a vast schism within the corp. The additional targeting isn’t helping the schism, and while Evo climbs the megacorporate ranks thanks to their new tech, they may very well end up as two separate corporations when all is said and done.

Thanks to the Transhuman League, we have allies in the world willing to help us integrate. Thanks to the Corporate Court, we are hunted if we are not registered and affiliated with one of the Big Ten. Most of those who stayed want to be a part of this world. The tiny percentage of us out to get revenge on the world aren’t going to run wild—they’re going to operate within the rules. They’ll register with a megacorp and then work secretly. Those who aren’t doing that are those who don’t trust the corps, any of them. Even with Evo’s generally good reputation, the fact that the issue of Monads is creating an internal divide creates strain, fear, and attacks even in the safest of places.

As one would expect, there is sometimes a darker side to support like this. Most, if not all, transhumanist supporters are supportive because they seek the power of being written into code and living forever. They focus on the tech and techniques, but with a smile on their faces in order to keep the Monads on their side.

I have made several friends within the Society of the Phoenix Arisen (SPA). They had a rough and violent start, and their uniqueness has made most of them fearful of coming into the light. As a force, they have calmed, and most of them have made a pledge to themselves to follow the rules put in place by the agreement with the Corporate Court, even if they avoid the whole “registration” piece. For those not familiar with the SPA, they are all Monad mages. All come from Awakened persons who were infected and managed to retain their abilities after the change. Most didn’t leave because they didn’t want to lose this new ability they found, though excuses are myriad among other Monads to make it sound like they are not addicted to the power offered by magic.
