---
id: CN-0290
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Victims
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Victims

Despite being an overall honorable bunch, the Yakuza are criminals, and as is the case with any criminal syndicate, there are always victims left behind. For the most part, these are former customers who took out loans, gamblers who lost big, or people who are otherwise indebted to the Yakuza. They’re desperate for money and can be useful if you have some nuyen to spare, but they can also get you into trouble if they think that selling you out will take a chunk out of their debt. Approach with caution.

Less common are the victims of human trafficking. You’d think that every single person in the sex industry was a traffic victim, but that isn’t the case; the majority are there willingly, trying to make some side money for themselves, such as those attending university or corporate interns, who see it as just another job. The actual victims are pushed into it from drug addiction, tricked into the role by recruiting agents, forced into the work since they are underaged runaways who have to pay for housing and food, or sold into the work due to debt.

- Hold up. Slavery? In this day and age?

- Riot

- More common than you think. Plenty of people in the barrens would trade off a hungry mouth to feed for a couple grand. They tell themselves that the kid’s just a burden anyway and that they’d be better off somewhere else. This is part of the “dog program” you see in most megacorps as well as a prime recruiting tool by the syndicates.

tail—you name it, they engage in it. Most of the local business are affiliates, individuals who pay protection money and see a return on that investment. A few are owned by the Yakuza and used for money laundering, while others are part of an overall chain, such as a shady company that makes both fashion magazines and porn, the latter serving as a drop-off for potential stars who didn’t shine brightly enough. This is also where you find retired Yakuza running affiliated businesses, such as a one-time enforcer, now in his fifties, who has a small business stocking napkins, uniforms, and other merchandise for restaurants. Yes, the Yakuza have an active retirement program.

- Damn. **We** don’t have a retirement program!

- Slamm-0!

- Or health care.

- Sunshine

- Or dental coverage.

- 2XL

- We should unionize.

- Slamm-0!

- Check your inboxes.

- Old Crow
