---
id: CN-0028
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Popular Will
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Popular Will

If the Institute is like the brain of this organization, and the Forum is the mouth, Popular Will is the arms and legs. Popular Will is out in the streets, doing the physical work involved in trying to change public perception. They may seem like street thugs, but they are surprisingly organized, paranoid, and connected. Popular Will is connected with several syndicates around the world, sometimes through proxies, in order to keep up with their nearly inexhaustible demand for weapons and drugs.

Popular Will is brought in by the Forum to provide security during political rallies, and they are employed to intimidate voters on a regular basis. The Institute uses Popular Will as a means of acquiring “patients” and “subjects” for their macabre experiments. Because of their brazen public nature, Popular Will represents the most likely way that a team of runners will encounter this organization. Taking their cue from the white power skinheads of the ’90s, Popular Will wears paramilitary garb and shave their heads completely bald. Popular Will is not shy about their affiliations and their beliefs, and they are quick to rise to violence.

The rumored leader of Popular Will, Jules Veldmeijer, rarely makes public appearances alongside Popular Will. He acts as a liaison of sorts between the Forum, Institute, and Popular Will. Jules is a polar opposite of most of Popular Will in that he does not shave his head, and he does not dress in a paramilitary fashion. Instead, he prefers to wear suits and keep himself very neatly dressed at all times. He’s well-spoken and thoughtful with the way that he presents himself, choosing to portray the image of rational hatred and distancing himself from the street-level violence of most of Popular Will.

If a team of runners is going to take a job from Popular Will, it will most likely be at the behest of Jules. He enjoys employing deniable assets to perform tasks like kidnapping figures that he sees as important or influential to his cause, murdering those that would not conform to Popular Will messaging, and sabotaging organizations that would oppose Popular Will. Likewise, those same organizations, such as Mothers of Metahumans and the Sons of Sauron, would seek to employ runners against Popular Will. They may hire runners to attempt to kidnap or assassinate Jules or one of his lieutenants, or they may also attempt to sabotage Popular Will rallies in some way.
