---
id: CN-0016
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Growing Threat
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Growing Threat

For the whole of 2069, Forum voor Vrijheid managed to take over more than just local offices. While they were unable to pass any of their policies, they began to develop a groundswell of public support. Perhaps in response to the rising anti-magician opinion in the United Netherlands, or perhaps out of more direct creation, Popular Will was formed that same year. Popular Will is a militant anti-magician group first identified publicly in Antwerp, and they quickly spread to include supporters from neighboring countries like France and Germany. The connections between Popular Will, Forum voor Vrijheid, and the Moller Institute are challenging to uncover.

- I can confirm that Popular Will are a militant arm of Forum voor Vrijheid. I’ve seen people at meetings for both groups.

- **>** Fianchetto

- What were you doing attending those meetings?

- 2XL

- I wasn’t **attending** . I was there on a job to help one of the members’ ex-wives collect child support. I had to follow him around, and I took detailed notes about all of his contacts. There were several people, in addition to my mark, that attended both events.

- Fianchetto

By the end of 2070, it seemed like Forum voor Vrijheid were losing their luster, but then the Hong Kong Incident occurred with the destruction of Queen Elizabeth Hospital. Hundreds were killed, and dozens of technomancers escaped the secret lab beneath the hospital. The Emergence had begun, and the public became aware of these virtuokinetics. Fear gripped most of the world.

- Unfounded fear, I might add.

2070 was an important year for the Freedom Network. The sudden appearance of people who could manipulate the virtual world as easily as a potter molds clay terrified people. Forum voor Vrijheid immediately denounced the technomancers and suggested that the new AIs that appeared on the scene were pulling the strings on an army of sleeper agents.

Almost in lockstep with the increased rhetoric of Forum voor Vrijheid, assaults on technomancers escalated across Europe. Popular Will was identified as a domestic terrorist organization by Dutch authorities for their participation in the murder of five technomancers in Antwerp.

While Popular Will was being decried by the local authorities, they enjoyed a groundswell of support from neighboring countries, and members began to coordinate efforts across borders. German and French branches of Popular Will began to pop up, and hate crimes against technomancers and mages escalated in those countries as well. And, again with no direct links, the donations to Forum voor Vrijheid seemed to swell, filling their coffers so they could fill some vacant seats in parliament. Meanwhile, the Moller Institute saw a significant bump in its funding from private donors as well, and they began research on technomancers.

Very quickly, the Moller Institute published a paper explaining that technomancers get their abilities from a new source called Resonance. Also very quickly, they identified the existence of “alien intelligences” known as paragons that live in the Resonance. Within a few months of the Hong Kong Incident, Forum voor Vrijheid had adapted their platform to include technomancers as “enemies of the people.”

Capitalizing on fear is not a new tactic for populist groups. The Forum, though, was poised to take advantage of this in a way that few other groups could. They had academic backing, research, and results that seemed to justify all their fearmongering. Of course, no one questioned why the Moller Institute had the research completed so quickly. They were just happy to have someone confirm their pre-existing biases.

- Netcat

- Tell that to the citizens of Hong Kong. At the time, technomancers were terrifying and literally introduced themselves to the world with a bang.

- Lei Kung

  - Peer review is an important process in any academic paper’s publication. Before it can be defined as “true” it needs to be validated and tested repeatedly. The Moller Institute may have found a correlation, but they can’t be taken seriously when they publish papers without peer review.

  - KAM

- None of which would have happened if they hadn’t been kidnapped and tortured in the first place.

- **>** Slamm-0!

- The validity of the organization’s academic credentials is not really the main point of this. The point is that they used this



“research” to threaten the lives and freedom of hundreds, if not thousands, of people across Europe.

**>** Cosmo

- Well that’s what I’m getting at—they shouldn’t have been able to do that. If people knew how to think critically, they wouldn’t have fallen for this con in the first place.

**>** Since when do extremists care about efficiency? Look, I’m not saying that Plan 9 is right. I’m just saying that from a technical standpoint, it’s not impossible.

Sheesh, I don’t know which is scarier: knowing that there could be sleeper agent suicide bombers out there, or that I’m saying that Plan 9 could be right.

**>** Butch
