---
id: CN-0066
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Rest of the World - Posted by: Shohoj'
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rest of the World

## Posted by: Shohoj

Finding information on GreenWar’s global operations beyond those regions covered by my predecessors is quite difficult, as it is much easier for GreenWar to hide within most of these regions unless they make the headlines. However, using my reach across Africa and Australasia, I was able to identify a few hot spots of organized GreenWar activity.

**Africa:** Most operations around the African subcontinent actually occur at sea, with GreenWar fleets raiding corporate freighters or attacking port installations along the coast, such as those near Lagos. GreenWar made recent news flashes with multiple concerted bombings of corporate installations within the Corporate Free City of Sekondi. The city has always been anathema to GreenWar, mainly due to the weapons trade by Ares Arms that sustains many of the regional warlords in power, who exploit the land for their own personal gain. Sekondi is also a logistics hub for moving illegal wildlife goods (animal fur/skin, ivory tusk, telesma, and even live animals) to other continents.

- From what my sources have told me, GreenWar is looking to eradicate the Asondo Network, an international wildlife trafficking syndicate whose reach extends to Southeast-Asia. Since the Asondo Network is a part of the Pan-African Landola Ghost Cartel, GW may be out of their depth here, as Landola has a similar ruthless reputation as the ecoterrorist organization, using child soldiers as killers or suicide bombers.

- Am-mut

**Pan-Asia:** Given that Pan-Asia has some of the world’s most populous countries, such as India, the Chinese splinter states, and Southeast Asia, it is not surprising that many GreenWar operations often have a deep ecology agenda. While I haven’t heard of any major operation beyond the usual, the GreenWar terrorist known as **Pasteur** , a presumably French genehacker known for his eco-bioterrorist agenda, has recently been spotted in Rangoon and Jakarta. Given the environment for unregulated genetic engineering in those regions (mostly used for gene-editing awakened flora for BADs and gene-optimized opiates but also weaponized paracritters), GreenWar may be funding some operations and black labs with the intent to strike at densely populated sprawls such as Delhi, Kolkata, Beijing, Shanghai, or Japanese metroplexes where any pandemic would lead to mass casualties.

- Pasteur is actually Swiss-French and an ork with a brilliant mind who has suffered from metahuman segregation and racial prejudice all his (academic) life. He hates humans and his genehacking work aims to tip the scales in favor of metahumans, with the human race being reduced to a minority of the overall metahuman population.

- Rappacini

**Australia/Oceania:** Given New Zealand’s (or as the native Maori call it, Aotearoa’s) environmentalist government and agenda, it has always been a safe haven for GreenWar terrorists and operations in this region. In turn, GreenWar handled some dirty work for the government (especially corporate lobbyist assassinations), enabling them to keep their hands clean. This is one reason why NZ has not yet succumbed to megacorporate influence.

- Several reporters who tried to bring this to light (on behalf of megacorporate media) ended up violently executed to send a clear message to leave NZ the frag alone.

- Sunshine

The focus of their activities Down Under primarily lies on Australia, where GreenWar has been waging a war for years against Australian AA conglomerate Tanamyre Resources and other companies exploiting Australian resources on land and sea, such as S-K and Shiawase Atomics, and Korea’s Eastern Tiger Corporation.

- The mining sector is one of the major contributors to the economy of Australia. The country has large reserves of metals (including silver and gold), rare elements, coal, uranium, diamonds, opal, as well true elements and Awakened minerals, some of which are the largest deposits in the world, probably due to magical nature of the continent and its mana storms.

- **>** Rockhound



GreenWar has sided with Aborigine activists in the past to destroy corporate installations in the Outback, but the two groups recently had a falling out, and the Aborigine elders refuse to put up with GreenWar’s radical plans any longer. This strangely coincides with the emergence of a new GW leader (dubbed **Revenant** ) who has been aligning the operations of the different cells.

- Based on S-K intelligence reports, Revenant is actually former S-K division head Edwin Hauser, who wandered into the Outback in the ’60s and was never seen again.

- Cosmo

- I contacted one of my suppliers Down Under and got some intel. The Koradji shamans call him **Yapa-ngarnu** (literally “humaneating” or “cannibal”) and see him as an emissary of the angry spirits of the Dreamtime, those who have gone mad and cannot be reasoned with any longer. They believe that they have sent him back to take the fight to the metroplexes and conjure the power of the manastorms to wipe those cities out.

- Lyran
