---
id: CN-0083
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Open File: 0932-A <decryption active>'
page: 46
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Open File: 0932-A <decryption active>

I’m sorry our reunion happened like that. I can imagine how painful it \<1.67 GP REDACTED> that’s all in the past, which I can’t change no matter how much I want to try. But I can help you in the present. I know about your current investigation and that you’re looking into places and things that are more dangerous than you realize. And knowing how headstrong you can be, you won’t stop until you have your answers.

So in order to help protect you in the only way I can, I’ll give the answers I’m capable of without putting either of us in too much risk. I hope you’ll be satisfied with what I can provide. And I’m thinking this will be a bit cathartic for me as well, a bit of a confessional mixed in among all the data.

Share this with whoever you trust or think needs to see it, because I also want some kind of record about this to exist just in case things go wrong, or others also on this path become no better than those we defend against. Attached with this message is a data file containing a running journal of sorts, chronicling what I’ve seen, heard, and remember. For once in my life, after all the harm, death, and destruction I’ve caused, I’m finally doing work that makes a real difference. And maybe I’ll be able to find some atonement.

So to begin, we call ourselves Grey Cell … \<0.45 MP REDACTED>
