---
id: CN-0294
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Ring
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Ring

Now we get to the part that you’ve been waiting for where I talk about the actual Yakuza membership. To stretch the earlier metaphor, we’ve passed through the asteroid belt, and now we’re looking at Mars.

ing their luggage; it’s virtual slavery in a very traditional way. Those who endure the humiliation know that once they rise in the ranks, they’ll have their own rookie servants. And so the cycle continues. Taking pets to the vet, unclogging toilets, having to bathe a senior ring member’s body—there really is no limit to the menial nature of the tasks that first-years are given, and many wind up taking out loans to handle the financial burden of having to give so many gifts to senior members.

- That’s insane. Who would put up with that kind of treatment? And not just for free, but to **pay** for the opportunity?! Ghost, I don’t even get out of bed for less than ten grand.

- Kane

- Yeah, well, for most people, crime doesn’t pay. The average BTL dealer would make more money working at McHugh’s than they do selling beetles on street corners, and with a lot less risk of being killed. The higher ranks let you live large, however, so you suffer a few years of struggle at the bottom while dreaming of the day you get the long black car and the fancy mansion. Of course, most people realize too late that there are only a handful of people at the top and a massive pyramid below them, but by then, you’re likely dead or in prison, and someone else takes your spot. And that new sucker is positive that **they** will be the one who breaks out into the big time.

- 2XL

- Must. Resist. Correcting. So. Many. **Things!**

- Orbital DK
