---
id: CN-0307
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Tattoos
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tattoos

Perhaps the single best-known tradition of the Yakuza is in the tattoos that all members bear. The younger members start small, with a band on an arm, and these early tattoos are usually done with

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

HONORmodern technology, but full members are expected to gain an ever-expanding number of tattoos as they gain seniority in the ring, with these latter tattoos being mostly done in traditional ways, by hand. This is seen as a test of the members’ machismo, seeing if they can take the pain of the hours-long work, as much as a source of pride. Each Yakuza member gets their own individual tattoos, choosing topics that are dear to them. Koi are common, as are dragons, while chrysanthemums (the symbol of the Emperor) are popular with those intent on leadership positions. By tradition, these tattoos will eventually cover almost the entire arms and torso, often including the legs, but will leave most of the neck, the hands up to the wrist, and a central strip of the chest untouched. This is so that ordinary clothing can be worn, like the basic corporate suit dress shirt, without revealing one’s status as a Yakuza member. When someone wishes to announce their status, they have but to roll up a sleeve or pull a collar aside to show the tattoos beneath.

- Tattoos are virtually mandatory in the kumi-in but less so in the non-combatant side. Your underbosses will still have them, of course, but a low-ranking accountant might only have a cute flower on a shoulder, if anything at all.

- 2XL

- Oh, and for the record? Magical tattoos are only found in the Chinese Triads, not the Yakuza.

- Glass Walker

Bonus knowledge: The dyes used in the tattoos can be toxic, and covering your skin with them can choke off the ability of your body to unload toxic buildup. This isn’t a fast-acting poison but, instead, over a decade or two, some Yakuza wind up with kidney failure and liver damage. Cyber-replacements are standard, but since 2070 or so, the preferred approach was bioware replacement. In cases of rapid organ failure, however, they turn to black-market organ options. Keep an ear to your street doc and they might give you a heads-up when oji-san is looking for a match.
