---
id: CN-0018
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Network is Formed
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Network is Formed

Groups of paranoid, far-right political parties and organizations began to communicate with each other, and Lucas Moller helped lead the creation of a loose alliance of these groups that came to be known as the Freedom Network. The three founding parties of the Freedom Network were the Moller Institute, the Forum voor Vrijheid, and Popular Will. Cells of the Freedom Network began to be identified using their basic structure and tactics throughout much of the civilized world.

Within the last decade, we’ve seen a spike in violence against technomancers and magicians across Europe. Popular Will seems to be stepping up their actions. Kidnappings became a particularly troubling development in these hate crimes. In a few anecdotal cases, magicians or technomancers were kidnapped and returned to the streets without any knowledge of what happened. All they knew was that they lost access to their talents and abilities.

According to a document that was lifted from Interpol by some entrepreneurial members of the Helix, it looks like these folks were heavily augmented and had a lot of cybernetics. Particularly troubling is that the family members of these people insist that they had no augmentations prior to their disappearances.

- Popular Will is kidnapping people off the streets, implanting them with thousands of nuyen of ’ware, and then kicking them back out? That seems unlikely.

- Snopes

- Unless there’s a reason they were let loose. Maybe they have cortex bombs? Someone could be implanted with a bomb, a personafix chip, and set to go to their destination. Biodrone suicide bombers.

- Plan 9

- There are **so many** things that would need to be precisely perfect for that to be the case. Even if someone was able to do this, it’s extremely inefficient.

- Snopes

To make matters worse for magicians, there was a magically active serial murderer nicknamed the Fiend who was terrorizing several countries in Europe. After the Fiend committed more than two dozen ritual murders throughout the continent, Interpol finally managed to find and kill him with the assistance of freelancers (read: shadowrunners). All of this made public sentiment and fear escalate throughout western and central Europe in particular. But the Fiend managed to grab international headlines, and groups within the Freedom Network quickly used him as a scapegoat to justify their claims.

Now by no means was the anti-magical sentiment a common belief, but in the communities in which the Freedom Network is most active, the polling suggested a statistically significant fear of magicians and technomancers was developing. Thanks to the work of the Helix hackers, we know that the members of the Freedom Network were communicating with each other at the time. Unfortunately, we don’t know what they were saying or doing. For all we know, they may have been coordinating their efforts and directly manipulating elections and the public opinion in plain sight. We’ll never know for sure.

- And rather ironically, the Resonance can assist in this. If it’s been communicated digitally, it can be recovered.

**>** Netcat

We know from the Helix hack that the Freedom Network has established chapters in the UCAS, the CAS, the Free City of Constantinople, the Japanese Imperial State, and the Russian Republic. It is unclear if the Freedom Network is directing activities and efforts, or just a way for these chapters to all communicate with each other. But the relationships are there. If you’re in one of these countries, be aware that these groups exist. And be aware of their predilection for working from the shadows. Your employer might be one of them, or you may be asked to work against one of them. In particular, if you are a magician or technomancer, be on high alert when it comes to these groups.
