---
id: CN-0124
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Insider Knowledge
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Insider Knowledge

Dr. Thomas Shalbermat is actually Dr. Ronald Thomas Halberstam. Everyone who knew about Halberstam was easily able to figure it out due to the fairly obvious pseudonym. Shadow lore has it that Halberstam had a creche of children’s brains in jars that existed entirely upon the Matrix while he researched their development for what he liked to call science. No logical purpose for his work was figured out by the shadow community, who, after much thought and many simdrinks, just shrugged



their shoulders and went, “Mad scientist. Since when have they needed a logical purpose?”

He disappeared from view for a while, and later showed up as Shalbermat working for MCT on various projects. MCT found him because, while he was a genius as a surgeon, cyberneticist, and simsense reprogramming pioneer, he was garbage at hiding his backtrail and was caught by company men. He worked for MCT in various projects for many years until he was finally placed at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Hong Kong, working on technomancers. He mostly did what he does best: experimented on living and conscious beings in horrific ways.

According to MCT’s security cameras, he was killed by Subject ROM #138 in a graphic and horrible manner, and they have turned him into a martyr for the AIPS cause to get donations and other goodwill PR. He was left dead at the hospital while it burned down around his body. A little over a month later, a spammed broadcast sent to hundreds of wi-fi devices for a two-block radius (and from those devices to the data havens) came from ROM #138, who identified himself as Liu Phiang. He admitted that he beat Halberstam/ Shalbermat physically for the torture and abuse he and others suffered under his orders. Liu Phiang admitted to beating him unconscious but said he had left him that way as he tried to escape the spreading fire. Liu Phiang died at the hands of Hong Kong Police while “resisting arrest.” Needless to say, technomancers that haven’t gone corporate have taken Liu Phiang’s story as the truth rather than believe what eventually became obviously (to them) a forged video, pure trid illusion. The fact that Shalbermat is considered a “martyr” has provoked rage in quite a few of the technomancer tribes, and they have made it their duty to see that the truth gets out while attempting to ruin MCT’s attempts at whitewashing their monstrous pet mad scientist. Of the bodies recovered from the ruins of the hospital, Dr. Halberstam’s wasn’t one of them, which fuels conspiracy theorists to this day.
