---
id: CN-0259
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Australia and Oceania
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Australia and Oceania

While STV has offices down under, it is not a sphere of major influence beyond the metroplexes along the coast, as neither the koraji nor the entities that restrict themselves to the Outback have much use for law-twisting servants.

- According to my sources, the merrow tribes residing in the Great Barrier Reef and across the Australasian seas are clients of the Australian head-office, especially for representation and in ecolawsuits against Tanamyre and the Australian government for the destruction of the habitat.

- Shohoj

- And they pay them how?

- Clockwork

- The riches of the sea are plenty. Pearls, sunken treasures, nodules of undersea orichalcum, true water and other Awakened minerals.

- Shohoj

- Like shadowrunners you mean? *tuskgrin*

- Butch

- Hey, low blow!

- Scattershot

While the lawyer is bound (and protected) by confidentiality rules from revealing confidential information to the disadvantage of a client (or for the advantage of the lawyer, or a third person), it makes STV attorneys the next best target as a carrier of this information to the original. Hence, protecting these secrets is imperative for the firm. While mage-lawyers are capable of defending themselves against mind-probing spells, not all lawyers can, and there are many more ways to extract information including but not limited to torture, drugs, and virtual interrogation techniques. Thus, STV invests heavily in physical security, with even more esoteric means of protection (including spirit guardians, artifacts, and alchemical protections) rumored to be among them.

- Remember the Triads and their oath-binding magic used to enforce loyalty and secrecy within their organization? STV adopted this technique for attorneys serving extra-special clients to make sure that confidentiality is never broken, even if it means losing an employee in the process.

- Enigma

As mentioned, STV has their hands in many pies, which means a variety of clients from politics, corporations, the underworld, media glitterati and the uber-rich have STV on speed dial. What makes them stand out are their spectrum of non-human (but often wealthy and influential) clients, including dragons, drakes, shapeshifters, nagas, centaurs, fae, free spirits and the Infected as well as a number of mages, especially dark practitioners such as bocors, blood mages, insect shamans, and toxic arcanists.



**==> picture [295 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Not just bug spirits, likely queens and mothers as well. STV was the law firm that legally supported the Universal Brotherhood in the ’50s after all.

- Enigma

- Motherfraggers.

- Bull

- With respect to the Infected, STV has several legal relationships with Infected groups like Ordo Maximus, Tamanous, or the Body Bank.

- **>** Red

- An astounding menagerie of entities, but the bulk of their clients remains rich mundane metahumans.

- Goat Foot

- Some are eccentrics with an acquired taste for oddities and Awakened artifacts such as the Sixth World Tarot. Didn’t STV help broker several projectors and tarot cards to certain parties and collectors when the tarot appeared? I would not be surprised if STV has one of the most detailed compilations on the cards, their arcane abilities, and information displayed on the cards, in their digital vaults.

- Lyran

- Speaking of the tarot, any connection between the Seelie Court and STV?

- Glitch

- Nothing confirmed. There are rumors that the Royal Steward graced the London office with her presence and entourage at some point after the Yellowstone Calamity. After her disappearance, two senior partners were reported missing.

- Old Crow

- Among the factions, probably either Bastard, Higher Power, or Eclipse would be the most likely to deal with STV, though I would not put it past Shadow (with them, everything is possible) or the Unseelie to seek STV as an ally. They are well suited to navigate the Lady’s Court.

- Frosty

- While we’re discussing oddities, based on recent documents, I found that STV is also the legal representative of Taco Temple. The strangeness continues.

- Dr. Spin

- Is it me, or are there parallels between the Desolation Codex and Taco Temple in how they seem to transform an idea into reality? Just a thought …

- Lyran

- What about the Black Lodge?

- Winterhawk

- This is a bit complicated, as is usual with the Black Lodge. STV does not seem to be their direct pawn, but it is likely that lodges

STARK, THEISSEN, ANDhave meddled in the law firm’s affairs via their clients and see them as a useful tool. Individual lodge members may even be clients, but whether this is known to their attorneys or the named partners is unclear. Given that STV usually tries to avoid hard conflict and is less interested in grander century-spanning schemes than the Black Lodge, STV stays out of the Lodge’s way unless they have to protect a client. It seems that both organizations try to co-exist, acknowledging that conflicting agendas may put them at odds with each other at times. **>** Axis Mundi
