---
id: CN-0251
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: True Advancements
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## True Advancements

In STV, advancements may not come exclusively in the form of money and promotions. The firm devised ways to keep promising partners tied to the company, capitalizing on their expertise in magic and access to their special clients. These “advancements” initiate the partner into an exclusive inner circle and bestow a gift to the attorney, usually through one of STV’s clients: either an extraplanar spirit (through a spirit pact) or the Infected (by an HMHVV infection) that usually requires some sort of personal sacrifice in exchange for power.



Who qualifies for these “blessings” is decided by an inner circle of senior partners and the executive founders called **Das Innere Gremium** (the Inner Committee), who come together on an irregular basis in one of the global offices.

- It can also be other gifts, such as an invite to an elite cult, access to rare metamagics, an artifact, or an introduction to other forbidden arts such as blood magic.

- Elijah

STV’s best local Johnson (and protégé of Thaddeus) got promoted to Senior Partner (with some serious augmentations) and is now completely in charge in coordinating all shadow operations.

- So, they have a Schmidt who is actually a Johnson? Muahahaha….

- Chainmaker

- Witzig.

- Enigma

- Sebastian Gehbauer, the senior partner leading the Düsseldorf office (Rhine-Ruhr-Megaplex) is actually a ghoul who uses his magic to mask his smell and appearance. Whether he was a ghoul before joining STV or whether he was transformed into one as part of his “ascension,” I cannot say.

- Enigma

- Who would want to be willingly transformed into a ghoul? HarzGreenbaum (HMHVV I) I can at least partially rationalize, but Krieger strain?

- Nephrine
