---
id: CN-0043
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Radicalization of the Rainbow warrior
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Radicalization of the Rainbow warrior

To understand GreenWar and its goals, we need to step back a little and look at how environmentalism got radicalized since the beginning of the Sixth World.

Eco-extremism was a response to the massive destructions and exploitation of natural resources in the twentieth century, which were even further fueled with the rise of megacorporations in the twenty-first century. Implementation of exterritoriality, disempowerment of national states, and the advance of economic lobbyism, corporate propaganda, and media manipulation of public opinion all led to the loss of any bargaining chips that conservationist groups had left to legally fight polluters and resource predators. Thanks to private corporate armies and privatization of police institutions, green-motivated rallies were frequently and brutally disbanded by show of force. This powerlessness in the face of megacorporate supremacy became the breeding ground for radicalism of many activists and groups.

We don’t need to forget that all of this happened during the unprecedented exploitation campaign of the Resource Rush and during a time of the greatest ecological disasters of mankind in recent history, such as the Cattenom GAU of 2008 or the Black Tide in 2011. With their backs to the wall, Doomsday fast approaching, and no peaceful options left, many rainbow warriors (conservationist and animal welfare activists alike) decided that direct-action activism was the only path forward to protect the Awakened gaiasphere from ecocide by the hands of metahumanity.

Fast-forward to 2080.

The battle for Mother Nature is still fought without a clear winner in sight. Corporations like Saeder-Krupp, Aztechnology, and MCT (just to name the worst) still exploit natural resources for their personal gain, while eco-shamans and green movements are using magic, mass biotech and

eco-tech to reverse the long-term damages done to ecosystems. However, there has been a power shift over the years. Some megacorporations such as Horizon, Wuxing, and Evo have been actively (and openly) supporting environmentalism, even if most of it is just for good PR.

**>** Don’t let them fool you. They all have committed crimes against the Living Mother, no matter how well they have hidden their skeletons. They all need to pay.

**>** Rappacini

And even great dragons such as Kaltenstein, Hestaby, Mujaji, and Hualpa have actively stepped up in the past to support certain green agendas.

**>** In truth, megacorporations and other powers who control the globe do not want to dismantle green groups. They are much too valuable for them to use them as pawns in their games against their competitors. With most of their groups organized in cellbased structures to support their clandestine nature, it can be difficult to discover where money, resources, and orders really come from. Many of these groups have been subverted by agents of government, corporate, or other clandestine factions, with their green goals just a cover for a more deeply hidden agenda.

**>** Fianchetto
