---
id: CN-0304
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Third Lieutenant
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Third Lieutenant

A position only seen in Japan, the Japanacorps extraterritorial zones, and the few nations where the Yakuza operate openly, the headquarters chief, **so-honbucho** , has evolved into a role as the unofficial third lieutenant and serves as the public face of the ring. In essence, they’re the head of public relations; they speak to the media, tell the police which members may be arrested during a raid, attend fundraisers for politicians, and act as the soft, smiling face of the syndicate to win the public trust. They’re in charge of the legal side of the syndicate, never being involved with anything illegal by design, and they run the legal businesses that the Yakuza own to ensure that the other members aren’t causing trouble on protected property. Of particular note is that the third lieutenant is in charge of media operations, such as idols and pop bands, trideo and simsense operations for the largest rings, and the printing of assorted materials, such as the ring’s monthly magazine, business cards, and entrance exams.

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- Wait. Like the SAT?!

- /dev/grrl

- More like Japan’s infamous college acceptance exams, but yes. A would-be Yakuza who’s a good leg-breaker but doesn’t know the law will be kept around as an associate, not a member, if they can’t score well enough on the test. You only get these in the largest rings, with the Yamaguchi-gumi’s being the most famous, but printed materials are still a big thing, such as a slick corporate newsletter and business cards. When someone is removed from the ring, details of them are sent to all other families as a warning not to associate with the wrongdoer. Sure, there’s a digital version that gets flung around at Matrix speed, but there’s something about a letter on genuine paper, painted by hand with a calligraphy brush, that really seals the deal. First-year washouts get simple email, but when a major mistake happens (such as innocent civilians getting caught in a crossfire) or the retirement of an oyabun, the level of detail taken on the letter shows how important the ring is taking it.

- Sunshine
