---
id: CN-0015
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> KAM'
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** KAM

The Moller Institute had limited success in their research. They found a direct correlation between magical ability and implant usage, for example. They also helped pioneer several magical techniques to counter other magics, which are now widely known as apotropaic magical techniques. The whole concept of counterspelling was legitimized and quantified due to the efforts of the Moller Institute. For the next forty years, they were the darling of the magical academic community.

However, the Crown had decided to cut funding, and the Institute began relying upon private donations to stay afloat. In part due to the demands of these private donors, the Institute began performing clinical trials in the 2060s on volunteers to help better understand how magic works with the human body. These trials definitively proved that there was no genetic component to magical ability or metatype. They proved beyond any reasonable doubt that metahumans, despite our differences, are fundamentally the same. Human-rights groups like Humanis and Human Nation went on to denounce the Moller Institute’s findings, saying that they were pushing an anti-human agenda. The private donaThese trials also looked for a magical way to negate magical ability, essentially fighting fire with fire. This is how the Moller Institute pushed the boundaries of defensive magic, helping to lay the foundation of the apotropaic school of magical defenses.

- It sounds like you’re just hyping this group up and kissing their collective ass. Why is this group included in this screed if they’re so beneficent?

- Borderline

- Read on, chummer.

- Glitch

All this work was important, and it led to advancements we now take for granted. But the Moller Institute had more than its share of failings as well. Some of these trials resulted in massive psychological trauma to the mages. On August 12, 2068, one of these disturbed mages overloaded a combat spell and destroyed the lab with Ravian Moller inside. There were no survivors of the accident, and by this time magicians-rights groups had begun to be concerned about the treatment of the patients.

- The mage who overloaded the lab and blew up everyone inside was named Luz Huitholz. She was a very disturbed individual, living on the streets of Europort. She had a record with the local authorities that seemed to go on for years. Unlicensed solicitation, possession, and unregistered magic use are just the highlights.

**>** Chainmaker



- She was also a member of Noorderlicht.

- Ecotope

- Who or what is Noorderlicht?

- Goat Foot

- They were an eco-terrorist group based out of the United Netherlands. They formed as a response to the Black Tide, and they worked closely with TerraFirst! and other eco-terrorist groups. Rumor has it that they sent Luz in as a suicide bomber to kill Ravian Moller. If this is true, they only made things worse for themselves.

- Ecotope

Initially the public was supportive of the mages who received the experimental treatments. The public saw what was happening to the mages in the Institute’s labs and decided that this was inhumane treatment. A counternarrative began to take shape in the wake of the explosion, following the revelation of contracts from the mages consenting to the treatment, and in finding the alleged bomber’s connections to terrorist groups. Public support for the mages who were in the lab began to wane. In short, Ravian Moller became something of a martyr to a growing anti-magical sentiment.

As a result of Moller’s death, his two children became more influential in this growing group. His son, Lucas Moller, pursued a career in public service. By all accounts, he was an up-and-comer in Dutch politics. After his father’s death, Lucas created his own political party, Forum voor Vrijheid. Ravian’s daughter Anna was also a brilliant scientific mind and kept his work going at the Moller Institute.

On the surface, Forum voor Vrijheid seems like a typical far-right political party. They value individual freedoms, support nationalist ideas, and push an agenda that supports traditional conservative values. Like many extremist political groups, they have found a target to make into a scapegoat for the issues that they support. In this case, those scapegoats are mages and technomancers.

Their beliefs do not really make a lot of sense to me, but I’ll do my best to try to make sense of them and present them in a logical way. Essentially, they believe that because magicians and technomancers have access to the astral plane and the Resonance, they are susceptible to being controlled or influenced by the entities that live in those locations—such as the things sometimes called “mentor spirits.”

- There’ve been discussions for decades about the nature of mentor spirits and paragons. No one seems to have come to a consensus. They can’t be summoned, they can’t be compiled, they can’t be reliably called upon either. And other magicians and technomancers generally cannot interact with the spirit or paragon either. It’s baffling.

- Winterhawk

- When the Awakening happened, governments and academic institutions around the world suddenly found themselves trying to understand these entities’ motivations. In the almost seventy years since, we still know almost nothing.

- Axis Mundi

- Knowing that is the beginning of wisdom, so we would benefit if more people admitted that.

- Man-of-Many-Names

- Doesn’t a group like this have a point? Mages and technomancers who follow paragons and mentor spirits seem to have an almost religious zeal to them sometimes. And if these entities are truly alien, how can we know how they are influencing the Awakened mind?

- 2XL

- So why is this group okay with allowing religion to influence politics but averse to allowing magicians and technomancers to influence politics?

- /dev/grrl

- Anthropologically speaking, religion is a man-made construct. As a result, religion is an acceptable means of influencing metahuman thinking. So despite the idea that a deity is mysterious and their motivations are unknown, it’s fairly predictable when you look at the long term, and that deity’s desires are generally fairly closely aligned with whoever is in power at the moment. In the minds of these people, mentor spirits and paragons are something to be feared, because they are not man-made constructs. Therefore, they are “alien.” They are truly unknowable, and therefore dangerous.

- Winterhawk

The Forum had some early local election wins in part because Lucas Moller was seen as the son of a martyr. FvV was initially not widely known on the national stage. They promoted the opinion that access to magic would open one up to coercion, manipulation, and a loss of the individual’s freedom to choose. It was once they solidified these ideas into a platform that they began to gain ground on the national level. They began promoting the idea that the Awakened should not be permitted to vote or participate in government.

- And this idea began to catch fire, even among some mages. Some mages never come to grips with their abilities, and they are taught that these abilities are somehow “evil” or “unnatural.” The Forum simply gave them a channel for these thoughts.

- Sunshine

- That’s just sick. It’s hard to imagine hating yourself so much that you’d want to somehow neuter yourself. It’s like volunteering for a frontal lobotomy.

- Respec



**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**>** And yet, as many as 4,000 people actually paid to get themselves and their loved ones lobotomized by Dr. Walter Freeman in the 1940s in the United States. Some of these patients were as young as four years old. He was eventually banned from performing surgery, but his work inspired lots of other neurosurgeons to pursue and refine the lobotomy procedure. Granted, this is all meaningless now as lobotomies are never performed when implants can do the trick much better and much safer. But if it wasn’t for those people actively wanting to get lobotomized, we might not have the ability to use cybernetics to cure these things today.

- Butch

- It’s still sick. It was sick then, it’s sick now.

- Respec

To help legitimize the Forum’s policies, the Moller Institute began to publish a series of papers, all under the supervision of Anna Moller, suggesting that magical ability comes directly from contact with the astral plane. The Moller Institute’s papers on the “alien intelligences” known as spirits (particularly mentor spirits) ran completely counter to contemporary magical research that indicated that there was no confirmed “source” of magic, and that it varies from practitioner to practitioner.

- There are still extremely heated debates between practitioners about the “intelligence” of spirits. Some view them as little more than forces of nature. Others view them as being on par with metahuman intelligence.

- Winterhawk

- If only there were a way to communicate with spirits, and ask them questions and such …

- Axis Mundi

- There’s no evidence that a tree is as smart as you are, but if you want to personify them and make them something they aren’t, you are free to get ridiculed in academic circles.

- Winterhawk

- Listen, you bloviated ga—

- Axis Mundi \<2.3 Mp of data deleted>

- Nope, save this fight for a different topic.

- Glitch

Despite the conflict between the Moller Institute and the rest of magical academia, the papers convinced a lot of people that there was a correlation between the astral plane and magical capability. The Forum turned those beliefs to point the finger at the astral plane as a threat. And honestly, who can blame them? Bug spirits have been pouring in for decades, with clearly malicious intent. And shedim—don’t even get me started on shedim.


**>** Touché, mon ami. **>** Lei Kung


There are a lot of reasons for the average person to be extremely afraid of the metaplanes. Especially considering that we don’t have a defense against these sorts of things, or a way to even see them. They’re an extremely effective boogeyman—a boogeyman that Forum voor Vrijheid used to propel themselves onto the national stage.
