---
id: CN-0172
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Projects
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Projects

The Inner Circle can be seen as one guiding Project to which all lesser Projects are subordinate: the pursuit of absolute power. While lesser objectives and resources are cultivated by the Outer Circles, those of paramount importance, sensitivity, or sheer esoteric risk are the purview of the Inner Circle, and while my own insight into them at any given moment is either outdated or something I choose to keep for my own use, there are some I may offer here as a cross section of their objectives and how they go about pursuing them.

I was surprised to discover that your own node has backfiles about OM Projects. Intel is tightly controlled with regard to their work, and no expense is spared to contain a leak. You should all be proud to have survived hosting such data.



**>** Ugh. Condescend a little more, freak.

- Clockwork

- I may never forgive DeVries for making me agree with Clockwork.

their wealth to overcome what barriers stand between them and idealized immortality.

- Can you define “semi-perfected”?

- Red

- Slamm-0!

- So wait, why not just tell us about all of them you know about?

- Chainmaker

  - The target, according to his executioner, claimed to be able to tan and eat food, and they were no longer subject to diurnal fatigue.

  - Nightstalker

- I cannot risk my own hunt with outside interference. If you want to help, you know how to contact me. Otherwise, my secrets are my own.

  - You didn’t do him yourself?

  - Sounder

- Nightstalker

- In other words, he’s hoping the crumbs he drops get picked up and are someone else’s problem.

  - She had earned the right to give rest to a man she once loved. I wouldn’t deny her that, but I would have finished it had she failed.

  - **>** Nightstalker

- Clockwork

  - What makes you think you got it all?

- I’m not going to say I admire that. I’m just gonna tip my hat and smile.

- Rigger X
