---
id: CN-0209
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Slamm-0!'
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Slamm-0!

Head of global Sea Dragon operations, other than Sea Dragon herself, is Khelina Makani. Originally from Hawai’i, she now operates out of the Philippines. She’s a changeling as well, though her thin layer of fur just makes her look like a night one, except she lacks the elven ears since she was born human. All of the others answer to her and that makes her a prime target, but her considerable magical talent and the army of merrows that protect her make her a rather difficult one.

The biggest problem she usually faces is the interception of information intended for her. She has a small cadre of hackers working close to her, but there is a virtual army of others trying to get through her protections and get the inside scoop on Sea Dragon’s doings.

As a note, I should point out that she has help from her new sea dragon kin. All of whom seemed to grow up overnight. Anyone who missed my last report, check out the comment by Frosty. I’m

not exactly sure how it worked, but it did. They haven’t done a lot in public, but in the shadows there have been some suspected contracts and operations from them. There is also work from Sea Dragon’s metahuman operators trying to hold off what they see as a major change in the field. Most fear they are about to be replaced, and Sea Dragon is not the type to offer retirement.

Lastly, I should point out that as a powerful magical being with metaplanar connections, Sea Dragon doesn’t just have Faolain’s ally spirit on the payroll. She employs many spirits and sentient paracritters. As evidenced by some events, she even manages to show influence over simpler paranormal species as well. Sea serpents taking out aquacologies, sharks protecting underwater caches, whales attacking ships, and merrow sabotaging cargo vessels are just a few small examples. She has friends in both high and low places, and through all the layers in between.

- It’s not just the big and scary things. A job out of New Orleans was contracted by a fishing fleet to figure out who was causing their issues when their yields dropped because they were sure it was corporate interference. Turns out the fish were just avoiding their nets, and the Sea Dragon was suspected of being behind it as a way to gain influence over another faction in the city.

**>** Big EZ

The what and why of all of this are always the big questions. What actions are actually related to this or to some other big corporation or world power are sometimes hard to discern. And the why is usually buried, obfuscated, or straight-up lied about in order to keep other powers in the dark.

Before I start this in depth, I’m going to make a confession.

We put together a great little informational download we dubbed the _The Neo-Anarchist Streetpedia_ , and I authored the little blip on Sea Dragon that said, “She may not exert her power like some of her dirtside contemporaries, but don’t be fooled—she is a player in the grand global shadowrunner and power game.” The opportunity made me want to dig deeper, and this is where I’m digging, and what I’m finding is she’s getting more and more willing to flex her ever-accumulating power.

But jump in she has.

Sea Dragon is working to increase her connections and associations in ports and waterside locations around the globe. The efforts are so big now, she knew she couldn’t hide them completely, so she’s made a few big semi-public splashes at the surface to hide the vicious rip current that is building down below. Average SINners are getting the corporate spin, positive or negative depending on whatever shepherd they follow, but higher up and deeper down, they are looking for the big picture.
