---
id: CN-0183
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: LAZARUS
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## LAZARUS

A logical step towards godhead, LAZARUS is research into resurrection magic, utilizing HMHVV, cybermancy, necromancy, blood magic, and other taboo means. Largely thought of as a “cherry orchard” Project, as it is considered unlikely to produce viable results for its intended purpose by current magical theories, it has the side-effect of providing usable data for other Projects. A prestige assignment for Inner Circle members, it is one of the few that openly recruits funding from Outer Circle members, who no doubt consider it a glorious application of magic.

- One which they would, no doubt, hoard for themselves.

- Chainmaker

- Return from death is impossible. There’s just too many factors they’re playing with, here. The closest anyone ever came was making a blood shade, which is just a greater form blood spirit with the memories of it’s corpse host. Might as well summon a shedim and get it over with.

- Ethernaut

- You seem to know a lot about Salazar.

- Red

- I do. I’ve been keeping tabs on him for about thirty years now and clashed with him several times. I wouldn’t be surprised if someday I kill him, he kills me, or we both kill each other.

- **>** Rifleman

- It seems we may have mutual interests, Colonel. May I send you a private message to discuss?

- Nightstalker

- No, you may not.

  - Remember what Many-Names said about assumption being the mother of all fuckups?

  - Red

  - Not the exact terminology, but the point stands. I never underestimate the trouble magic can get rolling, and that’s how I stay alive.

  - Thorn

  - And you can bet your bottom nuyen every single megacorp researches the same thing, by one method or another.

  - Kia

- Rifleman



**>** You’re more right than you know. Rumor has it leónization research isn’t just about life extension, and if you’ve been paying attention, you may recall that the process involves no small degree of HMHVV-derived products. Oh, and let’s remember since nanotech went wonky on us, HMHVV plasmids were used as a replacement for real-time genetech? There’s a little vampire in all of us, at this point.

- The Smiling Bandit

- What does that mean when you factor in this AHRIMAN business?

**>** Riot

- I … hadn’t considered that …

- Doc Fangs
