---
id: CN-0027
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Forum voor Vrijheid
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Forum voor Vrijheid

The Forum strives to maintain a nearly constant presence on Dutch trideo and the public Matrix, preaching their ideas to anyone who will listen. While they certainly have a fair number of politicians in their employ, the Forum makes extensive use of volunteer staff. The volunteers go out and canvas the streets, passing out AROs to anyone who will accept them. The Forum will also employ hackers and shadowrunners to perform jobs

to manipulate data (usually polling data, research, or political ads), intimidate voters who may be on the fence, and perform the occasional outlandish public stunt. One such stunt in 2081 involved a so-called “technomancer attack” on people in Berlin. Turns out that the runner team involved had a technomancer and was tasked with hacking a target. The target was never specified, so the technomancer hacked everyone he could. The runners didn’t know that there was a secondary team from Forum voor Vrijheid recording the whole thing. The Forum then leaked the footage to the media along with some spin. That runner team was last seen attempting to get work in Johannesburg.

The Forum has no shortage of enemies in the political world as well. There are reporters constantly trying to dig into the organization’s records and the past lives of their political operatives. There are also rival organizations that seek to dismantle or weaken the Forum from within, performing personnel extractions and sabotage against their plans. Finally, and perhaps the most difficult to accomplish, there are infiltration jobs against the Forum. Humanis and Alamos 20K would love to see them turned away from their anti-Awakened and anti-Emerged messaging and brought onto an anti-metahuman message, and they may employ runners to help shape that message from within. But there are also organizations such as the Atlantean Foundation that will want to manipulate the leadership and get themselves an inside agent for future operations.
