---
id: CN-0232
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: donovan pyke (Elf)
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## donovan pyke (Elf)

| **B**<br>3 | **A**<br>6 | **R**<br>5 | **S**<br>2 | **W**<br>6 | **L**<br>5 | **I**<br>5 | **C**<br>5 | **EDG**<br>5 | **M**<br>9 | **ESS**<br>6 |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ | ---------- | ------------ |

|             |                  | **NORMAL**       | **NORMAL**      |               |
| ----------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | --------------- | ------------- |
| **DR**      | **I/ID**         | **AC**           | **CM**          | **MOVE**      |
| 5           | 10/1             | A1, I2           | 10/11           | 10/15/+1      |
|             |                  | **ASTRAL**       |                 |               |
| **DR**<br>5 | **I/ID**<br>10/3 | **AC**<br>A1, I4 | **CM**<br>10/11 | **MOVE**<br>— |

**Active Skills:** Astral 7, Athletics 4, Biotech 2, Close Combat 2, Conjuring 9, Enchanting 2, Firearms 4, Influence 7 (Leadership +3), Perception 5, Sorcery 9, Stealth 5

**Knowledge Skills:** Boston Geography, Corporations, Fixers, Magical Traditions, UCAS Politics

**Languages:** English (Native), Sperethiel (Expert)

**Qualities:** First Impression, Honorbound (Bushido), Indomitable, LowLight Vision (elf), Mentor Spirit (Fire-Bringer), SINner (UCAS)

**Magical Tradition:** Hermetic mage

**Initiate Grade, Metamagics:** 5, centering, flexible signature, masking, quickening, spell shaping

**Gear:** Actioneer business clothes (+2), commlink (DR 6, D/F 3/1), Spellcasting focus (Manipulation, Force 5)

**Spells:** Armor, Clairvoyance, Clout, Combat Sense, Confusion, Control Actions, Detect Enemies, Detect Magic, Heal, Increase Reflexes, Lightning Bolt, Mana Barrier, Mind Probe, Mystic Armor, Physical Barrier, Stunball **Weapons:** Unarmed [Close Combat, DV 2S, AR 7/—/—/—/—] Defiance Super Shock [Firearms, DV 6S(e), SS, 10/6/—/—/—, 4(m)]


Donovan graduated from high school that year and went on to study magic, taking a Bachelor of Science in Astral Forensics and joining the FBI in 2034. After a decade with the Bureau, Pyke took up contract work, ultimately landing a position with Aegis Cognito in the late ’40s. He spent the next quarter century as an operative working throughout several of the world’s hot spots and tipping points, honing his broad skillset and expanding a global network of contacts.

He retired in 2074, wealthy and connected, intending to invest in local businesses. In 2076, when the quarantine was ordered in Boston, Donovan found himself in the middle of it. Seeing his hometown ravaged by CFD, he simply acted, falling back on years of training and leading. In the chaos, he naturally sought out capable individuals and organized them. Simple as that, Donovan Pyke was a big fish in a small shadow pond.

It’s hard to pinpoint his motivations, but since then, he’s taken a keen interest in organizing shadowrunners into a union. It might be purely biz. Some say he’s trying to save his mother, by proxy; his focus on professionalism and completing the task with minimal collateral damage may be intended to keep innocents from perishing in the crossfire. In the end, it may just be that it’s something to do. A lot of retirees find themselves pining for busier days, none more so than the ones with the sort of breakneck career Pyke had.

Having corralled a good portion of the shadows
