---
id: CN-0184
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: AVERNUS
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## AVERNUS

AVERNUS deals in Transdimensional Barrier Fatigue theory and seeks, among other sundry uses, to provide stable magitech astral rifts for travel and resource exploitation. Frankly, while I believe this technology is dangerous for metahumanity to possess in any fashion and stand against it, I know that the world will move in this direction inevitably, and there is no point in standing in its way. The recent uptick in reported rifts has provided a lot of work for this Project. This is a big worry; the Ordo could abuse rifts in dangerous ways, so I will leave you with this notion: any megacorporation would pay a king’s ransom for this kind of paydata, especially if you happened to be the only one in possession of it.

- That one was right to the point.

- Slamm-0!

- It’s not like they’re the only ones doing it. DF machines are a minor Holy Grail right now, with everything from infinite energy sources to instantaneous travel to extraplanar mining to theoretical Awakening. What it ends up doing could be anyone’s guess, but everyone in the industry is eager to find out.

- Lyran

- Doors go both ways, and some, once opened, cannot be closed again.

- Man-of-Many-Names

- Seconded. Look, I want portal travel as much as the next commuter, but there’s too many awful things out there to just start cracking open the barriers between this world and the next. It’s way, way too soon for it.

- Red

- And let’s not forget what history tells us about invading someone else’s lands in the name of resources.

- Goat Foot



- It would be an ironic twist if the Ordo paydata actually showed how to do it safely, or safely close unstable portals, right?

- Slamm-0!

- You really haven’t been reading this very closely, have you, honey?

- **>** Netcat

- For all the forces that would love to do this, there are unseen but powerful forces ensuring it won’t work the way they want it to.

- Orange Queen


pain, and an inability to use any inherent abilities like regeneration. Absorption of flawed metaphysical energy can’t be purged like poison, so they have to burn through the energy if they can, which, while offering none of the normal enhancements, leaves them starved.
