---
id: CN-0207
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'A Road to Perdition - Posted by: Poseidon'
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Road to Perdition

## Posted by: Poseidon

Seems I’m in, and I get to rant! Okay, I can’t rant, I have to back things up with something a bit more useful, so this might get heavy, but I am sure some of you are going to think I’m as batdrek as Plan 9 and Ecotope. If that’s the case, I say I’m in good company considering what I’m about to put down. All of what follows is my truth on where I think we’re headed with the Sea Dragon. She’s made a few “public” appearances recently, and while they don’t clear up a whole lot, they make the waters a little less murky. To offer up full disclosure: I get funding from the Draco Foundation, so there is a little bit of bias there, but a paycheck and small expense account can’t quite buy sycophantic loyalty.

I’ll just get to ranting, and I can’t wait to come back and read all of your comments.

- He won’t have any comments or rebuttals to comments. Poseidon was gunned down during some random street violence in Austin. We can all be pretty sure it was a hit, but it wasn’t the kind that sent a message. Except maybe the message that we are insignificant and can be eliminated with no one being the wiser.

- **>** Glitch

A good reporter makes sure to cover the who, what, where, why, and when of things. I gave a bit of where in my last report and covered the top level of who (the Sea Dragon), but I didn’t offer a lot on those who work for her. Let me start by clarifying some future issues and even some comments I got on that last bit I wrote.

Sea Dragon. I’ve stopped putting “the” in front and simply make it a name. But, that got more complicated when the other sea dragons were born (and not to mention that slug, Terasca). While they’ve not announced names yet, they can’t all just be capitalized Sea Dragon. And only one of the brood can claim to be Adult Sea Dragon (I hope that becomes a thing). Back to the point: Muddying the moniker miasma is her meeting in San Juan. She met with several political liaisons using a “voice” and has chosen to allow the metahumans to call her Reina del Mar.

Yes, that roughly translates to “queen of the sea.” Just capitalized like a formal name. I personally would have preferred she make the announcement in Hawai’i and we could call her Ali’i o ka Moana, but I don’t see her as an “Allie.” Reina suits her better. But now we have to add “Reina del Mar” to searches that already include Sea Dragon, Great Leviathan, Great Sea Dragon, and majestic bitch-queen of the seas. Really, search the Matrix. That last one gets a ton of Sea Dragon traffic.

- Oh, Allie works just fine. Allison Moana is all over the records for her properties and businesses in Hawai’i. It’s how a hacker working for me back in the day linked up stuff I commented on in the Clutch file.

- Kay St. Irregular

Too far off topic, sorry. We can say that she’s chosen a name. That’s bad news. She’s chosen a “voice,” who has since been identified as Selena Juarez. That’s bad news (especially for Selena, since it gets worse). She used that meeting to inform Borinquen that Selena will be taking over political control of the island in her place. That was the worst part, and it was incredibly dangerous. It was like declaring war.

And then … they agreed.

It’s not like they handed over the island. They set up a special election with Selena Juarez on the ballot, and she’s polling way out in the lead. With each new person who learns Juarez’s connection to Reina del Mar, she moves further ahead.

In sum, Selena Juarez, former NatVat factory worker, is the voice of Sea Dragon, a.k.a. Reina del Mar, and Borinquen is looking to be the next draconic fiefdom. And my point with all this was just to mention she has chosen a name. Man, I do know how to rant.

- I wouldn’t bet on that. Sea Dragon wants the sea. This is a staging point for something, or maybe just a place to set up meetings where Reina can get all the delegates drunk on rum runners before eating them like rum-soaked cherries. More seriously, it is a warm and shapeable place where she can invite people to meetings and let them enjoy her hospitality. From what we’ve read other places, none of her other lairs, even Hawai’i, are really designed for air-breathing guests.
