---
id: CN-0319
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "> Like carnival games! I loved Fozzy\u2019s Pizza when I was a kid! > Slamm-0!"
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Like carnival games! I loved Fozzy’s Pizza when I was a kid! **>** Slamm-0!

To get around gambling laws, behind every pachinko parlor is a small pawn shop, usually run by a retired Yakuza member, who will buy the prizes you can win for a fraction of their listed value. The same business is also willing to loan money and create lines of credit in case you want to buy some of the merchandise kept on site. Of course,

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

IT’Smost of those who take out credit then walk around the block to the pachinko parlor and gamble it away, but there’s no law against that. At the end of the night, a worker at the pachinko parlor is sent around to buy new prizes from the pawn shop (which are the same prizes that the pawn broker bought, of course), to restock for the next day of business. By keeping the businesses technically separate and above board, it remains legal in most countries (and the Japanacorps finesse the laws when necessary, or in extreme cases lend their extraterritorial status to parlors so they can conduct business).

BTLs, drugs, and gambling, plus the legal operations, make up three quarters of the Yakuza’s entire income.

- That’s insane!

- Quicksilver

- That’s the power of addictive behaviors.

- Icarus
