---
id: CN-0112
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: <RRW has joined the chat> - ///Secure LiveStream Room 77-55-55/3,
page: 54
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **<RRW has joined the chat>**

## **///Secure LiveStream Room #77-55-55/3,**

Slamm-0-Matic©®™ Audio-Visual Feed

Dolby TrueHD Wireless Live (DTWL) <Cracked By: Hacker House> VPN: JackPoint, 1048:12 Zulu

...Password Accepted/ACCESS GRANTED.../// CURRENT USERS: Glitch <Admin>

/dev/grrl <Authorized User> Balladeer <Authorized User> Beaker <Authorized User> Butch <Authorized User> Ethernaut <Authorized User> Icarus <Authorized User> Man-of-Many-Names <Authorized User> Matt Wrath <Authorized User>

- And that is why Matt Wrath cannot ever go to Toronto ever again.

- Matt Wrath

- Hey, got in with half the time as before. I like this new deck my boyfriend got me for my unbirthday! So, this seems to be the only happening place on the JackPoint tonight. What's up?

- RRW

- Slamm-0!—or rather, his little kiddle—has found a plea for help from an MMO of all things, which actually was legit after Daddy and I checked it out. I still can't believe the kid has the chops to pay me in virtual game money. Worked, though. Getting me that gold plating for my firearms that I've been eyeballing for a while now.

- Icarus



- Considering his parents, grandparents, godparents, and so on, this doesn't surprise me in the least. FastJack taught the kid how to look at the game code and figure out how to abuse glitches. Fred just namesquatted “FastJack” on all those games as soon as they came out and gifted them to his kid.

  - Matt Wrath always makes sure any Mr. Johnson who wants to go on a job can defend himself and make it to the payout. Or if Mr. Johnson tries to screw Matt Wrath with a little gun, then Matt Wrath gets revenge.

  - Matt Wrath

- Glitch

- The little guy is, what, eight years old? Some of these games have been out for a while longer.

  - Considering the number of concussions he's had, that is actually a wise thing to do. Sorta.

  - Butch

- /dev/grrl
