---
id: CN-0258
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Red - Clients: Rich or Exclusive'
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Red

## Clients: Rich or Exclusive

Most of what STV does is in service of their clients. This means their attorneys value attorney-client privilege and confidentiality above all else. Honesty and trust between the acting attorney and a client are key in this relationship, as STV can only work efficiently to protect a client (especially in criminal lawsuits) if the client discloses everything pertaining (or related) to the issue at hand, even if that means that those lawyers become aware of their clients’ illegal and corrupt activities.

- Given the things that some of their clients are involved with, these attorneys must be quite emotionally disconnected to be able to stomach and process all this.

- Scattershot

Cairo itself has always been a focal point of (arcano)-archaeological research and relic hunting. Arcane power in Egypt is focused and bound by an array of power sites, represented on the physical plane by the ancient monuments such as the Pyramids, or other buildings in the ruins of Abydos and Karnak, some of which manifested astral constructs during the Year of the Comet. STV has always been interested in having access by supporting whoever is currently controlling these sites of power. Since alchera have increased in frequency and depths in the last year, with whole cities (including echoes of their inhabitants) reappearing, Cairo has become a hotbed for arcano-archaeologists, historians, and linguist again, to the frustration of many STV clients, who would prefer to go about their business undisturbed.
