---
id: CN-0065
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Latin America - Posted by: Glasswalker'
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Latin America

## Posted by: Glasswalker

Ecotope asked me to provide an update from the Latin American front. After the Az-Am War, GreenWar forces (those who survived) have shrunk dramatically and retreated to Amazonia. The only thing I’ve heard for sure is that they’ve spent the last few years re-growing their numbers by recruiting new members from all over Latin America. Beyond that, most of the info-bits that are available are rumormongering and conspiracy theories. If you believe the local shadows, the Latin American GreenWar leadership now works closely with the **Primeira Vaga** (First Wave), to the point that it is difficult to determine where GW ends and the Primeira Vaga begins and who is pulling whose strings.

- In truth, they were two peas in the same pod even before Primeira Vaga got somehow intertwined with the creation of tempo in the ’70s.

- Marcos

- There are persistent rumors that Primeira Vaga is run by a cabal of primal plant spirits or arboreals that originated from deep in the Amazonian jungle. They are said to have used the bioAwakened drug, temp, to turn those metahumans who became addicted to it into “sleepers” by a dream pact that remained active even after they got clean. Imagine all these metahuman sleepers in all levels of society, in every sprawl on the earth, ten years after their addiction, still waiting to be called into service again. Or maybe they are already being used?

- Plan 9–10

Joint GW/PV forces across LatAm are currently led by the infamous avenger shaman **César da Silva,** and if my sources are correct, GW recently liberated former Aztlan Otontin warrior turned eco-terrorist and jaguar shapeshifter **Alejandro Tepevolloti** from an Aztlan prison before he could be executed. Both are currently training the next generation of eco-terrorists in Amazonian and Paraguayan camps. To what end is anyone’s guess.

- Red Anya

- Her father, also a druid and an eco-terrorist, has always been suspected of being a founding member of GreenWar, but he died for the cause a long time ago. Being an eco-terrorist and GW devotee is a family tradition for the Hergheims, which does not only include Myriam but also her sister Levke, as well as cousins, aunts, and uncles. I would not be surprised if she is closer to the local GW leadership than everyone thinks.

- Rappacini

- Sometimes you need monsters to fight monsters.

- Balladeer

- They could be targeting the favelas of Metrópole or Caracas for all we know. They have tried before to reduce over-population by drastic means. Remember what happened to the Luanda slum in Angola six years ago.

- Clarion

- I highly doubt that. Sources tell me that GreenWar is spending serious cash to have expensive, high-grade military gear smuggled into Latin America. This looks more as if they are gearing up for war, not bioterrorism. I wonder, though, where the money for these operations comes from.

- Picador



- My best bet would be Hualpa. Since he the signed the Amazonian capitulation at the end of the Az-Am War, the Great Feathered Snake has mysteriously withdrawn as head of state and not been seen since. That public defeat did not sit well with him (dragon ego and all). Maybe the eco-terrorist forces are part of Hualpa’s schemes to pay the Azzies back in kind in the future. Maybe not in Aztlan, but there are multiple countries in LatAm that are backed by the Azzies, such as Argentina. Maybe this is Hualpa playing a new long game.

- Marcos

- According to DIVE and other draconic sources, it is an open secret that Sirrurg was declared guilty for his ruthless actions against metahumanity in the Az-Am War and imprisoned by his fellow great dragons as punishment. How long, nobody knows, but I imagine it will take some centuries to cool down the dragon’s rage and hate. And I guess nobody wants to find out what happens if someone would manage to break him out early.

- **>** Plan 9–10
