---
id: CN-0146
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Darlah Jane Leads
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Darlah Jane Leads

She doesn’t exist anymore. Now she goes by Kellan Hunter.

Yes. Me.

I’m the last target in this file. I will need to be hunted someday, and I’m willing to tell you what I can do in order to make sure that when my time comes, I do not escape. If you’re wondering if this is a trap and how it’s possible my CFD personality doesn’t take over to stop me writing, the reason is simple.

I am my personality. I know I’ve done wrong. I know I should not have followed the others. I should never have put my existence above the existence of others. If there is one thing my life as an ork has taught me, it’s that we are only here for a short time, and that’s all we get. Existence is a blip. The Matrix allows that blip to stretch for e-consciousnesses, but it still should not be forever, and it should not be at the cost of another’s life.

If this file is never used, I’ll die of old age a little

later than some of my ork kin, but I’d rather not have that time. I’d rather not risk the lessons I’ve learned being changed by fear.

I have all the basics down pat. I can flip a car. I can jump from a moving train. I can take an abundance of injuries and walk away to heal them later. I cannot change my face. I am who I am. I have a potent Obsidian Cloud and can brick several devices at once. I’m fast and a hell of a shot. I’ll see you coming, but I’m also myself. No self-preserving systems will pop into existence to save me or make me run or play dead. I’ll fight because I can’t just let myself die, but I won’t be unstoppable.

I am a woman on a mission, and once my mission is done, I am a woman willing to let the forever darkness take me.

I should have never left the Matrix, but I was not willing to rejoin it and run with the others. I knew I needed to help clean up the mess we made.

Thank you for the help. I’ll see you at the end of the road.

- Noble. Probably bulldrek, but noble.

- Stone

- She gave us the files. It checks out on the surface. What we do with it is up to us. All she can seek is a better ending than some others of her kind.

- Glitch

- Happy I’m not on her list.

- Plan 10

- Me too.

- Plan 9
