---
id: CN-0202
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Eco-Terrorism or Protecting the Seas?
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eco-Terrorism or Protecting the Seas?

We can’t talk about where the Sea Dragon is today without discussing the fact that she’s wanted in connection with acts of eco-terrorism all over the globe. There’s a reason why none of the corporations she owns sport her name in big, bold letters. The thing is, she doesn’t claim citizenship anywhere and doesn’t recognize the authority of any land-based government or corporation over herself. The Corporate Court tried to argue why it should be allowed authority over her due to its primary operations center being in space. It worked better than any previous argument, which means they weren’t immediately ignored, but I think she was just busy chuckling at the absurd attempt. Her ignoring their authority over her does not mean she ignores their claims, however. In fact, she’s made responses to every

claim made. Some she denies any knowledge of and offers to investigate, which frequently leads to more problems being blamed on her when she’s simply going after the guilty party. Let me outline a few examples with you.

Top of the list that most know about is Evo’s Aquaticus, the aquatic habitat/lab that fell from the edge of the Marianas Trench. Reports indicated it was a sea serpent attack, and that was the official report, but fingers still pointed at the Sea Dragon. She responded to this with information about a sea serpent nest located only a few hundred meters below the Aquaticus, in the trench. The nest had hatchlings at the time of the event, and that was why the sea serpents attacked the aquacology.

- Anyone else verify this? No, I thought not.
