---
id: CN-0058
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Agroterrorism
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Agroterrorism

Agroterrorism is the deliberate introduction of a pathogen either against crops or livestock or into the food chain to undermine socioeconomic stability and/or generate fear. You might be surprised to how vulnerable agricultural andfood industries are to this type of terrorism. Most proprietary seeds and livestock these days (used mostly in drone-automated mass-farming facilities) originate from few megacorporations that have divided the markets among themselves: Meridional Agronomics, Aztechnology, AG Chemie, Yakashima, and Shiawase Biofood. Our life has become so dependent on monocultures (soy, rice, wheat, mycoprotein, etc.) that infecting any of those with an engineered airborne plant virus could lead to a food crisis of unseen proportions. Given that such pathogens are not easy to create and crops are being made hyper-resistant, GW often settles for the next best thing, i.e., the destruction or electronic subversion of mass-farming installations. Think Borinquen, but not as big.

- Like the recent hack of an AGC tank meat installation by the GreenWar decker known as Tiefgrün (Deep Green) in Wuppertal. Not only were the few on-site personnel killed by subverted drones, but Tiefgrün introduced heavy metals into the meat structure. Tons of subsequently produced convenience foods had to be recalled, costing AGC a fortune (public shitstorm and casualties by poisoning aside).
