---
id: CN-0080
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Open File: 0313-B \<decryption complete/opening transcript>'
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Open File: 0313-B \<decryption complete/opening transcript>

Notes: following is an intercepted transmission between shadowrunner known as “Thirty.06” and presumed “Ms. Johnson.”

**Thirty.06:** Pick up, frag you…

***comm-connection made***

**Ms. Johnson:** You’re calling early. I was not expecting your next message for another three days at least. Is there a problem?

**Thirty.06:** Yeah, there’s a problem, a big fragging problem!

**Thirty.06:** Yeah, they’re still drugged up and in the containers you gave us. They’re fine, but I just lost another of my team! That’s three total! You never said anything about this kind of response! You said this would be an easy snatch! You never said that their supposedly “low-class” families would be a pushovers or—what was it—oh yeah, a “non-factor.” But yet they managed to hire a bunch of bad-ass motherfraggers to recover their kids! Or somebody did! Ghost … they took Kinjo’s head off with just one swipe … so damn fast …

**Ms. Johnson:** Get yourself under control. What’s your situation?

**Thirty.06:** We …we, ah … we were at one of our safehouses, prepping for the next leg of our … and then we were attacked. They took out Shiloh first, sniper shot right through his eye! Then they tried to breach, but House pinned them down with his MG. We, we got away, but it was a running firefight. Lucky shot with a drone took out our transportation … they chased us like dogs …

**Ms. Johnson:** I did not ask for a recap. Are you secure now?

**Thirty.06:** Yeah, we found a place. I got them to back off, told them … I threatened to start geeking brats if they

- …

**Ms. Johnson:** You what?! How dare you?! If you knew what they …

**Thirty.06:** Hey, don’t drek on me about how I do my job! You’re not here! I’m not gonna do anything to harm them, but they don’t know that. It worked, and they backed off.

**Ms. Johnson:** Very well. What is your location? I can arrange for an escort to …

***sounds of gunfire/explosions for 237 seconds***

**Ms. Johnson:** Are you still there? Are you there?! <unknown language: unable to translate>!!!

***sounds of gunfire/unidentified sounds for 309 seconds***

**Ms. Johnson:** Are you still there? Answer me!

**Unidentified Individual \<warning: vocal distortion detected>:** Don’t bother, they’re all gone. The children are now safe. And consider this a warning to the rest of Ordo and you specifically. They are now lost to you. Do not try to find any of them again. And if you disregard this warning, we will unleash Hell, starting with you. Nihil veremur noctis …

***Connection terminated***

\<<<End of File>>>

- What was that last part?

- Danger Sensei

- It’s Latin. Crude, but it will translate roughly to “we do not fear the night.” I don’t know if whoever did this is incredibly brave or foolish.

- Icarus

- That sounds like either a threat, a challenge, or both. Got prets.

- Kane

**Ms. Johnson:** Calm your tone and lower your voice. What is your situation? Are the objectives unharmed?



- Especially if you’ve already read the other chapter in this file.

- Red

- Oh, it gets better and starts showing some possible connections. A new contact of mine actually got this months before I started snooping around. But when they found out about some of the things I was looking for, they sent this to me.

- Lyran
