---
id: CN-0253
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: North American Division
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## North American Division

The North American division is led from the Federal District of Columbia, where the STV office dates back to the pre-Awakened USA. With the change in the political landscape, affiliate offices where created in Atlanta (CAS), New York City (as an exterritorial enclave and seat of many corporations), and Cheyenne (Sioux Nation), where the Sovereign Tribal Council of the NAN resides.

- Given the political scene of Denver with its different sectors, the Denver office also held a certain significance in the past. Since Ghostwalker re-organized the city, STV kept even further behind the scenes as usual, as the great dragon does not seem to have much love for some of their clients and their lawyers.

- Kay St. Irregular

Given the importance of the Washington office to overall North American business (including its expansion), it is run by another triumvirate of STV: the enigmatic Althea Stark, Rudolph Theissen, and Thaddeus Van der Mer. They exert direct control over the entire firm’s activities in DeeCee.

With the UCAS in turmoil post-Detroit, the STV head office, which is located a scant two kilometers from the UCAS Capitol building, has been in crises mode for over a year now, with several schemes, deals, fixes, and moderations running in parallel with other offices. After some shadows event in FDC a few years back, **Madeline Schmidt** ,

Schmidt is a human female in her mid-forties who looks at least ten years younger. She has a quiet “German” demeanor, latest corporate-chic business fashion, stern look, and brunette hair usually tied to a tight bun, which is why many have mistaken her as S-K Johnson in the past (a mistake she has played to her advantage).

While attention has primarily focused on the UCAS, dire news seems to have reached STV from their New Orleans clients (the Zobop, the krewes) in relation to the recent fraying of reality’s fabric. This has prompted Schmidt to send some runners to their office in the Crescent City for damage prevention and client protection.

- Things are brewing in the Big Easy concerning more than mambos and houngans. Alchera, gateways, and magic distortions have been reported near **La Rivière du Mort** , the part of the Mississippi flowing through New Orleans. Will-o’-the-wisps are commonly seen floating over the river at night, and some claim that people who drown in the river come back as infested walking corpses, but it is not shedim that are inside. Some whisper “the Door to Guinee” has opened somewhere beneath the waters, but I fear it could be something much darker. New things haunt the bayous. Metaplanar things. Even spirits like La Malice are concerned; they fear the competition from the other side, trying to break through. Beware what’s coming.

- Abrecadavre
