---
id: CN-0049
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'History: Poisoned Roots'
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## History: Poisoned Roots

Founded in the wake of the Black Tide in 2011, allegedly in the nowadays Free Hanseatic City of Hamburg in the Allied German States (AGS), GreenWar always had strong roots in green movements across Central Europe.

Their actions until the 2020s—such as the bombing of the International Whaling Commission office (GreenWar’s first public appearance) or the magical manipulation of a toxic oil spill near Aberdeen that created the Scottish Fringe Zone—lured many European environmentalists to GreenWar, whose former NGOs had been actively dismantled through lack of funding or corporate machinations. Vulnerable to a more extremist green doctrine to fill their inner void, many of them joined their ranks to manifest their anger more militantly.

- It has always been a mystery to me how their radical/toxic ecoshamans managed to pull off something like the creation of the Scottish Fringe so early after the Awakening. So either this was a clusterfrag that was supposed to go differently or dragons and free spirits have been meddling in metahuman affairs by providing arcane training to the worst of the worst since the beginning of the Sixth World.

- Winterhawk

As modern eco-terrorism grew and many disenchanted conservationists hit new levels of disillusionment, these poisoned roots rapidly spread across the globe. Thus GreenWar first infected and then quickly assimilated other small extremist groups like **Individualistas Tendiendo a lo Salvaje** (ITS) in Latin America, **Mpomponsuo** (meaning “responsibility” in Akan) in Western Africa, or 后土 ( _hòutu_ in Mandarin, literary meaning “vast earth”) across Asia, and many more.

With their growth in numbers and the formation of cell-based networks in many countries, GreenWar attacks, killings, and massacres subsequently became common violent spikes in the noise of eco-activist media coverage. In times of wars and with militant attacks (turf wars, underworld shake-ups, corporate skirmishes, meta persecution) being on the rise in most sprawls, GreenWar attacks only reached the headlines if casualties were in the hundreds or involved prominent victims. Or when attacks were so abhorrent that they easily caught subscribers’ attention, such as the acid strike on the Saeder-Krupp Algarve Water Resort in the ’40s that left many corporate families (including children) with nasty acid burns that scarred them for life.
