---
id: CN-0227
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Seattle - Posted by: Facet - \<Uploaded 02-14-81/1831:54>'
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Seattle

## Posted by: Facet

## \<Uploaded 02-14-81/1831:54>

Hey, just saw all of this union stuff, and it fits right into what we’ve been seeing here.

So, Seattle’s definitely been in a bit of an upheaval lately, what with Potter giving UCAS the boot and all. With everything that’s been going on, you’d think there’d be an uptick in work-related activity on ShadowSea, but it’s been pretty even-keel. If anything, there was even less chatter. Several active fixers practically disappeared off the boards for a few days, and some of them haven’t come back.

- That actually tracks with a few contacts of mine that just fell off the grid.

- Haze

- Police found Lyle Green in his doss up in Bellevue. Said he’d been killed. Shame, he was a nice all-around, always an easy night with him. Wonder if it’s related?

- SEAtac Sweetie

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- That’s horrible. Something we should look into—maybe we can meet up and compare notes?

- Haze

- Slot off and die.

- SEAtac Sweetie

- They’re obviously taking advantage of the changing tides, but this is going to be a non-starter for sure.

> Bull

- They’ve already got a foothold, though. One way or another, this situation is going to get bigger.

- DangerSensei

- Poor Haze can’t catch a break. Couldn’t happen to a nicer guy.

- Sunshine

- Until it pops.

- Bull

Stuff like this seems benign on the surface, but a few of our sysops enjoy crunching whatever data they get their virtual mitts on. What they came up with was interesting. Seems this had been going on since a couple of months before “Declaration Day,” and the fixers in question started interacting with each other more and others less. Some of these folks never even chatted before; now it’s like they’re chummers for life. The only other thing all of them had in common was that short absence. What’s more, besides whatever fixer knitting club they had gotten themselves into, we started seeing them pulling in the same names, like they had a specific pool of runners they were using to assemble teams.

Of course, fixers have favorites, but we were seeing them mixing and matching from each other’s talent pools in a way they hadn’t done before. Every once in a while, we’d see a new name join their roster. Sure looked like a closed network to me.

Got confirmation from a chummer that it was basically a test run for early access to the “Jade Lodge.” One of his buddies recommended him, so they brought him in to see how he’d do. The tryout part was supposed to be hush-hush, but his mate let the cat out of the bag trying to butter him up for it.

- Yeah, he went on and on about it, wouldn’t shut his trap. I thought he was trying to drag me into some kind of cult.

- > Phase

Looks like Mr. Pyke’s bankrolling some old friends, and they’re putting down roots. Eddie Wei is a Chinatown businessman rumored to have ties with the Triad, and Ms. Snow is an albino elf who just kind of showed up in Seattle. Even though she’s a stranger to the Emerald City, she can be tied to a lot of Pyke’s past ops, and I wouldn’t discount anything about her. Neither has jumped into ShadowSea, but they haven’t been afraid to manage their business personally; when talking about the Lodge’s Mr. Johnson, my friend described Wei to a T.

So, yeah, it looks like they’re on the West Coast doing whatever thing it is that they do. It blows my mind that someone would even think this is possible, especially in a sprawl like Seattle, but it looks like they’re going to give it the old college try.

- I’m getting too old for this drek.

- Butch
