---
id: CN-0054
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Rappacini - > Speaking from experience, eh?'
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Rappacini

## **>** Speaking from experience, eh?

- Hard Exit

Operational cells (often called raid or strike cells) of four to six eco-warriors form a local or regional network and answer to regional or continental leaders. Strike cells are usually self-sustainable in their operations, meaning they usually consist of a full team of experts not unlike shadowrunners—decker/technomancers, (drone) riggers, gun-runners/tanks, demolitions experts, faces/demagogues, adepts/mages/eco-shamans (often initiated)—which can make it difficult for law enforcement to keep them apart. Given their dark green agenda, Awakened members are more frequent than in any other terrorist organization.

- They have some pretty rad deckers and technomancers as well, using Globewatch and other eco-motivated hacktivists to shanghai them into the cause.

- Chainmaker

While the cells receive funds/resources from their local cell leader who oversees operation within a region, cells frequently employ the shadow economies for gear and information. In the past, every cell selected their targets independently, but this seems to have changed to some degree in the past decade, with cells now being networked for larger operations.

- Rumor has it this was only achieved after an otaku-turnedtechnomancer called Fibonacci following a strange paragon she calls the **Lifeplan** or **Architecture of Life** joined GreenWar leadership in the ’70s.

- Rappacini

Eco-warriors (or genocidals) are usually groomed from green direct-action groups based on their skills and susceptibility (or openness) for GW doctrine and self-sacrifice.



- GreenWar always had eloquent and charming recruiters who know how pick targets and what to say to bring someone into or close to the organization. Some of the long-time operatives support the organization in their older age by acting as Mr. Johnson or influencing and training the next generations.

- **>** Rappacini

If they have not already received it by being part of a militant group, candidates are subjected to extensive paramilitary training (in areas such as firearms, IEDs, armed and unarmed hand-tohand combat, small unit tactics, Matrix security, and electronics) and indoctrination in one of GW’s many training camps. These camps are usually located in remote, rural areas such as forests or mountains and sometimes are mobile. Well-hidden from aerial surveillance by natural canopy, natural structures (such as caves and underground portions), modern camouflage technology, or magical means, they are very difficult to find or detect, even by satellite searches.
