---
id: CN-0173
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: TERMINUS
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## TERMINUS

Easily one of the Holy Grails for all Ordo Maximus members is the nullification of the drawbacks of Infection. What vampire doesn’t dream of a return to the daylight, of enjoying a meal or a drink? Simple pleasures and conveniences are taken for granted by metahumanity, but more than mere comfort, the elimination of HMHVV’s varied vulnerabilities would mean immortality without cost. Immortality of age giving way to true immortality of self, unkillable and beyond the reach of death. Power without price is the dream. The TERMINUS Project is one example of this pursuit, and it came perilously close to success.

TERMINUS, insofar as I was aware after the incident that brought it into my orbit, was brought down by its Project leader’s self-involvement. A vampire of considerable skills, he had attempted to overcome his own weaknesses through real-time genetic engineering, resulting in unforeseen side effects that effectively crippled him. Seeking a living descendent, he needed similar genetic material to experiment on to perfect the process and, presumably, his own state. While I can confirm his death and the termination of his descendent (the only known semi-perfected vampire from the Project), my own efforts to destroy all the research data remains uncertain. While I suspect the Project leader hoarded his lore in an attempt to get the edge on his competition, it is quite possible some was leaked somewhere or another.

Even if all the data was successfully purged, there is no doubt that TERMINUS, or a similar Project, remains a point of research focus for the Ordo. There is simply no way they will not utilize

- Riot

- The absence of OM vampires walking in daylight in the decades since.

- Nightstalker

- Fair.

- Riot

- What happened to the executioner?

- /dev/grrl

- That’s not your concern.

- Nightstalker

- Oh look, my EmeraldGrid Translator app says that means “dead.”

- Hannibelle
