---
id: CN-0225
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Motor City
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Motor City

Posted by: Firebird \<Uploaded 02-02-81/1949:24>

I know that we’ve heard a lot about Detroit— sorry, Motor City. Anyway, I don’t really have to catch you up on that mess. But the hot question you probably have on your mind is whether this guy Pyke has been trying to organize a movement here. Well, the short of it is that we already got us a movement here. With the Platinum Trollgirls and Marv, we don’t need some outta-towner coming in here telling us how to run our biz!

But apparently, he was in town. See, I came in last week on a resupply for the ’burbs and chatted with some of the folks in the Platinum Zone. Sure enough, someone came looking to help out the effort, but they just had too many strings attached. The way they described him matches everything here, some elf in tasteful threads and a military bearing. Dead ringer, right? Talked up the big talk of good pay and solid backup and all that. Talked about consolidating work to run through some central hub or some drek. What the hell are they thinking? Hey, if you want to do runs in Detroit, just do it the old-fashioned way and build some fraggin’ rep and get some good contacts. Do that, and we have plenty of work for you.

- Yeah. We had a visit from Mr. Pyke. He brought some friends with him. We had some fragging kumbaya-singing moments in the bones of Ares’ burnt-out research facility. It was beautiful. I wish you were there. Wait. That’s not how it went down. He came to Platinums with his associates and said they could bring in aid, but they wanted a seat at the table to help organize the efforts. Said that long-term, they wanted a safer way to do shadowruns, but doing it by vetting both the jobs and the runners. This seems like some controlling, authoritarian bulldrek to me. We



**==> picture [288 x 451] intentionally omitted \<==**

told them they can help, or they can get the frag out. Do you think the boosted pay on the jobs is going to last forever? Do you think that Ares or Horizon or some other fragger is actually pulling the strings on this fancy experiment? Count me out. **>** Johnny Redline
