---
id: CN-0096
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: To the Admins of the JackPoint VPN
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## To the Admins of the JackPoint VPN

sense on so many levels, and this all fits her MO! And didn’t she post here not too long ago? What was her handle here? Anyone? **>** Haze

**>** What? Nothing? Fragging cowards …

**>** Haze

**>** Well, things just got a bit more interesting. Less than two hours after the final data file upload, a message appeared in a very secure and very private inbox addressed to all three JackPoint admins. Per usual, I ran every security scan and back trace I have. It came back clean, and of course none of us can figure out where the frag it originated—which is extremely annoying considering the firewalls I personally set up. And it slotted me off even more when I finally read the damn thing and saw who sent it. We weren’t sure what to do with it, but ultimately we decided to include it in the main file. So here it is; make your own judgement call on it. Meanwhile, I’m getting back to revamping our security protocols. Again.

**>** Glitch

By the time this message reaches your respective inboxes, you will have already uploaded a file to your network that discusses the organization under my patronage known simply as Grey Cell. I have not fully read the final upload posted to your network, but I have in my possession the original files.

I wish for you to know that I hold no ill will or malicious intent toward you, your users, or your network. In fact, I found the analysis and opinions given quite fair—most of the time. Because of this and after careful consideration, neither I nor anyone from Grey Cell, will attempt to impede the use of these files or disrupt your operations in anyway after this posting. In fact, it may be in our mutual interests for at least some of your people to know of our existence. And I also wish to extend some apologies for sending this message into your secure inbox rather than regular channels. I hope you realize I needed to get your attention quickly and get my point across.

With that being said, I will leave you with this final message as a … professional courtesy. Anyone on this network that attempts to use this data to disrupt or target Grey Cell operations or our members and allies will be met with swift, overwhelming, and merciless retaliatory action. This is not a threat or a boast; it is a promise because the stakes concerning the Sixth World at this point are too great to allow anything less.

I will remove any obstacle—personally if I must. So do not become one.

– Mamelu, “The Patron”
