---
id: CN-0077
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Preface: New Player On the Field? - Posted by: Lyran'
page: 42
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Preface: New Player On the Field?

## Posted by: Lyran

- Ever since the Awakening, it seems like the Sixth World can’t go for very long without giving us some kind of new weirdness, threat, phenomenon, or general insanity that’s connected to magic in some way. Just the past year alone we’ve had Detroit/ Motor City—bugs, the Pontiac Detonation, and whatever the frag happened at the old Ares Tower—as well as the ongoing III Corps cluster-frag. And don’t get me started on the conspiracy drek saying that the UCAS blackouts were some kind of new magic ritual. Anyway, not the point I’m getting at. Apparently, rumors have been circulating about a new player stepping up to the magical plate that’s been causing serious waves. But I’m just a decker with a big mouth. I’ll save the finer details for the experts.

- Slamm-0!

- Who says magic didn’t cause the blackouts?

- Plan 9

- Please don’t make me channel Glitch, take it somewhere else and stay on topic.

- Slamm-0!

First of all, I’m going to preface this by saying two things. 1) A good chunk of this is extremely personal, and I may or may not reveal everything. 2) I’m slotted off. Not just because of elements from point number one, but because part of my business, my _survival,_ is to know who the major magical power-players, movers and shakers, and up-and-comers are. I need to know if they’re potential customers, allies, rivals, or threats.

So when it came to this group who I would later learn are called **Grey Cell** —well, I never knew they existed … until one of them shot me. Obviously not lethally, so slot the comments. This kind of blindsiding is what gets us killed.
