---
id: CN-0052
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Currents and Idealogies: Toxic Branches'
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Currents and Idealogies: Toxic Branches

Most GreenWar extremists, simply called **Eco-Warriors** , see themselves as soldiers, stewards, guardians, defenders, or champions of Gaia (take your pick).

- Or, if completely delusional, even “chosen” of Mother Earth to execute her “grand plan” in some twisted pagan zealotry.

- **>** Sunshine

They are willing to engage in wide-scale and devastating attacks, with the full intention of destroying assets and hurting or even killing the “guilty.” Eco-warriors rarely show compassion for innocents caught in the crossfire. To them, they are as guilty as the despoilers (or according to deep ecologist, part of the problem). To them, they are fighting a “holy” (in the pagan sense) war for Mother Nature.

- Many call this “feral defense.”

- Hok’ee

Collateral damage is something to be accepted when fighting a superior enemy to stop the ecocide, for the sake of the planet. The end justifies the means, even if those means are self-sacrifice or mass murder.

- That’s why affiliation with GreenWar earns you at least fifteen years in European jails and death row in many other states, including the UCAS, CAS, and Aztlan. While most NAN states (probably all with the exception of the Pueblo Corporate Council) are more open to looking the other way when it comes to ecomotivated direct action, even they condemn the actions of GreenWar, at least officially.

- Thorn

**8. Tiefgrün** (combat decker, Matrix saboteur)

**9. Wieland** (weapons designer/demolitions expert)

**10. Shoal** (rigger/biodrone specialist)

The majority of GreenWar belongs to this “avenger faction” (named after the toxic shamans of the same name).



The rest are deep green ecologists, the **genocidals** who were attracted to the terrorist organization when it started branching out it is early days.

Deep ecology takes a more holistic view of the world human beings live in and does not subscribe to an anthropocentric view of environmentalism. Some currents of the ideology view modern industrial society with all its consumer waste and mass production as the prime threat and aim for society to return to a more primitive state (so called **eco-nihilists** or **eco-primitives** ). Hence, they plan to actively demolish society, dismantle authority, and instigate conflict and civil war/unrest.

Other are truly **eco-fascist** in nature. True genocidals advocate active human population control. They support the notion of the Georgia Guidestones, to “maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature.” They view overpopulation as a cancer to the Gaiasphere that is the cause of resource depletion and degradation of the environment

- They are not wrong. We all know what decades of social desolation can do to astral space, and how it can build mana ebbs and flows. Every metroplex has its desolated, highly populated areas where the manasphere is polluted with poverty, misery, abuse, addiction, anger, loathing, and Zukunftsangst, pulling spirits and humans alike into a downward spiral. Data indicates that despite magic and the advances of technology, the planet cannot sustain an ever-increasing populace, even if metahumanity would be more eco-conscious and have better recycling systems. In truth, the powers-that-be don’t want the system to change. Hence, corporations are mining asteroids, colonizing the solar system, and terraforming Mars to sustain the status quo rather than fixing the problems here on Earth. Maybe the system really does require a restart.

- **>** Ethernaut

- This is a bleak road you’re taking there. It’s very easy to blame overpopulation on the quick gestation cycle and number of offspring of orks rather than poverty, reduced mortality rate, better medical facilities, and lack of education. You won’t break the cycle by slaughtering the SINless and the hopeless who live on the streets, the urban ghettos, the shanty towns, favelas, or walled cities around the world. The Guidestones are eco-fascist or elite supremacist ideologies to justify culling those unfit in the eyes of the chosen few who will continue to remain in power.

- Goat Foot

Unfortunately, those ideologies tend to draw meta-racist or ethno-racist supporters who have infected GreenWar like a parasite since Goblinization. It is also often the cause of internal dissent and infighting within the organization. These are also the most dangerous parts of the organization, which don’t shy away from acts of pure bioterrorism in an attempt to bring about a pandemic that will “cleanse” the planet.
