---
id: CN-0118
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Aetherpedia Search: Dissonance'
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aetherpedia Search: Dissonance

Dissonance is a theorized force within the Matrix that virtual kinetics, more commonly referred to as technomancers, can tap into. As opposed to the far-better-known Resonance, which seeks out preservation and order, Dissonance creates chaos and destruction wherever it is able to. Signs of Dissonance in an area can be glitching AROs and Matrix icons, often with disturbing and surreal patterns that can make a Matrix user nauseated or fearful. It is advised that anyone discovering an area of Dissonance report it to the server administrator or, in extreme cases, to the Grid Overwatch Division itself.

- And the monkey flips the knife switch.

- /dev/grrl

- “It's dead! It's dead! In the name of God, now I know what it's like to be God!”

- Clockwork

- Traveler Jones is going to be upset he missed the opportunity to use that paraphrase of the quote.

- /dev/grrl

- So, power's out, the team's taclights and Fred's low-light vision are working nicely, life support to the jars is down, and those

HALBERSTAM'Spoor souls are finally getting their eternal reward. The memory drives are being removed from the rack. Um, what's Fred doing with his bowling ball? Did it just—grow legs? And a head?

**>** Puck

- Son and husband of a slitch! He stole my design, the bastard! At least he has good taste in evidence destruction.

- Clockwork

- Evidence destruction, with a weird bowling ball?

**>** I'm going to Virtual MouseCorp!

- /dev/grrl
