---
id: CN-0076
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: GREY CELL - A New Line of Defense
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GREY CELL

## A New Line of Defense

Hanna blinked and coughed as the mage-mask was ripped from her head.

She took a few seconds to get her bearings. The dis-rhythmic static from the mask’s built-in speakers echoed in her pointed ears while a pungent smell of mildew quickly assaulted her nose. By all accounts, she was in an old community-center pool area.

“Easy, you knuckle-dragging motherfraggers!” she growled and spit back at her “escorts” while stray cotton-poly fibers flew from her lips. One of them, an ork with retro-style solid chrome eyes, just stared at her blankly and stowed the mask in his vest while the other, a human with glowing facial nano-tats, blew her a mocking kiss.

“Maybe next time, we do it rougher. For funzies, yeah?” he retorted and stuck out his tongue in a very vulgar display.

Hanna felt the magical energies within her surge, the mana collecting in her fingertips as a Powerbolt spell took shape in her mind.

“I would be careful with her, Richter,” said a Germanic-accented voice. “I’ve seen Stiletto here explode people’s heads for far less.”

Hanna turned to see a figure walking up from an adjacent hallway, his footsteps echoing slightly. Hanna instantly recognized his trademark longcoat-over-black-turtleneck ensemble. Ignoring the two street samurai, she turned to face him.

“I don’t answer to that name anymore, Gustav. Oh, and the quality of your help leaves a lot to be desired.”

“I do not employ them for their subtlety. Or their manners. They are extremely competent at what I pay them to do,” he replied.

Hanna just snorted. “Whatever. Let’s get this over with.”

Gustav got in close to her. “Such hostility.” Hanna stared daggers back at him. “You’re fragging right. We made a deal long ago, practicalAly signed in blood. I was supposed to be out, for _good_ . And yet, here we are.”

“You didn’t have to agree to come here.”

“Really, you’re going to try to play that angle? First, you show up at one of my lectures, and then you threaten to expose my past to the university if I don’t help you. Some choice. You haven’t changed a bit, Gustav.”

“Ten years ago, you would have simply vaporized me with spell and been done with it. But I guess fifteen years in academia has made you soft.”

Hanna sneered and was about to let loose with a bolt of lightning, but suddenly felt two gun barrels pressing against the back of her head.

Gustav smiled at Hanna. “As I said, they are extremely competent at what I pay them to do.”

Hanna let out a long breath of surrender but kept her eyes locked with his.

“You’ve made your point. Again, can we just get on with this?”

“As you wish, but if I’m correct about what I have acquired, the potential payoff will no doubt make you realize that my minor intrusion into your new lifestyle will have been more than justified—even generous,” Gustav said as he motioned for Hanna to follow.

He led her into what was once an old locker room where the mildew-and-rot smell was even more offensive. In the middle of the room was a cargo container four meters long, one meter tall and wide guarded by another razorguy and girl, both packing high-end assault rifles with under-barrel shotguns.

But there no magical support of any kind, and while that made a certain amount of sense, it also raised several red flags for Hanna.

“We acquired what is in this crate several weeks ago from … well, that’s not important” Gustav began. “What I need from you, dear Hanna is to identify the exact nature of its magical properties … so that you can also help me assemble a list of potential buyers.”

Hanna felt her anger rise again. “I’m not a talismonger anymore. You could have gotten any number of magicians to do that.”

Gustav shrugged. “I tried. None were able. I figured with your expertise in experimental magical theory and application that you could succeed where others failed. And, I wager you also have a greater network within the magical academic community and the shadows, despite your absence.” He nodded to both Chrome Eyes and Glowing Tats, who quickly opened the container.

Inside was a large cylinder bracketed by two spheres and encased in a rectangular metal frame. A small control panel was located in the middle. Hanna had seen so-called “magical tech” before, and it was all bulldrek. But she knew what she had to do.

Even before she completely opened up her magical senses, she felt a low-level—for a lack of a

better description—radiating magical energy. And then she saw it, something inside the device was giving off an actual aura. But it was odd, as if it were fluctuating. She also recognized the aura as being mostly … metahuman. But it also had something else she recognized, something not of this metaplane. She had to know more.

“Turn it on,” she said, her throat suddenly dry. Gustav flipped a few switches and the device powered up. Even at its lower energy levels, Hanna could feel the raw, wild, and frighteningly dangerous power this device possessed.

“This is … it’s actually weakening the barrier between astral and … ugh …” She leaned forward, suddenly feeling ill.

Satisfied with her answer, Gustav powered down the device and leaned in close. “I’m sure there are many who would pay handsomely for it, enough for you to go beyond your little university studies. Wouldn’t you agree?”

Hanna nodded, her senses returning to normal, the contents of her stomach resettling as the memory of what she had just seen seared into her memory.

“When do you want the sale to happen?” she asked.

Gustav gave her a satisfied smile. “I knew the old Stiletto was still here. As soon as possible of course, but I know that it will take a bit of time to organize—say, a week?”

Hanna nodded, a bit out of breath. “I can work with that.”

“Excellent! Now, Richter and Tobias will take you back to your home so you can get to work. They’ll also provide you with any assistance you need.”

Hanna smiled tightly but nodded. “I’ll get to work immediately.”

An hour later, with both the razorguys lounging in her living room watching sports, Hanna set to work. She knew that Gustav would assign a hacker to tap and monitor her communications, so she excused herself to the bathroom. Turning on the shower, she reached into called out to one of the spirits bound to her. In the palm of her hand, a small whirlwind with lightning-blue eyes formed.

“Give this message to Salvatore. Notify Ringmaster that I’m in. Confirmation on target made, but I’m being monitored. Switching to communications protocol delta; advise when ready to proceed. End of message. Now go.”

The spirit’s eyes blinked twice before it disappeared. Hanna then sat there, her body trembling as tears began streaming down her face. A decade ago, she swore never to return to the shadows. But after confirming the existence of that abomination of a device, she would go back at least one more time.
