---
id: CN-0050
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: GreenWar in the Az-Am War (2072-2074)
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GreenWar in the Az-Am War (2072-2074)

The Aztlan-Amazonian (Az-Am) War was a conflict that raged between Aztlan and Amazonia for almost three years. It started when Aztlan officially declared war against Amazonia in November 2072 after an Amazonian black-ops team was caught red-handed illegally breaking into a research facility in the Aztechnology Business Complex in Bogotá. Aztechnology used the public outcry for a military campaign into Amazonia, with Bogotá becoming the center of the war. In the beginning, they were evenly matched. Amazonian forces used guerilla tactics backed by the rainforest itself to counter the superior (albeit conventional) military Aztlan forces, which only dominated when Amazonian forces were pinned down or drawn out in urban areas. The tide changed in favor of Amazonia when GreenWar forces led by the great dragon Sirrurg entered the picture and attacked the city of Cali in January 2073, brutally and mercilessly slaughtering Aztlan soldiers and thousands of civilians. Consequently, Aztlan resorted to unconventional tactics (small units and special forces), hiring mercenaries and shadowrunners alike to attack Amazonian depots and supply lines. In the end, there were almost as many proxies fighting on both sides of the war as regular military troops. As part of Aztech’s spin-doctoring campaign, they used GreenWar’s infamous reputation and Sirrurg’s further agroterrorist attack against Borinquen to turn public opinion in favor of Aztlan. The war ended in October 2074, when during Operation: Marauder, several Aztech task forces managed to bring down (but not kill) Sirrurg using an experimental anti-dragon weapon. In a last attempt to beat Aztlan forces during the battle for Bogotá, GreenWar committed several atrocities that resulted in destruction of a city district and massive civilian casualties. Aztlan’s response turned into a savage bloodbath, during which a greater portion of GreenWar’s Latin American branch got annihilated. After United Nations intervention, both nations agreed to a cease fire. Since then, the remaining GreenWar forces have gone back into hiding in the Amazonian basin.

- What’s not publicly known is that the reason Amazonia’s black-ops team was sent there in the first place was to find proof of an engineered bioweapons program that, if used, would have detrimentally affected the Amazonian ecosystem and may have enabled Aztechnology to take over the nation when sufficiently weakened. Never forget that Aztlan wanted to have this war. You may condone GreenWar’s war crimes, but you don’t fight fire by turning the other cheek.

- Glasswalker

- The media for sure loves their bad guys.

- Sunshine

Still and for a very long time, most GreenWar attacks were isolated incidents, successful hits by single cells. Coordinated attacks—despite the existence and inclinations of central leadership— were rare.



- Still, GreenWar supported the formation of green governments in the United Kingdom (with the New Druidic Movement), Amazonia, and Paraguay and worked to turn them into ecofascist states.

- Glasswalker

The ’70s suddenly saw a rise in concerted GreenWar operations across the globe. Some of our eco-watchdogs who keep an eye on GW activities believe that something happened at some point during the mid-’60s, either externally or within GW leadership, to trigger this change in operations.

have been only the start of a major, more unified eco-terrorist campaign to threaten civilization as we know it.

- Or to defend the Mother from threats far worse than metahumankind. Perhaps something … extraplanar?

- Plan 9–10

- Yeah. Sure.

- Borderline

- Maybe we shouldn’t discard this thought too quickly. They may be onto something.

- Elijah

- Eco-watchdogs? Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?

- Chainmaker

- Yes, you could say that. However, the relationship between GreenWar and other green groups is more complicated. GreenWar regularly subverts green groups—especially direct action such as Grüne Zellen and TF!—for their cause, as pawns, cannon-fodder, or a cover for certain GW operations, to the point that many believe these groups are just extensions of GW (which they are not). Conversely, our watchdogs keep an eye on GW operations and cells to interfere (directly or through shadowrunners with a sufficient sense of morality) before mass casualties happen that drag the eco-movement as a whole into the mud. Many attacks were stopped that way. It is a continuous dance about checks and balances. That’s why our watchdogs call themselves Laelaps, after the dog in Greek myth who always catches its prey and hunts the Teumessian fox, who can never be caught. Our relationship is comparably paradoxical.

- Ecotope

The biodrone attack on Arthur Vogel and Sierra Incorporated at the Annual Californian Environmental Summit in Los Angeles that killed six people—as well as the active support of Sirrurg and Amazonian forces during the Az-Am War—may
