---
id: CN-0201
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Corporate Growth
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corporate Growth

The Sea Dragon knows the corporate game. She isn’t on par with Lofwyr or even Knight, but she has advisors and managers who handle bridging the gap between her genius and the laws and rules of our systems. She knows how to delegate and pick the best, all while also ensuring they are one hundred percent loyal. The compensation she offers draws in great talent, but weeding out those who are just in it for the money is the true key to her success. Fanatics will go above and beyond and, most importantly, won’t roll over at the slightest threat. Most of those I’ve met would rather die than betray her.

Over the course of the last four decades, her fanatical financial gurus have built up a diverse portfolio of corporate ownerships and investments. If she were to consolidate all of her considerable corporate assets under a single megacorporate logo, she would rival the lower ranks of the Big Ten. She never will, but I just want to offer an idea of the kind of value “Sea Dragon, Inc.” has as a corporation-owning entity. This represents direct ownership. If you add in the value of her investments, much of it in other megacorporations, you would come up with a personal value near, or possibly exceeding, that of MCT.

Her smaller corporations have immense value through property ownership—almost every bit of which lies within a stone’s throw of water. Corporate buildings, power plants, residential properties, storage and shipping, manufacturing, farmland, the list goes on and on. All owned by various smaller corporations with considerable valuations despite a lack of megacorporate connections. These properties are as much a method of storing money as they are a method of building a buffer between her domain and ours. It’s also a foothold, and a dangerous barrier between us and vital natural resources.

- The lack of megacorporate ownership means no extraterritoriality. Not sure if that’s a good or bad thing, but it is something.

- 0rkCE0

- Depends on who she’s renting to. If MCT rents space, they bring their extraterritoriality with them. And I can guarantee this dragon is smart enough to use the other corps to her advantage when she needs to.

- Icarus

So as to not make all of this seem like the rantings of a madman, let me offer a few examples that can be verified with some digging. Two of my favorite bits of her corporate activities are what I call the Maersk Ruse and the Mississippi Maneuver.

At first glance, the Maersk Ruse comes off as remarkably simple, but setting up this level of misinformation and getting it to stick took significant amounts of skill and money. The payoff, though, was worth it. Using her considerable wealth, the Sea Dragon invested heavily in Maersk, one of her worst enemies. The investments were “hidden,” but not very well, so that anyone on the outside who was looking saw one of two things: either the Sea Dragon was trying to slowly buy up her rival through investments, or she was funneling money into one of her own businesses in order to shore up its funding.

The Sea Dragon fed both rumors.

The first was easy to feed. Buying rivals was a common move, and the continued attacks against Maersk that were blamed on the Sea Dragon were perceived as a way to devalue the corporation and make it easier to purchase bit by bit. The second played on that same devaluing but got supplemented with rumors of false reports of sinking freighters. Freighters that would miraculously appear in an out-of-the-way port but without cargo and with the name painted over or some other thin ruse. All of this did exactly what the Sea Dragon wanted: draw attention, not only to her own attacks against Maersk, but also the attacks of others who didn’t want to see the Sea Dragon getting into a megacorporation with such abundant and far-reaching global connections. Wuxing and Saeder-Krupp both waged a shadow war that ended up knocking Maersk back on its heels. They didn’t drop an A, but they were so focused on dealing with their new opposition, they lost focus on the Sea Dragon and what she was doing.

While that ruse is pretty much over (a few stragglers still cling to the conspiracy theories) the Mississippi Maneuver is going strong. The names to know are: Midwest Agriculture, River’s End Properties, Farm Savers, Mid Region Water Reclamation and Recycling, UCAS River Reserve Foundation, Confederate Water and Power, Mississippi Management, Rivers Without Borders, Recreational River Resource Management, and EvenFlow Stream Savers. Those are ten rather unassuming corporations that own property along the Mississippi River. Between the ten of them, they own thirty-three percent of the property bordering the river. The property looks like farms, parks, construction projects, warehouses, pristine forests, and the like, but it is all corporate-owned. And every one of those corporations, including about a hundred more that control another fifteen percent of river-adjacent properties, are all ownedby Sea Dragon, giving her control over almost half of the river.

No, I have no idea what her plans are, but I can’t imagine anyone who lives, works, or hangs their survival on the Mississippi River would sleep well knowing a single, very mysterious, great leviathan controls as much as she does.

- Ownership pans out, though a lot of it is adjacent property due to water rights and usage laws. I can’t fully verify if the Sea Dragon owns these companies, but none of them are publicly held, and I’ve got squat on revenue streams. They all make enough to pay the necessary taxes, so the government has no reason to look into them. If you go further up the paper trail, a few have links to known holdings of the Sea Dragon, but nowhere near all.

- Glitch

- Like the UCAS didn’t already have it bad enough!

- Slamm-0!

- Anyone else concerned that an eco-terrorist controls one of the largest freshwater sources on the planet?

- Clockwork

- One man’s “eco-terrorist” is another’s “freedom fighter.”

- Ecotope

Those are just two of the big efforts the Sea Dragon has used her vast corporate resources on. She keeps building them every day. These efforts are also targeted by rivals on a daily basis, and this back-and-forth offers work in the shadows. Keep that in mind when you take a job from some small little mom and pop bait and tackle shop on the river and discover you’re breaking one of the fundamental rules of the street.
