---
id: CN-0279
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Bakuto
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Bakuto

The second half of the young Yakuza were the **bakuto** , or gamblers. Unlike the peddlers, the gamblers were a blight on the community, producing nothing of worth. Officially outsiders, they nonetheless worked beside feudal lords, where the local lords would invest large sums of money in projects, such as construction of a bridge or damn, or in large improvements to local farms, and the bakuto would be charged with reclaiming those funds through selling alcohol, women, or gambling, taking a small cut for themselves and returning the majority to the local lords. These roving bands of gamblers would be brought in to a region, stay for the duration of the project, then move on to the next village. They’d leave a sliver behind in the larger villagers that would continue to serve as a center of vice for the community while being part of the larger band, with benefits, and obligations extending from there.

Under Tokugawa, lords were required to visit Tokyo at least once a year, leading to more travel along the roadways that the bakuto quickly took advantage of. Travel between each major city and the capital took days, even weeks, and at each major village along the path, the bakuto formed permanent operations, providing whatever vice a visiting lord would care for. These opportunities gave rise to a strict code of secrecy, and with it, even more strict enforcement of those rules. Like the tekiya, a central oyabun served as the master of the entire ring. His word was law, and he dispensed punishments or favors as he saw fit. To maintain this strict adherence to the rules, members who were released from service would be effectively outcast, as fellow members of that ring would be sent out to other bakuto rings to let them know that the outcast was an untrustworthy, dishonorable cur who all other bands should shun. The act of **yubitsume** , or finger-cutting, comes from this strict enforcement of methods of apology and forgiveness.

The bakuto’s strong moral code, and their ability to rub shoulders with nobility, led to a form of legitimacy and trust between themselves and the lords, with some being given command over construction in some communities, or even deputized to deal crime less organized then their own. The idea is, it’s better to have criminals who follow rules and don’t prey on the community than to have savage out-of-control lawbreakers.

Like the tekiya, the bakuto having so many travelers gave rise to a system of hospitality, where a traveling gambler could call upon the local oyabun for a place to stay, food, even a small stipend, in exchange for tales of their travels, updates onhow well other members of the ring were doing, and some menial service around the home. These traditions swelled to the adoptive form of family that the Yakuza continue to follow today.
