---
id: CN-0226
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Las Vegas - Posted by: Royal Flush \<Uploaded 02-12-81/1307:13>'
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Las Vegas

## Posted by: Royal Flush \<Uploaded 02-12-81/1307:13>

Running in the big lights and blaring sounds of the oasis is always a bit of a gamble. We got this fixer making waves in the city of dreams, and she’s betting it all on black. Dezba’s only been here a couple months, but you’d never know it counting the winning hands she keeps throwing down. Every job she’s lined up has been solid and work is plentiful. I got an inside line on what was coming, and I don’t mind saying I invested early. It’s been paying off, but you have to pay attention to all the players at the table or you lose that big pot.

So, who’s been sitting at the table this time around? Well, those first few jobs really played

into the Koshari’s interests. Lately, seems the PCC is getting in on the action.

- Rumor has it that she got in with the Koshari by quietly eliminating other fixers working with them. There’s no solid evidence connecting them, but the timing of her arrival and some of the recent Verontesse hits seems suspicious.

> 2XL

Despite all of that, I don’t feel locked down. Work still comes in from all over the place, and my other fixers find work sponsored by Horizon, the Ghost Cartels, the Verontesse family, and whatever else. But Dezba’s building a full deck of fixers to handle most of the PCC and Koshari jobs in the city. With the mayor’s connections to the Koshari, she’s been busy, and she’s definitely got her hand in the bag. If you’re interested, center your queries around the “Gambling Hall” and you’ll get a piece of the action. Joining even gets you free drinks, as long as you keep feeding the machine, so ka?

I even got me a gold-level CrashCart sub, courtesy of the Hall. You’ll need a few notches under the belt for the big perks, though, so be patient.

Now, don’t get me wrong. I like how this is going—it’s been working out for me so far—but let’s be real, there are some big questions. Where’d Dezba come from, and how did she finance herself into being one of the big players in the City of Sin? She’s got ties to the Emerald City, and I don’t mean the casino on Sahara Avenue. Rumors also put her in Boston. Same rumors say she got burned pretty bad when a deal went south. Hard to know the truth, but it all seems to line up quite nicely.
