---
id: CN-0117
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: <The Smiling Bandit has joined the chat>
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **<The Smiling Bandit has joined the chat>**

- Okay, Beaker, what's so important as to pull me away from sitting on my porch and drinking real twenty-year-old scotch? I was having a nice, boring night of watching the dust grow.

- The Smiling Bandit

- It seems that Dr. Halberstam might be back, and you're the only person I know who’s online right now that might be able to conclusively ID the handiwork. Slamm-0!, get in closer to the

- All right, the technomancer has just explained, in between babbling about screaming voices with no mouths, that the brains are cognizant of the fact that they've been ripped from their bodies, that they're being used to run an MMO, and they are NPCs in the game. Every injury and death for their characters is something they feel, then darkness, and then respawning, which is somehow even more painful. No wonder they were trying to get a call for help out.

- Puck



- And the babbling about glitching icons and hideous faces?

- RRW

- Wow, you speak babble better than I thought. Yeah, he's talking about sure signs of Dissonance in the system. He's calming down now, and ... drek! A Dissonance well?

  - As above, so below. Torture is torture.

  - Man-of-Many-Names

  - Okay, Slamm-0! found the fuse box for this show of horrors, and, is that a knife switch? I've only seen those in flatvids and trideo.

  - **>** RRW

- Puck

- So, it's a toxic zone with a Dissonance well combined? Can that even work?

- Plan 10

- An ancient technology being used as the master switch under a full set of modern(ish) breaker box connections. And it is obvious that the actual stock master switch was ripped out to put that thing in there.

- Beaker
