---
id: CN-0013
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Golden Years
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Golden Years

The Freedom Network owes its origins to three organizations based out of the United Netherlands: the Moller Institute, a political party called Forum voor Vrijheid (which roughly translates to Forum for Freedom, or FvV), and Popular Will. These three organizations helped to form the Freedom Network, and we will be focusing primarily on these organizations as a result. The basic outline applies to all members of the Freedom Network, regardless of country.

In 2011, a catastrophically powerful storm hit northern Europe and created an event that came to be known as the Black Tide. The storm dumped millions of liters of pollutants across northwestern Europe. The resulting floods killed thousands ofpeople and displaced millions. Whole cities were rendered toxic wastelands overnight. The United Netherlands was particularly hard-hit by the Black Tide. In response, the Crown of the United Netherlands decided to fund the creation of a think-tank headed up by Ravian Moller, one of the country’s top environmental scientists. Thus, the Moller Institute was founded.

The Moller Institute pioneered many advances that helped to mitigate some of the damage done, but there was no way to actually get things back to normal. One thing that intrigued Moller was the spike in magical activity in areas that were contaminated by the Black Tide. Since their mandate was to return the Netherlands to the way they were prior to the Black Tide, the Institute began looking into ways to “remediate” the spike in magical activity. In short, they began to investigate ways to “fix” magical users to make them mundane again.

- The only thing that needs fixing is the people that misuse magic. Magic is pure and clean, until it hits someone who isn’t. Even if there was a correlation between the Black Tide and rising populations of magic-users, there’s no way to “fix” something that isn’t broken.
