---
id: CN-0182
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: KALI
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## KALI

Project KALI is an extended effort, having existed for decades according to my intel. KALI relates to the interactions between blood magic and the Infected condition. Hardly a surprise, given the Ordo fascination with taboo and dangerous magical practices, to say nothing of the preoccupation all Infected have with blood and metahuman transubstantiative essentia.

**>** My translator is working overtime … **>** Riot

KALI is notable for its direct links to megacorporate interests. Some members of the Project also have allegiances with Aztechnology, including their elite vampiric Bloodpanther operatives. I do not believe at this time that there is any kind of formal agreement between the corporation proper and the Ordo, but the Project provides a loathsome bridge between the two, if only for shared research. I have come to believe that the Ordo is offering its services to Bloodpanthers with the idea that they may use them as test subjects for prototype techniques. Given the ambition bred into Bloodpanthers, it stands to reason they would be willing to accept the risk for the sake of advancement within the corporate/religious hierarchy of their ranks and megacorporate culture, trusting their patron deities, ancestors, and guardian spirits to protect them.

- The bridge you’re looking for is one (not-so retired) General Armando Salazar. Former Aztlan Military intelligence and confirmed high-level initiate blood mage, he’s been the director of Aztechnology’s highly covert “Special Projects” division for years now. His specialty is bio-magical weapon R&D, but he has his hands deep into the corp’s military and intelligence divisions as well. His lust for power is legendary, so working with Ordo as a liaison and co-researcher is just the kind of angle he’s looking for. As for the Bloodpanthers, let’s just say Salazar is extremely good at both keeping his assets in line—or removing them.

- **>** Rifleman

I can only speculate as to the willingness to risk Ordo secrets falling into the hands of Aztechnology. The Ordo does not share power, and for all their wealth and influence, they would be hardpressed to compete with an entire megacorporation, let alone one so well-suited to fighting them on their own terms. It is possible KALI also acts as a means of grooming Bloodpanthers for dual loyalty as some kind of long-term gambit to influence the corporation further, turning them into sympathetic allies or even members of both organizations. On the other hand, perhaps it serves their interests to see Aztechnology use these abilities, though I am hard-pressed to imagine the endgame they have in mind. Unless it can be deduced for certain and stopped, only time will tell—and by then, it may well be too late.

- I can’t imagine anyone is surprised by any of this.

- **>** Winterhawk
