---
id: CN-0165
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: First Union
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## First Union

The motorcycle-club-turned-smuggling-ring that is the First Union is growing fast and good at what they do. The leader Devlin “Devil” Cross is the embodiment of an AI who emerged from a program designed to monitor and maximize logistics systems. It’s boring, but when you add in that little metahuman touch, you get the ever-growing First Union. They are building their logistics efforts with an efficiency and speed not seen by other smuggling operations. The main reason is the limitation of membership and association to Monads—in particular, Monads made from Devil’s code.

Most of the gang uses some type of demon or devil name after they are overwritten. They even minimize infiltration by overwriting anyone who wants to deal with them in some internal capacity. This leads to interesting relationships with police and corp-sec forces who attempt infiltration only to end up with a mole in their organization.

The First Union also chose their name specifically to address other Monads who hunt them or have left with DSECI. “FU” is just as much a fragyou to them as it is a name to represent their unity.

They deal in smuggling of all sorts. They move illicit goods, people, vehicles, stolen property, etc. all over the cities and towns of North America. They are currently building up a hub in Omaha as well as St. Louis. They are taking advantage of the recent problems to get settled and tucked in under the radar before corp and government forces come back around to restore order. If they ever do.

Due to their connection with illicit products, many of the members have taken to using jazz, kamikaze, and nitro in order to get an edge on rivals. They have the advantage of their monad nature to help avoid the secondary effects.

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS NV<br>4 3 4 3 4 5 5 4 2 5.6 4<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>8 9/1D6 A1/I2 14/14 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 1, Close Combat 2, Cracking 4, Electronics 3, Engineering 4, Firearms 3, Influence 1, Outdoors 2, Perception 3, Piloting 4, Stealth 2 **Monad Abilities:** Adrenal Control, Attribute Boost, Obsidian Cloud, Rapid Healing, Toxin Resistance **Augmentations:** Cybereyes (rating 4 w/ image link, camera, flare compensation, low-light, smartlink, thermographic)

**Gear:** Armor jacket (w/ electricity resistance 6), commlink (DR 4), Harley-Davidson Scorpion, jazz (2 doses), kamikaze (2 doses), nitro (2 doses) **Weapons:**

Ingram Smartgun XI [Submachine Gun, DV 3P, SA/BF, 11/9/6/—/—, 32(c), w/ gas-vent system, integral silencer, smartgun system] Stun baton [Club, DV 5S(e), 6/—/—/—/—]
