---
id: CN-0133
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'THE MONADS - All For One, One For All - Posted by: Clockwork'
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## THE MONADS

## All For One, One For All

## Posted by: Clockwork

I’ve been scouring the Matrix for every bit and byte I could find about the ones who stayed behind. We may tolerate Plan 9/10, but the head cases weren’t kind, benevolent, or misunderstood— they were malevolent body-snatching monsters who threatened the very existence of our world if they didn’t get their way. We kowtowed to their demands like cowering children before an angry parent. Even the monolithic megacorporations weren’t willing to risk their spiteful ire. The power they grabbed in that moment was monumental, and while most of them took to the stars, enough stayed behind to pose a threat.

The few that stand in the limelight are not the majority. These are the distractions. The rest operate behind the scenes or in the shadows as they

seek to undermine our world. They want a place, and they aren’t above using kidnapping, murder, and myriad other criminal activities to get their way. These things are still dangerous.

Because of that fact, I’ve pieced together this data dump. It’s all verified, and I’ll stake my own rep on it, but feel free to put a direct question to Plan 9 or Plan 10. Either of them should cosign this intel. Even though it does not cast their kind in the most pleasant of lights, it isn’t a collection of lies.

And that, dear friends, is what makes what follows so dangerous.
