---
id: CN-0029
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Akyromancy
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Akyromancy

The Moller Institute has developed a number of apotropaic arts through the decades, and they continue to innovate in the concept of using magic to defend against magic. Recently they developed a new art they call akyromancy. The theory is based on the idea that all spells and magical constructs

are woven together in a pattern that resembles the desired effect. The use of akyromancy unravels that pattern and returns the magical energies to whence they came.

There is a cost associated with the use of akyromancy, though, which means that magicians who have initiated into this art will find that they have no ability to conjure or perform spellwork. These akyromancers are employed by the Institute and Popular Will to provide protection against other magic-users, as they can literally void the magical abilities and constructs of others. Akyromancy appears to a magical observer to operate similarly to how it sounds: the magical construct simply unravels and disintegrates.

Akyromancy isn’t unique to magic-users. The Institute was able to communicate with and learn from the Null Sect, which has granted them insight into how Resonance and Dissonance abilities function in the Matrix. The Institute used this knowledge to create a version of akyromancy for technomancers. Akyromantic technomancers have the ability to intuitively dissolve any Resonance construct, such as a complex form or sprite, seemingly at will.

Akyromancy is a narrative device at this point. It is possible that akyromancy will be expanded upon in future supplements, but currently only NPCs are eligible to use these abilities, and the specifics of how they are used will not be detailed so as to allow gamemasters more flexibility with its usage as a narrative tool.
