---
id: CN-0026
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Moller Institute
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Moller Institute

The Moller Institute is where this whole thing started. They perform research and experimentation on technomancers and magicians. While they are primarily a think tank and research-based organization, they also perform medical procedures upon their “patients.” The Institute creates research papers and studies to help support the message of the Forum voor Vrijheid and also performs cybernetic augmentation for Popular Will.

The Institute is intentionally set up to layer access. Their leader, Anna Moller, understands that the work they do would be publicly decried should it ever get leaked to the world. As she reminds her fellow Institute leadership, the public just isn’t ready to accept the price of their freedom. To protect that information, the Institute uses a three-color system for managing their employees.

Blue employees make up the bulk of the Institute. They are the public-facing folks who are never privy to the deeper workings of the Institute. These may be researchers but are more likely to be the people who collate data, prepare reports, work in administrative functions, and perform other tasks that do not require access or deeper understanding.

Green employees are the ones who do the research, and they’re also the ones runners are most likely to encounter. Green employees may hire runners to acquire research from other organizations, sabotage said research, or perform personnel extractions. They also stage expeditions into the ResGAMEonance Realms and the metaplanes to gain further understanding of possibilities and limitations.

Red employees are the ones most initiated into the Institute’s organization. These are the hard-liners who perform medical experiments, implant cyberware, and serve as leaders. The red employees make up the core of the Institute and are few in number but rich in access. They are the ones that an enemy runner team is most likely to target for extraction, sabotage, or even wetwork.

While the Institute seeks to understand the potential and the limitations of magic and technomancy, it is up to the Forum voor Vrijheid political party to message this out to the public. The Forum massages the data provided by the Institute and uses it to help justify their ultimate cause: the elimination of magic-users and technomancers. They hold political rallies and work to expand their network of influencers across the globe.
