---
id: CN-0174
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: CHRONOS
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## CHRONOS

Since the time of Ghostwalker’s emergence from the DC rift, Infected have been experiencing mutations and changes. As you may have seen in a previous upload about Project NOX LILITU, these changes may have been exacerbated by HMHVV metacannibalism. CHRONOS is the refinement of this specific line of inquiry. I have yet to uncover too many details regarding it, beyond the knowledge that their PILLAR labs for LILITU were all destroyed (six by internal containment protocols, one by external, and one eliminated by an unknowing runner team on a suicide mission).

**>** Your work?

- Thorn

- Mmmm hmmm.

- Thorn



The research, thus far, indicated that Infected feeding upon their own kind (at least in the case of ghouls, though it is a safe assumption this may apply across all Infected lines) experienced some form of group possession by an external force. Insofar as I have been able to find out, while the Ordo considers this a priority Project, they are also leery of placing other valuable Inner Circle researches in proximity to the Project. Its progress has been slowed by remote lab use and drones, as well as disposable proxies, neither of which are as effective as a mage in person.

- No shit. That Graf-whassisname got possessed by those ghouls, right?

- Riot

- Rather, I think he was claimed by whatever claimed them.

- Nightstalker

- Be careful, what you see sees you. It never stops seeing you.

- Elijah

- You okay?

- Red

- Pum caxan boor dit.

- Elijah

- Winterhawk? Let’s pull him in.

- Red

- No one is going to mention that DeVries has been eating his own for decades?

- Hannibelle

- If you wish to examine me, I can certainly arrange a private meeting.

- Nightstalker

- DeVries, you will stop now.

- Glitch
