---
id: CN-0220
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Boston
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Boston

Posted by: Duck \<Uploaded 09-22-80/1507:13>

So, the first thing you have to keep in mind is the perfect drekstorm of ’76. Before that, everything just kind of ran on autopilot. The megas just doing their mega thing, O’Rileys and Morellis feuding, playboy dragons on the cover of the tabloids, and the rest of us making an honest wage with Mr. J. Then a dragon head case escapes a super-secret corporate science experiment, infects the city with CFD, and forces a wide-scale quarantine with media blackout. I’ve heard people say it takes a disaster to enact any real change, and this was the disaster Pyke needed.

Once the dust settled, people needed direction. Some lucky folks were able to get right back into their lives, but most folks were experiencing a variety of losses. Businesses had shuttered, friends and family killed, all sense of security just flushed away. It was no different in the shadows, maybe worse. I don’t have the fingers to count up the chummers I lost. Yeah, it wasn’t a good summer.

In comes Donovan Pyke, taking stock of the situation and getting people up and moving. He gets this sort of command center going, starts by figuring out who’s up and who’s out. There’s something to be said for knowing, really knowing, what happened to the folks who disappeared, especially your friends. Closure, right?

So, he’s putting people to work, covering costs, and ultimately getting answers to the questions we were all asking. Somehow, he’s got a line on all the major players, gave him the inside track on sorting through the mess and giving us the direction we were looking for. I worked a couple of jobs for him that fall—a lot of us did. Pay was only enough to keep the rent paid, but it felt good to be working on something I wanted to be in on.

- If he really worked for Aegis Cognito, it makes sense he’d have contacts all over the place.

- 0rkCE0

I guess things could have gone back to normal after that, but Pyke had a different idea. By then, he pretty much knew everybody who was anybody and called in the movers and shakers to propose an idea. They must have liked it, because everyone fell right in line. Now, practically nothing moves in Boston’s shadows without that stamp of approval.

The Yaks give us trouble from time to time, and I hear MCT won’t play ball, but most of the corporate Mr. Johnsons reach out to union fixers when they’ve got a job. It also turns out that Pyke’s a Southie, so he had the credibility he needed to arrange a meeting with the O’Rileys and Morellis to work something out.


**>** Not at the same time, I bet! > X-Prime


And it’s working. I’m jumping onboard. Pay is up, worries are down. I guess the whole thing is funded by skimming a bit off the top of every job, but fraggin’ Johnsons were doing that anyway, and if I’m getting a bigger cut at the end of the day, then why complain?

So, yeah. That’s how we do. Don’t dismiss it out of hand, right?

- This is a nice story and all, you know it really lights a fire under my heart cockles, but I hope you don’t expect me to believe that shadowrunning in Boston is consolidated under one man.

- Puck

- They did point out a few notable exceptions.

- Snopes

- So, you’re buying this bulldrek?

- Puck

- I didn’t say that.

- Snopes
