---
id: CN-0171
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Structure
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Structure

The Inner Circle operates on a far more intimate basis than the Outer. Despite their appellation, they are, in fact, a collection of elite Infected individuals, broods, and covens, each working with nominal cooperation toward similar goals and sharing research and resources, but largely pursuing their interests independently and without oversight. In this sense, they might be considered Circles within the Inner Circle, but they do not think of nor label themselves as such.

Organization often falls along paths of shared interest. In the basest form, this extends from the progenitor of a family or bloodline of Infected (usually referred to as a brood, though more poetic sobriquets are common), but these groups are rarely so curated as to be of use to the Ordo as a whole. The exception is when a progenitor priORDOmarily “elevates” those with the skills and shared vision to be of use to their overarching project. As far as I know, this tends to be a smaller part of the more common unit: a Project.

Projects follow a structure not unlike a megacorporate model, with those most qualified for a task taking up service toward its completion. This model is likely composed of a number of Infected with complimentary skills, ability, and vision, and can include any combination of Infected and their thralls, pawns, and prodigies.

**>** Prodigies?

**>** Goat Foot

- A term within the organization for those metahuman mortals who are being groomed for Infection but for whatever reason have not yet been brought over. Reasons for this vary, including being too public a figure for the moment, being incentivized to complete a Project to receive the “Gift,” or even as simple as a physical health regimen to ensure they are in peak condition when they make the transition from prodigy to progeny.

**>** NIGHTSTALKER ACCESS—APPLY (PROBATION)

**>** SYSTEM

- DeVries, you get one warning: you try to run a trace and burn on anyone here, especially our friendly neighborhood vampires and ghouls, and you’re out with extreme prejudice.

- **>** Bull

- Understood.

- Nightstalker

- Rick, he’s running a trace.

- **>** Hannibelle

- I was trying to help!

**>** Red

- He doesn’t care.

**>** Hannibelle

- Should I pull the plug?

**>** Red

**>** Nightstalker

- Thanks, I hate it.

  - Just stand by. I’m rerouting and reporting.

  - **>** Hannibelle

- Goat Foot

It is the nature of sapient Infected to carry conflicted internal philosophies. More often than not, Infected must contend with the competing instincts not to share prey and to reproduce and form a brood, to say nothing about their remaining psychological models pre-change. Any and all of these enhance a sense of competition and covetous one-upmanship among various broods and Projects, but they may be circumvented by isolation and shared purpose. Indeed, the spirit of overtaking a rival by sheer success is all the more attractive because a rival’s success may mean one night closer to ultimate domination of the world. For this reason, while each Infected in the Ordo cultivates their own influence and wealth for their own purposes and comfort, the resources of the Ordo as a whole are available to all Inner Circle members for the greater good of all concurrent Projects.

- Oddly egalitarian for a bunch of aristocratic cannibals.

- Chainmaker

- Not when you consider that their wealth has surpassed the point of calculation. When money is no longer an object, the real pieces on the board become knowledge and influence, maybe specifically rare assets. That, I’ll bet, is where they start to fight amongst themselves.

- Red

- Very astute.

- Nightstalker

- So, he’s a decker, too? Not enough to be an initiated vampire combat mage?

**>** Red

- Don’t forget award-winning satirical semi-fiction writer and noted psycho serial killer. And no, he’s not the one doing it. I wager he’s got some vampire hunter wannabe helping. Not bad chops, either, but we have the advantage.

- Hannibelle

- Charming. Thanks, Belle.

- Red
