---
id: CN-0274
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: THE YAKUZA - yakuza lingo
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## THE YAKUZA

## yakuza lingo

**Bakuto:** Gamblers, most often used for those in feudal Japan. **Boryokudan:** “Violence group,” a derogatory term for the Yakuza used by police.

**Barukumin:** “Half people,” the ancestral underclass of Japan. **Giri:** Duty or obligation, but with a much heavier weight. Think of the expectation that a son will carry their father’s coffin.

**Gumi:** (also spelled kumi) A suffix for an association or company, adopted by, but not limited to, the Yakuza.

**Gurentai:** Violent troublemakers who came to power in postwar Japan.

**Ikka:** A family or household, used by some more informal Yakuza groups.

**Kai:** A suffix denoting an association or society, used by some Yakuza groups.

**Kigyo Shatei:** Front company, used to infiltrate legitimate business.

**Koban:** “Child role,” as opposed to Oyabun, or “parent role.” **Korumaku:** Taken literally, black curtain. Used to indicate someone behind the scenes with power.

Hi! It seems that translation software has been disabled for this section. Luckily, your good friend Grimmy is here! Some of these concepts are difficult to translate, but we’ve done our best. Reading is fun!

**Mizu shobai:** Literally “water business.” Refers to nightclubs, bars, restaurants, and related businesses.

**Ninjo:** Compassion or empathy, used in conjunction with giri to indicate the pull between one’s feelings and one’s duty.

**Oyabun:** “Parent role,” the head of a Yakuza family.

**Rengo:** A federation, such as when several Yakuza bands operate as a council.

**Sarakin:** Loan sharks and their strongarm collectors.

**Seiriya:** A mediator for accidents, bankruptcies, and disputes.

**Shobu:** Japan’s amphetamine of choice, a.k.a. S. piropon and kakuseizai.

**Sokaiya:** Originally corporate extortionists, now the corporate arm of the Yakuza.

**Tekiya:** Street stall operators and peddlers. **Yubitsume:** The ritual of finger-cutting.

**Zen ai kaigi:** The ultranationalist coalition of Japan; it has a heavy number of Yakuza members.



- For the love of ghost … **Fred!** I thought you said you were getting rid of this fraggin’ thing!

- Bull

- I did! I don’t know who put it back!

- Slamm-0!

- What can I say? It grew on me.

- Glitch
