---
id: CN-0088
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Separate Yet Together: History and Organization'
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Separate Yet Together: History and Organization

The catalyst for Grey Cell’s transformation from a loose network of runners into its current form were the events that came before and directly after the City of Detroit’s transformation into what is now known as Motor City. The plan that Damien Knight enacted represented a magical threat on a scale not seen since the Ghost Dance. This in turn started a domino-effect that opened the doors for a whole other series of possible and actual threats. The end result from this situation, the carnage and fallout, was that a decision was made (likely by the Patron, who was rumored to be absolutely furious at Knight and his hubris) to take a more active approach to counter and combat these new threats. Hence, Grey Cell was born to do just that.

To be clear, we are not affiliated with any government or corporate entity. We operate on our

own, on behalf of the Patron, and ally with those who are also working to recognize and combat such threats to the Sixth World. At times this may put us in direct or proxy conflict with other major powers. But then, that hasn’t stopped us yet.

- Great, another self-righteous group of self-important “saviors.”

- **>** Haze

- I think the people who were saved in Detroit would disagree.

- **>** Picador

- As long as they or anyone else pays, I could care less.

- **>** Clockwork
