---
id: CN-0062
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Two Minutes to Midnight: The Second Wave'
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Two Minutes to Midnight: The Second Wave

Coming back to the obvious question: What prompted GreenWar to become so active all over the globe? This has been a source of speculation and debates on environmentalist Matrix boards. Many believe that the consolidation of corporate power—as evidenced by the Megacorporate Audit, which gave birth to even bigger conglomerates that are more difficult to take down—could be a factor. Recent events in Detroit also showed that megacorporations and their machinations are still among the biggest threats to the planet and society.

More esoteric theories speculate that events were put in motion when Winternight detonated nuclear warheads in deep caves and hidden mineshafts near major tectonic faults prior to Crash 2.0 … and nothing happened.

- Ah. The mystery why large-scale nuclear detonations are no longer possible and often show weird interactions with the gaiasphere. These are the strange aspects of our world that keep me up at night.

- Plan 9

- Let’s throw in some further mysteries, shall we? The emergence of the Deep Lacuna in 2069, the Yellowstone Incident of 2078 that exposed the Seelie Court, the Sixth World Tarot heralding future events, the UCAS III Corps disappearance in 2080. Ours is a fucked-up world. Not everything is connected or serves a greater scheme. That’s tinfoil-head talk.

- Bull

Whatever the catalyst may have been, there is fear that what we have seen so far from GreenWar in the ’70s may only be the first wave, and the second wave is approaching.

To get an idea where they may strike next, I reached out to my associates to compile what little intel is available on concerted operations at the moment.
