---
id: CN-0177
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: GOLEM
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GOLEM

Despite what some Ordo Inner Circle believe, the practice of cybermancy almost certainly did not originate within the Ordo. It has, however, been refined by the pioneering efforts of members of Project GOLEM for decades. Among the dozen or so delta-class cyberlabs in the world, the Ordo controls one of them, and maintains a staff of some of the most fiendishly creative and amoral delta docs in the world (I say that with the knowledge that many of them are likely mad in the first place).

GOLEM is not a source of money by design (though it both consumes and oddly generates quite a bit), but rather the extended research into the streamlining of cybermantic expression. While this means pioneering research into cyberware, and into the refinement of delta construction techniques, the sheer volume of esoterica in motionis mind-boggling. Practical applications, to say nothing of design elegance, often seem to go by the wayside compared to seeming flights of fancy. Alien and unfinished processes are implemented into cybermantic constructs for field testing and, in some rare cases, lease or sale.

GOLEM works with other Projects researching the mutative nature of HMHVV in recent years to determine the newfound rejection of delta-grade cybernetic implants in regenerative Infected, a point that has frustrated Inner Circle hackers and technofetishists. Where once they were among the very few groups where an Infected with cybernetic enhancements could be found, the evolution of the virus has stymied all attempts to implant HMHVV subjects, disrupting a number of lines of research and development. As far as I can tell, they have yet to overcome the problem. While there may be a few Infected in the world who still have their implants, most have had them removed, as sooner or later the subject is likely to reject them, often violently and with permanent damage.

- How come they don’t just regenerate it like anything else?

- /dev/grrl

- Infected don’t regenerate everything reliably. The brain, spinal tissue, and much of the nervous system is vulnerable, becoming non-regenerative if you apply enough allergens or pure trauma. While it’s possible to regenerate, there is a risk that doesn’t exist in other kinds of damage. This is only true of major centers of nervous system activity (again, the spine and brain), while lesser extremities such as the limbs or trunk can almost always regenerate reliably. The disruption of the metaphysical aura caused by cybernetic implantation has permanent effects on Infected auras as well, reducing the maximum stolen energy they can maintain. Even after removal, the aura maintains a shadow, just like normal metahumans. Given how many cyberenhancements interface directly with the nervous system, that means sudden rejection can cause cascading damage across the entire system. A limb is simply lost. Cybereye rejection won’t just strike a vampire blind, but the interface with the brain will short-circuit the entire system, causing lethal shock and death. Same goes for almost any DNI system that connects to the spine or brain, like datajacks or wires.

- Doc Fangs

- Why does it suddenly kickstart regeneration of the shadow?

- /dev/grrl

- That’s precisely what they are trying to find out. And discovering that reason could revolutionize replacement cybernetics or aura rehabilitation therapies. Something of a Holy Grail for cybergeneticists across the globe.

- KAM

- Can you imagine what that would mean for burnouts?

- Lyran

**>** I can imagine a burnout selling their soul to the Ordo for a chance to have their magic back, if that’s what you mean. **>** Winterhawk

As a supplemental point of resource generation, GOLEM is also the Project under which newly recruited talent is given education in delta-class cybernetic design. While the best and brightest cyberneticists are often groomed or headhunted by megacorps, the Ordo looks in more private institutions. Intelligence bought at a high price gives them leads on students of the science at a surprisingly young age, and they are patronized by wealthy Outer Circle proxies to have private educations, tutored by some of the finest minds in the field. Creative expression is encouraged, and complimentary disciplines are taught, often in different combinations customized to maximize the potential of every student while avoiding a uniform curriculum. Delta docs, I am given to understand, are individual creatures, and GOLEM is best served by independent thinkers with radical imaginations.

- That sounds like a top candidate for extraction. Any corp would pay for a delta doc extraction with their body weight in orichalcum.

- Rigger X

- Hyperbole aside, I’m afraid you would find that more than a little difficult. Assuming you could find said asset and then circumvent their defenses, as well as neutralizing all their technological, metamagical, and material-link-tracking measures, and somehow you avoided the Awakened and cybermantic special forces sent to retrieve the asset and the political weight that would be leveraged against you, you would find that any delta trainee who has entered their adulthood (at which point their education is still incomplete) has been leashed by steady doses of Renfield. The resulting pawn is unfailingly loyal, will resist you with ferocious zeal, and will die without ongoing dosage, which your potential buyer will not appreciate.

- **>** Nightstalker

- All I heard was “increased difficulty for high-demand target yields larger payday.”

- Rigger X

- And they were never heard from again …

- EB
