---
id: CN-0030
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Project Ixion
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Project Ixion

The source of Matrix-based akyromancy is a deeply disturbing group called Null Sect. Null Sect is a group of unknown entities who are able to permeate a Matrix host and then purge any “inefficiencies” from the code. This basically means that anything related to the Resonance or Dissonance is destroyed, along with anything that gets in the way of the Null Sect’s work. While the Null Sect is described in greater detail in _Kill Code_ , suffice to say that it is a terrifying and truly alien intelligence that knows no mercy and has no respect for anything from the physical world.

Somehow, the Institute managed to get in contact with Null Sect and may have been the first metahumans to communicate with them. No one knows why Null Sect tolerates the presence of the Moller Institute, but this is how Project Ixion was born. The Institute’s akyromantic technomancers figured out how to rip open a tear in the Matrix to allow the Null Sect into a host, who then proceed to “seed” the host. Project Ixion seeks to imbed these akyromantic technomancers into the Big Ten, getting them high-level access to the Matrix Foundation. The plan is to then unleash Null Sect into each part of the Foundation and let them run rampant, effectively destroying the Foundation from the inside.

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



The theory behind this project is that by destroying the Foundation, they can sever the Matrix from the Resonance. If this plan is successful, it would cause an untold amount of damage to the world. Even if the plan works as intended, hundreds of thousands of technomancers around the world would suddenly lose their Resonance


abilities. In the best case, this would still crash the Matrix completely, as the Matrix is currently based heavily upon the Foundation. In the worst case, we could be looking at the unraveling of the Matrix as we know it. It could usher in a dark age of technology that the world hasn’t seen in centuries.
