---
id: CN-0230
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Using Shadow Chapters
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Using Shadow Chapters

The Shadow Chapters are a loose organization. Each chapter starts with a chairman, somebody with enough pull and moxie to get the ball rolling. Those traits and adherence to the tenets of the greater organization earn you a seat at the table with a fistful of startup cred.

What tenets are those? To ultimately centralize all shadowrunning activity into the organization. That means union fixers, it means Mr. Johnsons hire through the union, it means members hold to a minimum level of professionalism. Reducing collateral damage, increasing run payments, and making the shadows an all-around nicer place for everyone.

Lofty goals and more than a few people have started their chapter absolutely convinced it’s an impossible pipe dream, paying lip service to those ideals while pursuing their own agendas. Keep it under the auspices of your friendly neighborhood shadowrunner’s union and do your own thing.

Faith or no, a chairman has to get something up and running. In some places, chapters have been successful in setting up a presence, but they

struggle to gain a foothold in others. Why they do well or fail seems to depend on multiple factors, and not always in expected ways.

Utility and outreach are the core tools each chapter employs to varying degrees. The first is obvious: being legitimately useful is sure to win you points in any runner’s playbook. Outreach is trickier. Sure, it’s about putting yourself out there so the intended audience knows you exist, but it’s also creating a perception of reciprocity. Real or not, people want to know it’s not just about what’s in it for you. How a chapter creates solutions for the problems in their sprawl will be seen and talked about.

Another tricky piece of the puzzle is transparency. Boldly announcing a union with rules, dues, and a list of the horrible things coming to all the scabs is going to be a non-starter. Where there have been successes, they’ve come through developing a sense of camaraderie within growing networks of operatives and their fixers. By the time everyone realizes they’re in a union, it just seems natural.

Then there’s the question of who supports the chapter and who thinks it’s a drek idea. Street legends are just that—legends. For better or worse, their opinions can impact the feelings of the entire shadow community in your sprawl, down to the lowliest wannabe gangers and two-bit script kiddies.

When all is said and done, every runner and runner team will make their own decision about what a shadowrunner’s union means for them and what they plan to do about it.
