---
id: CN-0312
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Taking a Fall
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Taking a Fall

The family watches over its own. The Yakuza has ties with the police, including the “Understanding.” Japanese police are sticklers for not leaving cases open; they _need_ someone to confess to them. The Yakuza are all too happy to helpout in that regard, collecting petty criminals and passing them over (after a proper beating) to law enforcement, making certain that the crook confesses to what they’ve done before being handed over. When pressure is on to show that the police are tough on crime, they’ll call up the local Yakuza bosses to arrange a raid on a headquarters at a certain time and date, with the media there to record it all. Several (low-level) Yakuza will be led away in handcuffs, the so-hanbucho will go on the trid with a heavy heart and apologize for the misdeeds of these wayward members and say they’ll be more tightly watching in the future, a handful of light pistols will be “found,” and it’s all in the screamsheets for a week as everyone nods gently about how good the police are and how brave the politicians are for dealing with a Yakuza band that’d gone past what was agreed upon. It’s all a show, of course, but it’s also a good time for a Yakuza ring to unload some troublesome members and screw-ups.

The Yakuza sometimes go outside the lines and use hitmen to remove problems. Egos between rings can flare out of control, or sometimes when the oyabun of a band passes away, those below might believe that they’d make a better boss than the first lieutenant, so they make a power play. That kind of murder has to be investigated by the police. When a civilian is injured by stray fire, the police will demand the responsible party. In either case, the Yakuza will present someone who will confess to the crime, and the police will accept them at their word. This is rarely the person who did the deed (especially in the case of the hired hitman; if it was a valued specialist who wounded a civilian, a less important kumi-in will take the fall) but as long as someone’s claiming to be responsible, the police are happy. The Yakuza take care of a member who steps up for the greater good in this way, and if they stay loyal while in prison, they’re assured of a promotion when they’re released.
