---
id: CN-0231
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: NPC Stat Blocks - Donovan Pyke
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## NPC Stat Blocks

## Donovan Pyke

Born and raised in South Boston, Donovan Pyke was among the first elves born in 2011. His father was an FBI field agent and absent for most of his youth, but Pyke’s mother played up the importance of his father’s work. Accordingly, Pyke idealized his father’s role in maintaining order and safety for all Americans. As the world continued to roll inexorably into the future, Pyke’s father spent more and more time away from home.

Tragedy struck when Pyke was fifteen years old and his mother was killed by a stray bullet when a team of shadowrunners engaged law enforcement in the streets. His father worked locally for the next two years. They overcame their shared grief, and when Pyke Awakened in 2028, they weathered the storm together. Pyke was accepted into UMass Boston’s fledgling Hermetic Studies program.

It might have been good for Pyke after that, but his father returned to his former task force amidst the Crash of ’29. On April 9, Agent Pyke was one of thousands of victims of the virus after it corrupted the national air-traffic control network and crashed more than a score of planes.


**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>




of Boston, Pyke spends much of his time on the road, working to install similar chapters throughout North America. Even though it’s been hit or miss, he has everything he needs to keep at it, and there isn’t any indication he plans to let it go.
