---
id: CN-0166
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'ORDO MAXIMUS - Posted by: NightStalker'
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ORDO MAXIMUS

## Posted by: NightStalker

**>** Over the years, we’ve had all kinds of conspiracies, cabals, even downright evil on our boards. From Shadowland to the Nexus to right here at JackPoint, we’ve seen a whole lot of the drek of the world come on display, offering the first-look previews of bad juju coming our way. Universal Brotherhood, we saw where that ended up. The Arcology Shutdown, we had the skinny before the military in a lot of important ways. We share this because it makes us stronger, whether we want to make a difference or a profit.

Fact is, we’ve been staring a few down the barrel for a while, and I have a feeling the light at the end of the tunnel is the blast coming right for our faces. Asamando and the Infected have been crossing our screeds for a few years now, and the pieces have been slow to fall into place. I wish I could saw we’ve got the whole picture, but I have no intention of getting caught with my pants down, and if you want to survive, neither should you.

So here’s the return of an oldie but a goodie, the blue blood suckers of the glitterati royalty, Ordo Maximus, brought in all the stunning, hi-def, paranoid intimacy you have come to expect

from the vampire who hunts his own, Dr. Martin DeVries a.k.a. Nightstalker.

- Slamm-0

- You’ve been hanging out with Red too much if you give this much of a shit about vampires.

- Clockwork

- You’ve got your head up your ass if … well, no if.

- Slamm-0

- JetB)@*$&@#*

- Whippit

- Next fucker who even whispers it gets banhammer. So help me.

- **>** Bull

I hate vampires.

Simple statement. Easy to relate to. Invited all manner of commentary about my novels when they thought I was just a fiction writer. Now it’s awhole new kind of game when people know what I am. Self-loathing? Yes. I have no pretensions of immortality. I don’t want to live forever. I want to die every day. But I don’t get to. When I win my game of Last Infected Standing, my prize is getting to kill the last vampire in the world. Genocide ends with me.

Then I win.

The job feels like it will take forever. Winning feels like it’ll take longer. Every time I put one down, it turns out three more were sired. And they all ran in opposite directions. A hunter’s hell, if you’re playing to win. Sometimes it’s easier. They run off on their own. Maybe they don’t like competition, or they live under the delusion they can safely integrate with society. You pick them off and move on. Some get smarter, pack together or worse, head for Asamando. The pack I can take down. Asamando will tear itself apart in due course.

The worst, the ones I really enjoy killing, the ones who started all of this, run back to their masters in the Ordo Maximus.
