---
id: CN-0095
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Support
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Support

Like any operation or organization, there are those who don’t fit neatly into any category yet are

**>** And as far as I have been able to determine, Grey Cell has already made a large splash in various magical circles. And by that I mean slotted a lot of powerful people off. We already touched on the Draco Foundation so I’ll leave that alone except to say that they’ve been putting out a lot of feelers to find out where their ex-employees and members went. Daviar herself is reportedly pissed and took it as a personal affront. But it doesn’t stop there. An Atlantean Foundation-backed research team found their data vaults emptied after developing some reportedly powerful magical rites using what was reported to be some “Fourth World script.” Also, the remains of some Black Lodgers in DeeCee were finally found—each with a neat hole right between the eyes. Forensics guys say sniper shots at extreme range. And my personal favorite, a Delta-clinic backed by Aztechnology was raided and completely obliterated. Seems this particular clinic was a testing ground for tech and research related to cybermancy. Gotta admit, not sad to see that one go. Point of all this is that a lot of major magical powers are starting to look over their shoulders and becoming paranoid. And for us, this could be both a good and bad thing. Either way, this is basically where my part of the file ends. Feel free to rant and speculate from here. Me, I need a drink or six.

**>** Lyran

**>** Does no one have the guts to say it? Okay, fine. All signs point to Arleesh as being “the Patron.” I mean come on, it makes perfect
