---
id: CN-0242
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Dezba (Human)
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dezba (Human)

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>3 4 4(7) 3 5 2 4 5(7) 4 3.4<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>7 11/4 A1, I5 10/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Active Skills:** Athletics 4, Close Combat 3, Con 5, Electronics 2, Firearms 3, Influence 8, Perception 5, Stealth 4 **Knowledge Skills:** NAN Traditions, Shadowrunning, Sprawl Life, Street Rumors

**Languages:** English (Native), Sperethiel (Expert) **Qualities:** Addiction (Alcohol, 2), Ambidextrous, First Impression, Resistance to Pathogens **Augmentations:** Mnemonic enhancer 2, orthoskin 2, synaptic booster 3, tailored pheromones 2

**Gear:** Actioneer business clothes (+2), commlink (Rating 5, D/F 3/0) **Weapons:** Unarmed [Close Combat, DV 2S, AR 10/—/—/—/—] Ceska Black Scorpion [Firearms, DV 1S(e), Modes: SA/BF, AR 11/10/9/— /—, 35(c), w/ folding stock, stick-n-shock ammo]

a low-rent shadowrunner. A hard-knock life, but she grew up tough and street-savvy. In her teenage years, she rode along on more than a few jobs with dear old dad.

It wasn’t long before she was on her own making ends meet as a grifter. She scored a gig on the East Coast when a Johnson wanted out-of-town assets for a job, and decided she liked Boston more than Seattle, so she ended up staying. She was there during the quarantine, and that’s when she came under Donovan Pyke’s wing. A few years later, Pyke asked her to resettle once again, this time to Las Vegas.

With her coarse black hair and ruddy complexion, Dezba blends in well with the Native American population. She dresses practically but has a keen eye for fashion if the occasion calls for it. Her favorite spots are the greasy spoons and diners just off the main strip, where she can work without the constant noise and flash Las Vegas is known for.



info networks like the **Helix-Magicnet** or German Covennetwork **Hex.Net** . From what I keep hearing, the information related to both Stark, Theissen and Van der Mer (STV) and the plane of Dis and its inhabitants has become a very sought-after (and high-priced) commodity these days. **>** Glitch
