---
id: CN-0064
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Europe - Posted by: Ecotope'
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Europe

## Posted by: Ecotope

Europe has always been home to many political radicals on both the left and the right sides of the spectrum, keeping Euro-corporate and national police forces on their toes to counter terrorist strikes before they occur.

- Especially with Europe being home to so many top-ranking intelligence services. With the British Oversight Office, the German Bundesamt für Innere Sicherheit (BIS), the French DGSE (Direction Générale de la Sécurité Exterieure), and the Russian UGB/GRU, as well as spy corps such as S-K Prime, Aegis Cognito (Spin Global), Argus (Trikon AG), and Infolio (Index-AXA), it is next to impossible for terrorists to stay fully under the radar of these spooks. There may actually be plenty of information on GreenWar terrorists and cell profiles, maybe even the leadership, hidden in the offline networks of these corps under virtual glaciers of IC. What they choose to do with it and how to turn this into monetary capital or political leverage is an absolute different story.

- Fianchetto

Likely for the same reason, GreenWar refrained from stepping too much into the spotlight and used green direct-action groups more than once as patsies for their own attacks.

The ’60s and ’70s, however, saw a new force that rose to power silently but steadily in Europe within the toxic zones that metahumanity had created even before the Awakening: toxic magic.

Toxic magicians are Awakened, whose magic (and sanity) have become tainted by environmental blight or personal trauma. Their personalities and belief systems have been so damaged that they embrace the foulest of forces. The most common toxic magicians are Poisoners, who see themselves of as avatars of new “elements” such as pollutants (radioactivity, smog, sludge, acid), mutagens (chemicals, radiation, cancer), waste (sewage, garbage, plastics), or pathogens (virulent and bacterial diseases). In the past, it was believed that toxic magicians such as Poisoners were rare anomalies. However, already in the ’70s it became evident that toxic mentor spirits and toxic metaplanes must exist.

- “Exist” is a strong word, given that nobody fully understands what these entities we academically call “mentor spirits” (corrupted or uncorrupted) really are. While many have claimed to communicate with them, nobody has solved the spiritual

Most poisoners are loners and tend not to organize in larger groups. Not in Europe. Europe has at least one if not more toxic groups that are carefully expanding their influence. The most dreaded are the **Disciples of the Cleansing Fire** . Originally believed to be a cult of glow-punks worshipping the great dragon Feuerschwinge in the Saar Special Administrative Zone (SOX), this turned out to be just an elaborate ruse to instigate fear. Based on intel that runners have extracted from the SOX on behalf of the great dragon Kaltenstein, it seems to be more likely that the radioactive cult (comprising many poisoners and toxic adepts) worships an entity, a toxic incarnation of radiation, the _Cleansing Fire_ , that often takes the form of a blazing dragon but is not, in fact, Feuerschwinge.

- I would not be so sure of that. Feuerschwinge crashed into the SOX after being shot down with an experimental anti-dragon weapon by the Bundeswehr shortly after her Awakening, but we still don’t know what truly happened to her afterward—whether she died or was taken into megacorporate custody, as many DIVE members believe. Whatever the disciples are worshipping could still be her radioactively corrupted astral form or an echo that manifested when she died and gave birth to something we have yet to understand. What I have heard is that the cult leader, Ignifera, knows things. About Feuerschwinge and her hoard. Powerful magical items have surfaced in the SOX over the years. Where did they come from, if not from the great dragon? That is why Logos has funded runs into the SOX to extract and wrestle these draconic artifacts from the hands of the cult.

- Plan 9

The cult does not restrict their operations to the SOX any more, though. Using a front, a semi-religious new-age sect called **der Weg der Reinheit** (the Way of Purity), they have been extending their presence in multiple areas in the Allied German States, Switzerland, and France. There is further evidence that they have subverted society in other ways, possibly including the underworld.

- Way of Purity is using old-school mind control and brainwashing techniques successfully employed by many religious zealots to recruit members who have influence, assets, or strategic positions within corporations or social circles.

- Fianchetto

Another group that recently surfaced in countries that border the toxic North Sea (AGS, ScanGREEN WAR // TWO MINUTES TO MIDNIGHT: THE SECOND WAVE


dinavian Union, Iceland, UK) calls themselves the **Dark Tides** (or _das Dunkle Watt_ in German, though the translation is not fully accurate). Dark Tides seems to be composed of toxic water and mud shamans that worship a sea snake (or leviathan?) entity of the sea, which they treat as an incarnation of _Jörmungandr_ . From what I have heard, they have already infested several coastal areas and abandoned oilrigs in the North Sea.

- I’ve heard wild druids in the UK say that the Dark Tides seem to be in league with things that represent themselves as the Old Gods.

- **>** Chainmaker

Poisoners would seem to be the embodiment of what GreenWar is trying to fight, as they revel in toxic zones, engineer eco-disasters, and pursue the ecocide or corruption of Gaia. Ironically, though, GreenWar has their own fair share of toxic magicians, including the revenge-driven avengers _._ In a way, they are opposite sides of the same toxic coin. When they clash, it always results in mass casualties and collateral damage.

As these above-mentioned poisoner groups are expanding their sphere of influence, likely with the aim of creating new polluted zones, a collision of these groups somewhere in Europe seems to be inevitable. There are rumors among green circles that GreenWar is currently using Hamburg as a hub for reconnaissance missions, sending runners into toxic zones such as the SOX, the North Sea and its port sprawls, Jutland, the Polish Mazury-Białowieza Containment Area, and the Haparanda Anomaly Zone in Finland to gather intel on major toxic activities. To what end remains to be seen.

- Known GW terrorist and initiated toxic druid Myriam Hergheim (known under several noms de guerre such as Ceridwen or Aconite) acts as the organization’s Schmidt for most of these operations. Based on her eco-terrorist rap sheet, she ranks high among Europe’s most wanted, and AG Chemie put a bounty on her head after she managed to escape the high-security prison island in Hamburg during Crash 2.0. Hergheim is charismatic recruiter and leads the Hamburg network of GW cells.
