---
id: CN-0223
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Atlanta
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Atlanta

Posted by: Toro \<Uploaded 01-22-81/1507:13>

Now don’t let my employer know, but I’m not against unionizing. Just want to get that out there. The guy setting this up seemed like a nice enough fella. Shoot, I’m gettin’ ahead of myself.

Near as I can tell, Mr. Dufresne moved into the area about fifteen months ago. I tried diggin’ into his stories, but even though he had the right accent,



I couldn’t get a straight line out of him. I mean, I didn’t really get introduced to him ’til five months ago, so I am making some leaps here, fillin’ in the blanks. So, what I was able to determine is that he rolled into town and started meeting with the fixers both downtown and out in Saltwater Creek. He laid out some big-time nuyen buying friends and paydata, spreading himself around.

Seems he was wantin’ to build a stable of runners and telling the fixers that he was going to start sending jobs their way. I have friends who met with him early on, and the basic rules they had to play by were simple. Lots of boy-scout drek, mostly.

Top of the list: always be professional and courteous. Not in those words, but that’s how it reads. Part of that revolved around treatment of metas. Which means metaracists (or any racists, for that matter) ain’t welcome. Make sure you don’t trigger a race war. So, you can be sure no Humanis jobs were gonna be flowing through that pipeline. Or Sons of Sauron. Also, get involved in your communities, mind your civic responsibilities, especially working the borders between some of the more heated neighborhoods. Be seen fixing and cleaning things up.

- Ghost! There is hooding and then there is this. Last I checked, we were called shadowrunners because we kept to the shadows. You don’t want your clandestine work handled by some ork who needs to be home in time to help some kids with their homework.

> Pistons

Now a thing about Hotlanta ya gotta know is that there are some simmering tensions between us trogs and the smoothies downtown. Dufresne is a dwarf, so he didn’t catch both barrels of downtown hate, but you better believe no one was rolling out a welcome wagon for some halfer trying to buy his way into everyone’s good graces. So, they did what any good bigot does and hired a team to remove him.

The story doesn’t end there at all. Turns out Dufresne is one tough fragger, chummer. I don’t know how it went down, but he was all over Sweetwater the next week offering solid nuyen to any takers for his first official job offer. The run involved finding the drekheads who put out the hit and having a friendly wall-to-wall conversation with ’em. Guess someone got him all riled up.

Suffice to say, he had plenty of takers.

Now, I’m not saying that I won’t work with the breeders and the keebs. They can be good on a run, and some of them are good people. Hell, I’m friends with a few of ’em. But you don’t get a lot of mixed teams here in Atlanta, because some of that hate runs deep in our roots. So here in Sweetwater, we like Dufresne just fine, but honestly nothing’s really changed around these parts. Except now we

got a fella that pays decent nuyen when the policlub starts acting up and someone needs them to simmer down.

- If Mr. Dufresne is a local boy, he should have known about the divide between downtown and Sweetwater. A smart bet would have been setting up with two reps—the human could have hit the downtown. I am trying to figure out if it just points to ego or idiocy.

> 0rkCE0

- I’m going with the fact that he’s not local. You can train a good accent.

- Hard Exit

- Stupid, too. I mean, where did they do their research? If you are going to go in, you need to know the lay of the land. If ya don’t, then someone notices and what you have are slotted off people you wanted to make a deal with.

- 0rkCE0
