---
id: CN-0145
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Alkalee Stonebridge
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Alkalee Stonebridge

Grab a tissue for this one. Just a warning.

One night, Garrett Stonebridge came home from work complaining of some dizziness and fatigue. His wife, Alkalee, a wonderful woman who worked hard to keep their family organized and efficient, suggested he take a bath and get some rest.

Earlier that day, Garrett had been working at his desk at NeoNET in Atlanta. A man he had never seen was walking past and, startled by a guard calling out, accidentally spilled his drink (a slushy of some kind) all over Garrett and his workstation. The man apologized briefly and then went on about his day, but Garrett didn’t care. He was too busy cleaning up the mess.

That drink was a stolen sample of nanites that carried CFD. Garrett was overwritten over the next few weeks. Fatigue faded and turned to newfound vigor. This vigor led to suspicion from



Alkalee about an affair, and her reports to the company led to Garrett being taken to a NeoNET black site—but not before Alkalee had also been implanted with a small quantity of nanites. The nanites slowly grew in number, and CFD progressed inside her. It happened slowly enough that she came to terms with her other half, resulting in a shared consciousness. This has helped Alkalee avoid passing nanites to her children.

Or so she thinks. I have good reason to believe one of her three children is also overwritten. Alkalee operates as a data courier on the side to replace their lost NeoNET income. The data she moves often makes it to a secondary market, and my connections refuse to place it on her. She’s got a solid reputation, and her contacts keep working with her, so they truly do not believe she has anything to do with the data leakage.

Her children are currently seven, nine, and twelve, named Agatha, Agbo, and Aginthar respectively. From everything I’ve seen of Agatha, she is the only one who hasn’t experienced recent attitude and behavior changes. This could mean nothing, but it is a start to the efforts I’m trying to get going here. All three children are schooled at local Atlanta schools, none have shown active CFD behaviors, and nothing strange appears to be going on at school, but I’m sure that could change quickly if they felt threatened.

It’s a sad story of a mother and kids put in danger by the corps, and also one of Monads yet again stealing innocent lives.

- My money is on all three kids and mommy. If this Monad was truly splitting Alkalee, it wouldn’t have infected a kid. And if it did, it would have seen the signs or detected its kin.

- Plan 9
