---
id: CN-0087
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Grey Cell \u201CChallenge Coins\u201D"
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grey Cell “Challenge Coins”

Challenge coins have a long history in military, paramilitary, and similar organizations. They’re used in a variety of ways: denote who is or has been a member of a specific organization or unit, show that one has some kind of ties to said organization or unit, as a morale booster to troops, or as an unofficial reward by a superior officer to a subordinate. Regardless, challenge coins are often given as a token of esteem, respect, or thanks to the bequeathed.

Within Grey Cell, there are two types of challenge coins. The first is a regular bronze-gold coin that displays what appear to be stylized draconic eyes on one side and writing in a language unknown to metahumans. These coins are given and used much the same way as normal challenge coins are. But these coins are also used as markers and in certain circumstances can be used by the bequeathed to call for assistance from whoever gave it.

The second type of coin is given to members of Grey Cell. This one differs in that the eyes are grey in color and has additional symbols along the edges on both sides. These are used by Grey Cell members as a means of identification. Each of these coins are of a magical, alchemic nature and bond with the owner. If the owner is killed or if the coin is taken from them, all grey will fade from it. Coins can be passed on from one person to another; the coin bonds to the new owner.

And it is rumored that in extreme circumstances, there are a select secret few within Grey Cell who know of a ritual that turn the coins into an astral beacon.

talked and as soon as we were done with our crème brulee, I was thanked for my time and they simply left. Best meal I’ve had in months, worth it for that alone. I haven’t heard any from either of them since, nor did I get any kind of coin. And I’m not sure if that’s a good or bad thing.

**>** Winterhawk
