---
id: CN-0141
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Mr. Johnson, a.k.a. Grey Eyes
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mr. Johnson, a.k.a. Grey Eyes

The shadows are a solid place to hide. But when you want a job that won’t risk bleeding on your pals and potentially ending up with unwanted copies of yourself, you can’t be a runner. Grey Eyes started as a low-level fence and middleman in St. Louis but quickly worked his way in with key underworld figures to get regular work as a Mr. Johnson as well as expanding his fixer rep with better contracts, and his place as a fence with better and quicker returns. From those underworld connections, he made corporate and government connections and two more Mr. Johnsons appeared, all with the same distinctive feature that had earned Grey Eyes his initial moniker. Grey Eyes has a grey-silver hue to the sclera. Most assume it’s cyber or cosmetic, but it’s actually a side-effect of the initial CFD-carrying nanites. The trio are each around the same height and build but their faces look nothing alike.

He uses a rare ability to change his face in order to mask his appearance and operate at high levels in three different shadow-market communities. This means he has an abundance of information and access, making him one of the most, if not _the_ most powerful information/work brokers in St.

Louis. How the recent independence is going to play out in regard to his place is still up in the air, but most think it will fall in his favor.

Now, for the important reason to grab him and stuff him in a lab somewhere: he has a unique ability among Monads to shape his Obsidian Cloud into any form he wants. This means he can mask it, even while it is active and wrecking the Matrix around him. Corps want the ability, and so do other Monads, and Grey Eyes is not about to give it up. He is exceptionally paranoid about in-person meets and has extensive security around at all times. This may sound strange for a Mr. Johnson, but when operating as a job contractor, all that security just blends into the background.

An example. There was a team contracted for a job against Evo. The team was offered a double-cross via a staged gang fight in which three gangers died, but the message was passed and the runners were paid up front. The contract was set and silent—all the runners needed to do was take out the Mr. Johnson who would be sitting across the table from them. The meet ended with the six drugged runners all waking up in the bar with no idea what had happened. The bar patrons and staff knew nothing as well. They didn’t notice the signs of an altercation (tranq patches and dart guns) and only remembered the runners groggily waking at different tables around the room after appearing to pass out. It was enough of an urban legend that I paid a decent chunk of change to get a mage to run some memory scans, and it all came up legit. Respect the security.

This isn’t to say he’s invincible. He has weaknesses. Probably not while he’s working, though. And he’s a Monad, so minimal sleep is required, but the opportunities will be there somewhere. If they don’t come up for you, I would just ignore the collateral damage and take him out the easy way.

- A little harsh for a Monad who isn’t spreading the disease and is actively helping out the shadow community with multi-tier intelligence gathering. Are we sure this guy is the best person to take target advice from?

- Stone

- He said they weren’t all dark tales, but they are all Monads. They snatch bodies and then live how they want. That always puts them in the grey area to me.

- Thorn

Since I’ve painted a bleak and scary picture, I should add the final details. Grey Eyes was originally named Calvin Rochester. Calvin was a computer programming student studying at Washington University. He focused in computer sciences because the Matrix was the only place he could move. You see, Calvin was a quadriplegic who lost mobility in high school after a drunk driverslammed into his mom’s van on the way home from his senior homecoming.

I’m sure I need say no more, but I will. His mom died as a result of the accident, and Calvin was remanded into the foster system. His grades dropped, his full ride to MIT&T was rescinded, and he only got into WU because he illegally hacked their host. He got CFD from a college prank where his classmates dumped nanites all over him to “heal” him. You can easily locate the death notices for several college students at WU that semester along with no record of Calvin ever attending the school or being a part of their program. In fact, Calvin’s records ended with his attendance of his last-period College Calculus class the afternoon before homecoming.

- How did this guy find out?

- Neo-Anarchist

- Physical copies of things still exist. In fact, WU still has a physical yearbook collection. It’s nostalgic, but it makes a great place to find things on hackers who are great at erasing themselves.

- Bull
