---
id: CN-0235
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Eddie Wei
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eddie Wei

Eddie is a Seattle Chinatown businessman with ties to the Triad, most notably the EightyEights. Through both connections, he managed to forge himself a small network as a fixer, mostTHE SHADOW CHAPTERS // GAMEMASTER SECTION


Eddie Wei (Human)

**==> picture [210 x 97] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>2 2 2(3) 2 3 4(5) 5 6 (+2) 6 2.8<br>NORMAL<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>4 8/2 A1, I3 9/10 10/15/+1<br>MATRIX<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>14 15/2 A1, I3 10 —<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Active Skills:** Athletics 1, Close Combat 3, Con 5 (Acting +3), Cracking 5, Electronics 5, Firearms 4, Influence 6, Perception 4, Stealth 4 **Knowledge Skills:** Accounting, Business, Economics, Human Relations, Management, Triads **Languages:** Cantonese (Native), English (Native), Mandarin **Qualities:** Addiction 2 (Bliss), Bilingual, Indomitable, SINner (Corp) **Augmentations:** Cerebral booster 1 (alphaware), cyberjack (rating 4, D/F 7(8)/6, alphaware), datalock 12 (alphaware), implanted cyberdeck (rating 4, A/S 7/6), mnemonic enhancer 1 (alphaware), synaptic booster 1 (alphaware), tailored pheromones 2 (alphaware) **Gear:** Actioneer business clothes (+2) **Weapons:**

Unarmed strike [Close Combat, DV 2S, AR 5/—/—/—/—] Steyr TMP [Firearms, DV 2P, SA/FA, AR 8/8/6/—/—, 30(c)] FN P93 Praetor [Firearms, DV 4P, SA/BF/FA, AR 9/12/7/—/—, 50(c)]

ly supplying weapons and ammunition on short notice.

Through his business ventures, he managed to find himself in possession of several business rentals throughout the greater Seattle sprawl, but no particular business to fill them with. Scouting real estate with Ms. Snow, Donovan Pyke connected with Eddie. The two set up a meeting and a string of loosely associated security companies registered their licenses with city hall.

Despite having never set foot in China, Eddie speaks both Mandarin and Cantonese fluently. He enjoys feeling important; being in the middle of a shadowy web of intrigue scratches that itch, but he may find he’s in deeper than he wanted.
