---
id: CN-0222
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Manhattan
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Manhattan

Posted by: Gaspipe \<Uploaded 09-24-80/0102:52>

If you’re into big explosions or running gun battles in the street, working in Manhattan is bound to be a risky endeavor. Loose cannons never last long here, so the thought of someone coming and organizing us didn’t seem likely. The constant state of surveillance in the city means you are on camera all the time, and that type of deep association is going tie some bad drek back to you, if ya know what I mean. But sure enough, in walks some choob, stinking of corporate bulldrek, and he’s doing the damn thing. Even worse, he’s some uppity Bostonian. Bostonite. Whatever. Point is, ain’t no fragging way I’m gonna be working with him.

Now look, before you throw this out, I know how to execute a run and keep the heat low. Rules like everything you use needs to be disposable. You know, so you can make a clean getaway. But sometimes drek goes sideways, things go loud, and things get messy. That’s just life, know what I’m saying? So, anyway, I had one of those runs. Simple extraction gig. Get in, get the guy, get out, easy peasy. But then we got trapped by some unexpected complication. Before you know it, the target’s flatlined, half the team is creased, and hell, even the janitor’s dead.

After that run, I found myself persona non grata. I mean, chummers try to toss me a bite if they can, but all the juicy jobs and serious nuyen ain’t lighting up the comms. Now, for a consummate professional such as myself, this is insulting. I did a little digging and I got the inside line on what was happening to me by tracking down a fixer I grew up with, old Tina Two-Fingers, on account of she was missing some fingers on one of her hands. Sure enough, whoever this organization is, they put me on a blacklist.

specifically say not to sell ’em out. Like I gotta be a mind reader now.

Oh, and for some reason we don’t like mob work, but that’s not official or whatever.

So, what’s it like to work outside the union? It’s a big pile of drek. You want your gear? Well, your fixer isn’t gonna help you. Got gear you need to ditch? Your fence isn’t gonna touch it. But you can work, I mean. I still get jobs. But while sellouts are running against Spinrad Global making good scrip, you’ll be working for the shadiest Mr. Johnsons you ever seen. The backstabbers and the cheaters. And they know you know.

Now when they blacklisted me, I figured it was honest to goodness local street politics. We got this dwarf gal, Juanita Dasilva. They call her the fixer’s fixer. I thought that was pretty funny, but now I see it for what it is: damn stooge for the Bostonian. ’Course, Tina told me her cut lately has been wiz, so of course she jumped right on board. More nuyen but not more work is an easy win, and I can relate, so I can’t be mad at that.

But I can be mad at hypocrisy, right? For all their rules, turns out they’re happy to break them when it suits. Some of them low-rent jobs was about getting to the folks that don’t want to play ball and stashing them in safehouses before they got cacked. So it’s not all pegasus and unicorns. Few chummers of mine, fixers and runners, just disappeared. My guess? They’re off the shore of New Jersey, sporting some name-brand concrete kicks. Something to keep in mind if you’re gonna run with us scabs.

Oh, and back before they blackballed me, Tina told me a bunch of gigs were coming down from Herr Brackhaus, targeting MCT and a bunch of the double-As. I’ll let you smart folk decide what that means.

- They seem to be targeting neo-anarchists down in Queens and Brooklyn. Maybe someone reinforcing the police state.

- Old Crow

- A woeful tale of woe, but before anyone judges Tina, this isn’t Gaspipe’s only bad situation. As opposed to a one and done, there’s been a number of occasions where he brought down heat, each one just chip chippin’ away at his rep. Just the facts.

- > Cosmo

You’re probably asking me what fraggin’ rules I broke. Well, at the time, I had no clue. I just did my thing and made sure me and mine survived to run again. It weren’t like there was no sign-up sheet or a fragging FAQ on what is or isn’t allowed posted up on some forums somewhere. So, secondhand, I hear from a chummer that we can’t have collateral. We gotta stay “on target.” And no double dealing on Mr. Johnson—gotta keep things upfront and righteous. Which means nix on making a little extra scratch by selling ’em out when they didn’t

- Even with S-K’s fingerprints all over it, Horizon’s been a big player in all of this, especially proposing the idea of controlling runs throughout the city.

- Mr. Bonds
