---
id: CN-0338
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: So-honbucho
page: 160
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## So-honbucho

(Professional Rating 6)

They don’t carry a big gun, but you should be nervous about these people anyway. Their social and Matrix skills make them dangerous in the corridors of power. They may not shoot you, but they can convince people controlling large amounts of weapons where to point them.


## so-honbucho

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS<br>3 3 5 2 5 6 5 6 2.7<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>6 10/1D6 A1/I2 11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 3, Close Combat 2, Con 7, Cracking 5, Electronics 6, Engineering 4, Firearms 2 (Pistols +2), Influence 7, Outdoors 3, Perception 6, Piloting 3, Stealth 4

**Programs:** Armor, Edit, Encryption, Exploit, Overclock, Signal Scrubber **Augmentations:** Commlink (implanted, DR 6), cyberdeck (implanted, DR 5, 8/7) , cyberjack (DR 5, 8/7), datajack **Gear:** Armanté suit (DR +3)

**Weapons:**

Fichetti Security 600 [Light Pistol, DV 2P, SA, 10/9/6/—/—, 30(c), w/ detachable folding stock, laser sight]


Some are careful, others are chaotic. Some are new, others old. Some are ruthlessly calculating and logical, others have only the barest acquaintance with sanity. But they’re all in the shadows, they’re all dangerous, and they’re all things you need to know.

**Collapsing Now** details ten organizations poised to make an impact on the ever-shifting structures of the Sixth Word—ten organizations shadowrunners could encounter. Maybe they’ll be helpful, maybe harmful, maybe both, but whatever the case, runners need to know what they’re about. Because the last thing a good runner ever wants to be is surprised.

**Collapsing Now** is a Runner Resource book for **Shadowrun, Sixth World** .

**==> picture [55 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CAT28450<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

catalystgamelabs.com I shadowruntabletop.com
