---
id: CN-0262
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: // added by Mr. Bonds
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## // added by Mr. Bonds

STV Internal Report to the Inner Committee // Topic: ‘DEALERS” // HIGH CONFIDENTIALITY //

Based on the information we received from client [REFUGEES] on the planescape they call Traverse, we used the astral gate power of [SYPHON] to bring us to the metaplane. [SYPHON] visited this plane before moving to other planes and later Earth as easier “feeding grounds.” Given [REFUGEES]’s warning, we did not use [SYPHON] as inroad into the city, which appears to be a patchwork sprawl not unlike Kowloon Walled City but in a disturbingly Escher-esque style. Since I am familiar with Dr. Hombach’s Spirit Guide, I found several connections to spirits and metaplanes he has referenced in his work.

For a plane that seems to be visited frequently by outsiders, the inhabitants of Dis seem to be extraordinary careful and paranoid. Whether this caution is rooted in their history or is a continuing long con is difficult to say. The whole plane could—to put it in mundane terms—be a large honeypot to attract metaplanar travelers. Based on [OX]’s view, with whom we had consulted before, it considers the _Chaffer_ , as he called them, weak, but we know of [OX]’s aggressive tendency and lust for carnage and confrontation. As expected, it took us a while, and several visits over the last six months, just to establish a communication channel with them, because they were equally cautious as we. Given their alien mindset, it is difficult to say what they were thinking. They seemed to be caught off-guard during our first meeting that we were not asking for something but rather contacting them to offer our services and see what they were willing to give in exchange. They appeared to be used to being contacted for something they can provide and then striking a bargain. While there seems to be difference between the natives—not sure I would go that far in calling them factions, that may be a little too simple—they displayed a lot of what, in human terms, we would call mistrust, paranoia, and protectionism mixed with arrogance and superiority. Having Dr. Guo available as a resource and consultant was extremely useful, so my deepest thanks go to him. Overall, we experienced the natives as inherently untrustworthy and hard bargaining. Striking deals for anything (even the littlest things) seems to drive their existence (as propagation and survival is for the Invae). I would take nothing they say at face value, which means trust and certain amount of openness will be difficult, if not impossible, to establish. While we were in the city, I observed them trying several classical bargaining tactics. There were, for example, playing hard to get, making extreme demands followed up by small, slow concessions, using commitment tactics, take-it-or-leave-it negotiation strategy, trying to make you flinch, inviting unreciprocated offers, feather ruffling, preying on curiosity, bluffing, puffing, and lying, warnings, exaggeration and misrepresenting facts. They did not use threats and insults, but I would not put it past them. Since I had my fair share of negotiating contracts with our spirit client, this is all about the hooks. What I am worried about are the hooks that we cannot see—the long con they might be playing.

If I were to speculate, I would be not surprised if these natives “feed” (for lack of a better term) on the deals they make like many of the colloquially called “shadow spirits” that we have as our clients. The better the deal for them (and the worse for the individual engaging in the deal), the better the feed. Hence, they are trying to ascertain people’s desires and wishes that they can make come true with some kind of deal. In all, we would not advise engaging with them further as a relationship is unlikely to be mutually beneficial. I would even advise against allowing our junior partners to engage deals with them for “research purposes” (as we have done in the past). Interestingly, in the end it was them who stepped away from the table after finding out that we had apparently “made a deal” with [SYPHON] who has been our client for several decades now. I’m not sure if we made an enemy that day, but I would be cautious with everything moving forward.
