---
id: CN-0045
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Eco-Shamanism - //added by Magister
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eco-Shamanism

## **//added by Magister**

The term “eco-shamanism” is often confusing to outsiders, as it is used for both a modern arcane tradition as well as a (politically) green motivation of Awakened groups or individuals, who don’t necessarily need to be followers of the tradition of the same name.

- Meaning that eco-shaman can refer to nature-revering shamans, green magicians, witches, wiccans, wujen, or druids, which are all traditions commonly associated with the green movements.

- G-nome

Eco-shamanism—as a tradition—differentiates from classical shamanism in that followers are not just passively living in accordance with nature, magic, and spirits but are actively striving to remedy the damage that metahumankind has done to the planet. Hence, eco-shamans are often found at places where megacorporations release contaminants into the atmosphere, dump toxic waste into lakes, and where trees are felled and animals butchered by poachers or mass-farmed under undeserving conditions. Often these are urban metroplexes suffering under smog, where acidic rain is a daily routine and concrete jungles suffocate the living earth. Eco-shamans see themselves as healers, detoxifiers, or cleaners of the gaiasphere, working to contain if not heal the damage to the environment. Thus, they are frequently involved in eco-activism to make sure that Mother Gaia is not scarred further.

- Which translates both to the physical world and to astral space. Some eco-shamans feel attuned to the manasphere and focus on the cleaning of background count originating from pollution or social desolation.

what you believe) mentor spirits that are associated with the chosen element such as Sea, Mountain, Oak, animal idols that embody conservation, healing, or cleansing, or they directly choose the Great Mother, the embodiment of the voice of the planet.

- Interestingly enough, many magicians have reported receiving messages or visions from their totems or idols warning them of a danger from the metaplanes.

- Glasswalker
