---
id: CN-0204
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Instant Family
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Instant Family

I don’t know if anyone here pays attention to nature news, though this particular tidbit has been

covered in a lot of other places. Since the early days of the Awakening, it was noticed that, while there are a significant number of dragons on land, there was only a single sea dragon. We eventually came to know this creature as the Sea Dragon, who seemed to be the only one of her kind. Speculation was rampant about the pollution of the oceans killing all of her kind or reducing oceanic mana to a level too low to Awaken in, but in the end, it was simply assumed she was the last.

Not anymore.

Some very industrious (and now either hiding or dead) reporters managed to secure video footage of a pod of sea dragons off the coast of Louisiana, near the mouth of the Mississippi. The group consisted of eight individuals. According to other shadow sources, at the time of the sighting, the Sea Dragon was present in the region. Sources vary on whether she headed back out to sea or up the river with her brood, but no other sightings in that area were reported. Attempts to ask the Sea Dragon have failed, but that is not at all a surprise.

This new brood is likely the result of all the reported dragon-egg dealing that went on a few years back. But now what? Why did she build a family when she so obviously seems to be on the verge of something? The most important point



I see in this is that she made deals that possibly pissed people (and dragons) off in getting all those eggs. She may have even broken promises when she hatched them herself. I know we are going to see some kind of backlash from this, but exactly what I don’t know. I can’t imagine the trouble it would take to kidnap a baby sea dragon, but I can see it being quite the leverage.

- Those sea dragon pups went through a rift at an astral confluence in the headwaters of the river. It is supposedly the “official” beginning of the river. They all went in and returned in a matter of hours, but they came back fully grown. Legends among local tribes talk of places “outside of time” where natives lived full lives and then returned old after only a few days. It must be a metaplane.

**>** Frosty

- So, she sent her kids off to another metaplane to grow up, like some kind of metaplanar boarding school? That sounds like bad mothering and could be all sorts of trouble.

- Slamm-0!

influence to those in the city, depending on each of their desires.

Sure, this looks a lot like someone sweeping in to pick at the pieces of a carcass, but honestly, what major change has not experienced such things at their inception? Success often comes on the back of despair. So, let’s look at some of these pieces.

I’m going to focus in the recent era, because I know too many people who think that if it’s older than their goldfish, it’s no longer viable news.

Let’s start back in ’76, in Boston. Sounds like some kind of tale of the origin of the U.S. but it’s a big part of the fall of the UCAS story. Might even be a header in one of the final chapters. Obviously, we all know about the lockdown and quarantine. We also know it was all bulldrek and that some CFD madhouse was created inside those walls. They walled off the city and blocked off the harbor, but while radar and walls did a fair job of stopping exit over the walls, sonar, patrol boats, and nets just didn’t cut it when it came to preventing an aquatic exit.

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Enter the Sea Dragon.

- In order for them to go back and forth, she had to have gone with them. Not that time matters to her, either.

- Frosty

- How do you know this?

- Bull

- You know how.

- Frosty

- Oh, no. Frag anything that comes from that horse’s hoop.

- Bull

- Ha ha! I miss you little people. Have fun with your new aquatic master!

- Laughing Man
