---
id: CN-0116
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Aetherpedia Search: Aspected Domain'
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aetherpedia Search: Aspected Domain

Aspected domains are areas that are psychoactively charged toward a certain tradition of magic. The function as a mana ebb that hinders other traditions, and a flow that helps only the aspected tradition. The most common variety of aspected domains are from the various religious traditions[Source?] due to the amount of faith feeding the charge of old and well-established places of worship. It is also said[Source?] that a magician can acclimate themselves toward an aspected domain. However, as they are easily manipulated by things that affect the astral plane, they can shift in power, and the acclimation needs to be re-started.

- It's hard to guess the tradition of a magician that's attacking you or buffing their allies, and even harder to know the variety of adept, but sometimes you got to roll the dice you've been handed. The quickest way to get into an area that has an aspected domain is to break into a church, temple, mosque, whatever. Especially old ones with faithful worshipers. It might not cut off all of the magic that an adept or magician is using, but it'll be something at least. This, of course, works best if you are lucky enough to have an adept or magician of that religious tradition, as the area will boost their magic instead of hindering it. Know the team you're with, even if it's a fixer's thrown-together group, and do your legwork on how and where to go when the drek hits the fan. Run smarter and faster, not harder.

- **>** DangerSensei

- Don't be so sure we'll get anything out of Icarus any time soon, and not just because he is freaking out. Dude doesn't let any paydata go for free, and I doubt anyone here wants to pay for it.

- **>** Clockwork

- Okay, Slamm-0!'s magician is talking about some magically complex thing. I barely understand my boyfriend when he gets like this. "Psychoactively charged" is the term he uses for an area that's connected to the tradition of whoever made it, but what does all the rest mean?

- RRW

- Um, different traditions, so I'm having a touch of a problem following this Duke guy, but let's see. Oh. The area is a toxic zone that's a minor mana ebb for anyone who isn't a toxic shaman. I'd have to go there, in person or astral, to confirm all the specifics, and I'm not doing that tonight.

- Ethernaut

- That's bad, right? Any toxic magic is bad, I know, but ...

- **>** RRW

- Very. Toxic areas like this require pollution from a variety of sources. I don't think those brains went into the jars willingly, and I very, very highly doubt that they are comfortable in there. Probably being tortured to pollute the astral space in the area. Drek, I am bored tonight, I usually let others do this kind of

- explanation. Anyhow, it'd take a decade to get to the degree of mental torture pollution that this magician says is there.

- Orange Queen



- Game's been around for more than nine years.

- Glitch

- There you go.

- Orange Queen

- Yeah, well, we're at a dearth of magical assistance that doesn't talk like a fortune cookie, and I have to say, Many-Name's comment about being here to witness is a very true one.

jars, let us see exactly how everything is connected.

- Beaker

- Let's see now, hmmmmm ... the cybernetic connections are placed precisely the same way that Halberstam did, but there's something different. Could just be refinements he figured out since we've seen his work last, or it might be someone working from his notes.

- The Smiling Bandit

- Puck

- What am I, chopped liver?

- Ethernaut

- Okay, okay, I'm back, I'm calm. I'm not going to freak out again.

  - Okay, the team's hacker is getting to the dataports. Hmm ... a wireless dongle instead of a data cable, that's interesting. Ah, no datajack, looks like there's a technomancer on the team. I wonder how that affects his bowling.

  - Puck

- Icarus

- So, spill the paydata. What the drek is going on?

- RRW

  - And now we have to trust the word of a monster rather than some good, honest decker like Slamm-0! Or, even better, someone competent.

  - Clockwork

- Despite my reaction (which is the only freebie you're going to get), I think your credstick is too short to pay for this information.

- Icarus

  - That hate inside of you is going to eat you up someday, Clockwork, and I speak from experience. But, oh, wow, that's not good.

  - RRW

- Mercenary to the end, I like it.

- Clockwork

## **\<User Clockwork has sent User Icarus 1¥ through the JackPoint Money Transfer System, protected by Bull's Big Black Banhammer>**

- There, you've been paid, talk.

- Clockwork

- Lucky for you, this is important. Your nuyen buys you one thing. A name: Dr. Thomas Shalbermat. Or, as I originally knew him: Dr. Ronald Thomas Halberstam.

- Icarus

  - Yes, screaming and thrashing around like that is usually a bad sign when you're a technomancer.

  - Puck

  - Okay, so Earl and Slamm-0! seem to have found the memory units, as even Halberstam wasn't able to figure out how to use wetware to hold long-term memory. Their technomancer—Larry, according to his bowling shirt—has stopped screaming and is now starting to babble. Rapidly.

  - The Smiling Bandit

  - Am I the only one thrown off with the fact that we can see their fragging names on the armored bowling shirts?

  - Balladeer

- They never recovered a body.

- Butch

  - You think those are their real names?

  - RRW

- Which is why I pissed all over the hospital ruins. Took me eight pots of tea to get every part of it.

- Icarus

- Yeah, that makes sense, good point. Insert spiel of disbelief that they're in bowling shirts here.

- Balladeer
