---
id: CN-0236
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Blue
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blue

Blue has known nothing other than the streets of Chicago in the CZ surrounded by her sisters in the Desolation Angels. The chaos in Chicago allowed her to come into her own, and she fought alongside Becky 99 and the other Angels. Little can be found about her from before her time with the gang, but with the oh-so-immaculate record-keeping in the CZ, this makes sense.

When the dust settled around the events of Chicago, the Desolation Angels took a huge hit. Blue changed. While Becky 99 went about rebuilding, Blue declared that the time was now to push the bugs out of Chicago. A couple of the Angels went with her, but she headed out to make connections with other like-minded fixers and Mr. Johnsons in the area.

It’s pretty easy to spot Blue in a crowd. She is roughly ork height, but her features paint her as

**==> picture [212 x 185] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Blue (Elf)<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>5 7 6 5 5 5 5 5 2 5 6<br>NORMAL<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>7 11/1 A1, I2 11/11 10/15/+1<br>ASTRAL<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 10/2 A1, I3 11/11 —<br>Active Skills: Astral 7, Athletics 5, Biotech 2, Close Combat 7, Conjuring<br>5, Enchanting 5, Firearms 3, Influence 5 (Leadership +3, Negotiation +2),<br>Perception 5, Sorcery 5, Stealth 6<br>Knowledge Skills: Chicago Gangs, Chicago Geography, Magical Threats<br>Languages: English (Native)<br>Qualities: Astral Chameleon, Low-Light Vision<br>Magical Tradition: Shaman<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Gear:** Desolation Angels gang leathers (+2), commlink (Rating 5, D/F 3/0), Spellcasting Focus (Combat, Force 3) **Spells:** Acid Stream, Armor, Control Actions, Ice Spear, Improved Invisibility, Manaball, Manabolt, Mystic Armor **Weapons:**

Ares Predator VI [Firearms, DV 2P, SA, 12/12/10/—/—, 15(c), w/ smartgun, APDS] Unarmed [Close Combat, DV 2S, AR 11/—/—/—/—]

elf with large blue eyes and sharp, angled cheekbones. You will always find her in her old gang cut, as she still feels a connection to the group. She doesn’t often meet with new talent and will work through her network. But meets with her always take place in her lair in the Shattergraves.
