---
id: CN-0151
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Bitter Folk
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Bitter Folk

This is the last bit from me. Just a quick bit of finger pointing at those who stayed here and now want to be drekheads. First, there is a colony living in New York that has turned as sour as they come. I know we didn’t kick off all this blackout garbage, but if we did, these are the ones I’d look at for starting it. I’m especially suspicious of at least some connection, because none of them were lost to the blackouts.

**>** None were lost because they live on Manhattan, and that corporate hub somehow kept the power on.

**>** Plan 9

Then we have the prophets. They’re spread around the globe, but they all believe the future is controlled by an arcane artifact: a deck of tarot cards. They hunt for the cards in order to read them and make up whatever tale they want to help play out. A pair I talked to once told of the tarot telling of the destruction of a great city and claimed it was all about us controlling the Thor satellites.

We also have the Underground that A.J. talked about. This crew is way underground, but they have a solid secret network for communications. They don’t just use the Matrix and have their own language of hidden symbols, often written in their own nanite-rich blood which can only be activated by other Monads. They claim they can use their nanites to track as well. They get a few into or onto a subject and can track them anywhere on the globe with a Matrix signal to connect to.

My final two are the ones I hate the most, and at least one of the others will hate them as well. Max Jordan was a nobody. He was a SINless troll in Denver before he was chosen by DAGGER (Dynamic Access Grid Guide Exploration Routine), when DAGGER decided he wanted a meat body

**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: COLLAPSING NOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

THElike the cool kids. He did okay initially, but something went seriously wrong along the way and now he’s paired up with someone we all know and hate. Pax.

Dr. Penelope Ann Xavier was a drek cover name, screaming to get caught when she sabotaged the program in Boston and caused the lockdown. She had the advantage of no one looking for her and the greater advantage of being pretty key to the process. I’m glad she got hit by those same nanites that wrecked the city, but I wish she had died—the worst rats always somehow make it off the sinking ship, and her horrible, black soul now has a big meaty bodyguard and the same fragging crazy plan. Except now, somewhere in her head, she actually has a little bit of that monster Deus egging her along.

I’m doing my damnedest to keep tabs on them, but they’re elusive. Last I knew, they boarded a cargo freighter headed for Azania. I don’t even want to speculate on why, but I’m sure it’s nothing good.

- Glad you got it all out, pal.

- Plan 9

- Her and her goon, on a cargo freighter for several weeks. No way anything bad could come out of that. Kane, please find that freighter and sink it. With nukes.

- Slamm-0!
