---
id: CN-0136
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Hiding in Plain Sight
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hiding in Plain Sight

The absolute easiest way to ID a Monad is capture and intense interrogation. This is also called torture, but as soon as a Monad fears the shell it hides in is about to die, they almost always offer up their hypernatural abilities. You just need to be ready to deal with those.

If you aren’t ready to go toe-to-toe, another method needs to be used. The megas have tech with delicate enough detection systems to identify unique quirks in our physiology. These systems aren’t common, and they’re a bit pricey just to detect a person who is about 0.001 percent of the world population. If there’s a real risk and it’s about a job, spend the bytes, but if it’s something more casual, just go old school. Do a little P2.0 digging, gather a bit of history, and look for the changes. Monadtransitions are rarely smooth and often show signs of the change. Some go back and spackle over the damage, so a deep diver might be needed, but if the dig is going on while the swap is in progress, it’s hard to spackle on the go. The personal touch is always needed as a follow-up to make sure it’s the real deal.

Yup, I’m saying no tech method can get that sure-thing lock like some good old-fashioned faceto-face intel gathering. Just avoid shaking hands.

- Teenage targets are the toughest. It’s a turbulent time in life. Hard to tell when those errant social changes are just normal metahuman processes doing their thing.

- /dev/grrl

- Might make them a prime target. Not to mention the youth, metabolism, propensity for rapid emotional changes, and ease of making life transitions seem normal.

- Netcat
