---
id: CN-0186
source: Collapsing Now
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Doc Fangs'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Doc Fangs

- Fascinating. Thank you, Doctor. That is of immense help.

- **>** Nightstalker

AMBROSIA, at present, exists as pure research. While its potential is extraordinary, the horror is in its procurement of research materials. Fully drained and Infected metahumans are used as experimental subjects, existing in half-maddened starvation before invasive astral probing and physical vivisection. Death is a release from the very hunger the Project seeks to address, and it does not come quickly or easily.

- There’s got to be a better way. That’s just … needlessly cruel.

- Winterhawk

- Whatever eventual use AMBROSIA may have, its history will forever be stained with horror.

- Nightstalker

- I wish I could say more conventional research was free of such ethical breaches, but the fact is that much of modern technology is built on suffering.

- KAM

- Folks, wait, you could, theoretically, do a cybermancy thing to one of those flawed nulls, right? Like, it’s already got a weird aura, so why not just keep going and make it a Myrmidon?

- **>** Plan 9

- That makes no sense. If they could do that, they’d be making null cyberzombies. Or just cloning important people, programming them with personafix and skillwires and ASIST overlays to replace important people to … oh for fuck’s sake, I’m starting to sound like you.

- Snopes

- Oh my ghosts …

- Lyran

  - See? See?!

  - Plan 9

- Nothing is free. Life always exacts a price.

- Man-of-Many-Names

- What happens when Infected feed on flawed clonal flesh?

- EB

- Flawed nulls exhibit a kind of minor astral hazing, less like warp pollution and more an internal disruption. Think of it like this: cyberzombies are constantly making static all around them, while flawed nulls are more like a warped signal on your trid. But to answer your question, it’s akin to food poisoning or exposure to an allergen, so there is extraordinary discomfort,

- Layer in neural imprinting, assuming the cerebral tissue is capable of maintaining it … of course, mild cybernetic enhancement could likely correct those flaws at least enough to make it a viable servant. There’s no known research to indicate it’s possible, though.

- KAM

- No known research, Doctor, and much as I hate to live in the land of what-if, an absence of data doesn’t disprove anything. It’s possible.

- The Smiling Bandit
