---
id: DC-0208
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: "GTI Benevolent/ Malevolent Rapid Response Rescue Vehicle - a.k.a. CrashCart\
  \ \u201CRaphael\u201D/\u201CAzrael\u201D - (GravDrive)"
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GTI Benevolent/ Malevolent Rapid Response Rescue Vehicle

## a.k.a. CrashCart “Raphael”/“Azrael”

## (GravDrive)

So many names, but I figured if I’m going to talk about a craft, I should just talk about the whole spectrum of its design options in one place. Feel free to comment with favorite aspects of each design, but I’ll gush my love for this shiny new toy in the overall Rapid Rescue Vehicle arena.

First off, I’ve gotten extensive real-world experience. I’m not a test pilot. Azania cleared this GravDrive vehicle for full operations across the nation after a very successful test operation in PWV (Pretoria). The successes were due mostly to the activities of runners in the sprawl, but that’s neither here nor there. Just a point of interesting history that runners may find important, because it means the work isn’t done. Just stay away from my rig.

As for this state-of-the-art new VTOL, it operates with new GravDrive technology and was made specifically for CrashCart to leap them ahead of DocWagon in the response-vehicle market. Nothing out there in this class has the handling and speed of this new marvel and she approaches and lands with none of the usual wash—hitting dirt at the max its passengers can handle. Upgraded models are in the works that require some of the gravity control tech to work inside the rig. Not there yet, but it would be the cherry on top of the soyndae.

**Standard Upgrades:** Amenities (Low)




and we eventually lost the spaces we were using without going out in the high-altitude suits. Personally, I think these things need to cut the crew in half to open space up when they go high-atmo. I offered the suggestion. Not sure any of us test grunts were listened to, but if so I’ll crew up for a half-staff high-atmo gig again any time. If not, I’ll stick to the lower altitudes to stay social.
