---
id: DC-0222
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Luftschiffbau Zeppelin 2079 - (LTAV)
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Luftschiffbau Zeppelin 2079

## (LTAV)

The Zeppelin 2079 was a redesign of the venerable 2049—thirty years after the last of its predecessors came off the line. Orders were immediately placed by Wuxing and Maersk—partly to replace some of their aging fleet, but more to prepare for the slow-haul-flight shipping battle that was about to start with Evo’s buyers and subsidiaries using their high-tech replacement of the zeppelin-style platform.

I personally love ’em because they’re about 90 percent reverse compatible with the old 2049 parts in a pinch, and they’re generally easy to fix on thefly. Lose an engine and you run on one. Lose both and you can hover almost indefinitely as you work out repairs. Lose a float chamber and the others will compensate. In fact, the 2079 does have a great upgrade over the ’49 in that department: it has a total of twenty-eight float chambers, four core, eight secondary, and sixteen exterior. It can lose up to twenty of them and still stay up.

- I find myself saying it again, but I am amazed how many of these are in the air. Small firms held them up for a bit, but Maersk and Wuxing dumped a crate load of R&D cash of their own before pumping investments and contracts into Luftschiffbau. Primarily used for slow-roll cargo, they’re cheap to get up and fly, preferring efficiency over speed on prevailing winds.

- 2XL

- Folks have started calling zep pilots “sky sailors,” as they use wind currents far more than the motors. It’s an art to handle these and I respect the talent.

- Kane

- Um … Mogadishu?

- /dev/grrl

- I said respect. Profit is profit. I watched for a bit before bringing them down. They are beautiful at riding the clouds.

- **>** Kane

- Maersk never flies them solo. In fact, they usually travel in flights of six to twelve. You can bet that one or two of those in the flight are going to be refitted for assault.

- Red Anya

Luftschiffbau Zeppelin 2079 (ltav)

**==> picture [210 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>5 5 30 115 30 2 2 2 2/50 2 400,000¥<br>Standard Upgrades: Increased CF<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
