---
id: DC-0024
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Freight/Logistics
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Freight/Logistics

I’m sure most people reading this have tried to tackle a Mack Hellhound, or something similar, on the open highway. And there are remote-rigger-operated delivery van fleets that operate within most major urban areas to take goods from major transit hubs to stores of all kinds. You’ve delivery drones that deliver everything from firearms and ammunition to takeout food and clothing. Nowadays, almost anything you order from the Matrix will come via drone, either a ground-based unit deployed from a van or truck, or a flying drone (the Renraku Pelican being the most ubiquitous). Most of these drones operate autonomously, but there are still riggers within the host for emergencies (are you seeing a pattern here yet?).

But freight and logistics are so much more than just moving goods by road between or within cities. So much more, and almost all of it relies on riggers. Maersk and Wuxing are the biggest names in maritime cargo, but all of the megacorps have their own fleets of freighters. And these are all rigger operated, almost exclusively onboard and jacked in—noise is bad enough in the middle of the ocean, but throw in a nice Atlantic storm or even a hurricane, and you’ve so much noise you’ll be lucky to get a wireless signal from one end of the ship to another. The captain/master of the vessel isn’t always a rigger; they used to jack into the captain’s chair via a datajack, but now they can simply log into the node of the vessel using any AR interface to direct their helmsman. The NSE will reinvigorate the maritime shipping industry, though, as ships are retrofitted with the system, thus allowing multiple riggers to operate at once. No more totally separate helmsman, gunners, and e-war (because even a freighter needs weapons and electronic warfare capabilities, thanks to pirates and shadowrunners), we’ll be back to completely integrated and seamlessly coordinated multi-rigger systems. And that will mean more jobs, so I’d expect to see more riggers employed by the megacorps.

- I’ve no doubt Papa Jazz is right—the new Matrix tech will make my job much more difficult. And more challenging! I’m looking forward to it.
