---
id: DC-0061
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Mitsubishi Runabout
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mitsubishi Runabout

There’s not really much to say about the Runabout that can’t be said about similar models. This two-seat electric coupe was intended to compete with the likes of the Jackrabbit as a no-frills economical car. And while it never gained the same level of popularity and sales numbers, the Runabout has always been a steady seller. It’s been in production for almost thirty years now and is showing no signs of retirement. While current models have fixed the seating space issue that plagued previous ones, the Runabout is a good car for those needing a basic ride. Just don’t try and take one off-roading. At the end of the day, it will reliably get you from point A to B just fine, if that’s all you need.

- Boring. Why even bother mentioning it? Isn’t this supposed to be a file about “automotive awesomeness”?

- Haze

- Look, don’t be an elitist drek-hole. First, not everyone who starts out in the shadows has the funds to get the best-of-thebest gear; sometimes we need to work our way up and make do with what we have. Second, you may not use something like the Runabout for a job, but what about making sure you can at least get to a meet with Mr. Johnson on time? I lost track of how manyrunners, even established ones, rely on **public transportation** . Yeah, that’s gonna impress Mr. Johnson. Also, we riggers are not your default taxi simply you’re too cheap to get a simple ride of your own.

- Turbo Bunny

- Now who’s being elitist? And that is **exactly** what riggers are for.

- **>** Haze

  - To be fair, the Javelin’s performance isn’t anything to be ashamed of either, even if it’s not as posh. It still has the rigger adaptation standard, but also comes with “backup” (heh) manual controls. I’m no rigger, but I’m decent enough behind the wheel and I will say that the Javelin I used while working in Atlanta handled like a dream; the most responsive car I’ve ever driven. And it got my hoop out of a rather sticky situation with the local Star. Too bad I had to leave it behind.

  - Hard Exit

- Omae, if you ever come to Motor City, keep that opinion to yourself, or you’re never gonna get a ride anywhere.

- Johnny Redline

Mitsubishi Runabout (coupe)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 3/6 25 15 150 8 2 2 1 2 2 10,000¥

Saab Javelin 878TI (sports car)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 1/5 26 34 240 6 4 4 4 2 3 100,000¥ **Standard Equipment:** Rigger adaptation

Saab Gladius 998TI (sports car)
