---
id: DC-0177
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Proteus Marianas
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Proteus Marianas

Exploring the depths of the ocean floors has become a major source of revenue for those corporations that are prepared to put the effort and nuyen in. Proteus is perhaps the least surprising corporation to have devoted significant resources into exploring, and then exploiting, the ocean floors.

The Proteus Marianas is one of the largest dry submersibles that can reach the bottom of the Marianas trench in the Pacific Ocean, the deepest part of the ocean that we know of. It is designed to operate for extended periods of time with a crew of 6 (typically a helm and engineer, and four passengers) as they explore the ocean floors, looking for new mineral deposits, researching the unique and wonderous life forms that live at those depths, and potentially mapping the sea bed for potential sites for new aquacologies.

The Marianas come equipped with two integrated cyberarms, thus allowing the helm, or another VCR equipped member of the crew, to perform complex tasks. This has also seen Marianas pressed into service when complex work needs to be carried out underwater, as it is often far more



Proteus Sea-Class Cargo Submarine

effective to put the rigger directly on site than it is to try to run a fiber-optic cable for several kilometers from the parent vessel to a drone.

Marianas are typically hosted by a large boat or small ship that is equipped with specialized heavy-duty cranes in order to lift the submersible into and out of the water, as well as carry out repairs and replenish the vessel. The crew enter and exit from a hatch in the dorsal hull.
