---
id: DC-0200
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Eurocopter Tiger - (Rotorcraft)
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eurocopter Tiger

## (Rotorcraft)

You can’t deny a classic. The Tiger was the staple of the Eurowars battlefield, and while it has since fallen into disfavor for newer models, it’s still quite capable of being a lethal force for the smaller nations and corpsec forces that operate them in the less-hospitable areas of the globe.

I favor the Tiger because I can hit just about any aircraft junkyard on the planet and find the parts I need for most repairs. She’s also still a capable attack helicopter when put up against ground forces or some of the mixed-spec rotorcraft like the Wasp and Yellowjacket. I focus on her Old World charm and the ease with which I’ve been able to integrate newer Matrix protocols and comms systems even though she’s a little older. Her need for repeated upgrades across her storied career left the engineers to design simple upgrade interfaces. New models aren’t rolling off the line, but secondary markets have a bit of a glut since the last Matrix crash. Updates to the new system are available, but many are going with new, cheap, and disposable for their aircraft of choice.

- The similar framing to rival copters of the time has also opened up that scrap to do repairs on a Tiger. Just need to remember to keep balance in mind when welding plates from Hughes and Hawker-Siddley counterparts onto a Tiger.

- Osprey

- These are primarily found in the most destitute of destitute areas where no one bats an eye at a Eurowar classic attackchopper buzzing by. Good thing those spots are more and more common these days.

**>** Hard Exit

- Speaking of that, several Tigers have found their way over to blackout sprawls. Right after the event, several corps and independent operators brought these in without Matrix upgrades in hopes of keeping them safe.

- St. Louis Blue

Eurocopter Tiger (rotorcraft)

**==> picture [210 x 49] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>3 25 50 430 16 10 2 4 2 4 350,000¥<br>Standard Upgrades: Ejection seat, hardpoints (2 large, 2 standard),<br>mil-spec plate armor (1)<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
