---
id: DC-0157
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Aztechnology Cipactli
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology Cipactli

Warships come in many shapes and sizes, but there are defined terms that encompass a certain expectation when it comes to physical size as well as capability. The corvette is the smallest of these terms; and that is what we have here. The Cipactli class, named after the mythical sea monster in Aztec legend, is what most navies would call a general-purpose warship. They are equally effective in anti-ship, anti-submarine, and anti-air warfare, and as such form the mainstay of the Aztlan/Aztechnology littoral navy, as well as see some use our in the open ocean.

- Slamm-0!

- AZT use these things like gunboats at times—the Caribbean is lousy with them!

- Kane



**==> picture [183 x 31] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Aztechnology Cipactli<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

As one would expect in the modern battlespace, the primary weapon of most militaries is the missile, and that’s doubly true of naval warships. As such, the Cipactli class has three primary missile batteries. The fore battery is primarily anti-air missiles, while the midships battery usually houses the anti-submarine missiles (torpedoes dropped from a drone-controlled missile), and the aft battery the anti-ship/surface cruise missiles. As the batteries are all vertical launch systems, the Cipactli class does not lose any combat capability with this arrangement, though word is some captains prefer to mix their missile types within each VLS battery. Based on my own experiences, I don’t think this makes the slightest difference, but some ideas die hard, and this one is left over from the Cold War of the late twentieth century. As well as the three missile batteries, the Cipactli class boasts a single 115mm naval gun in a bow-mounted turret. This is primarily used for naval gunfire support of AZT corporate security forces, but it can be used to fire a variety of shells and thus can pose a threat to boats, and even small ships.

Secondary armament includes four Tortoise CIWS, each of which is a drone-controlled, sensor-guided point defense system that combines a 20mm rotary autocannon with two direct-fire missile pods. Typically CIWS are used to shoot down incoming missiles and aircraft, but the Tortoises can be controlled by the primary combat controller (or a dedicated jumped-in rigger) and thus can be used against surface targets, too. Word is the Tortoise is a frighteningly effective weapon system. There is one Tortoise mounted fore and aft of the superstructure, and one starboard and one port midships within the superstructure. Since there are no other secondary weapon systems, this would seem to make some semblance of sense, even though to most it seems overkill.

Crew compliment of a Cipactli class corvette is fifteen officers and eighty crew. This seems like a small number for a vessel of this size, but typically there will be at least four riggers on duty for various purposes—helm, electronic warfare, two gunners—which means the ship doesn’t need as many crew as previous generations of warships did in order to be combat effective. Modern electronics, don’t you just love them?

The Cipactli class ships are 114m long, 13 meters wide, and have a draft of 5.8 meters. Combined with their low displacement of 3,100 tonnes, these vessels can go places very few other warships can. They are not the most pleasant to ride in very heavy swells, but by far not the worst out there on the oceans of the world.
