---
id: DC-0029
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Entertainment
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Entertainment

The entertainment industry, including news and other media, relies on camera drones a _lot_ . I’m sure we’ve all seen the sim starlet with the small (or not so small) constellation of camera drones floating around to capture every possible angle. Or the nosy reporter who sends camera drones into places they really shouldn’t (or should, depending on your point of view) poke their noses into. A lot of these are autonomous, but once again, aside from the small independent or freelance reporters, you’ll usually find a rigger backing them up. And let’s not forget that even in this age of sim-flicks and BTLs, there are still a lot of live-action productions coming out of the major media corporations. All of these need cameras, too.

The same goes for live music and sporting events. A lot of people like to watch via simsense, but the vast majority of fans still tune into the live broadcasts, and those need cameras. Even static cameras are often rigger adapted, and a not insignificant number of directors for major live events are riggers themselves—the better to monitor multiple feeds and switch between them. Yes, a decker can do this, but RCCs are just too useful, and riggers are accustomed to monitoring swarms of drones simultaneously. Multitasking like that just comes with the job.

- I have to confess, I prefer the live-action feeds for most sports. They just feel more authentic, more real somehow. Plus, I can watch them on the trid with little Jack.

- Slamm-0!

In that same vein, when I arrived in Libya for my first tour of Desert Wars, I was surprised by the number of camera drones. Both in rear-echelon areas, and on the battlefields—they’re everywhere! All soldiers wear (or have implanted) simrigs, and our vehicles are wired to transmit a simsense telemetry back to the broadcast centers, so I didn’t expect to see all the camera drones. You soon learn to filter them out, but until then they are a bit of a

distraction due to them flitting all over the field so as to give the live-action feeds great views of the battles. As an exception to the rule, these drones tend to not be closely tied to riggers, since hacking them is one of the most severe forms of cheating within Desert Wars, but sometimes a rigger is needed to take control. Usually when the rounds are flying thick and fast.

- I’m surprised Papa Jazz didn’t mention it, but several Renraku personnel committed seppuku after it was discovered they tapped into the camera drone feeds, coincidentally in an engagement against the Steel Storm. The Storm managed to win, but their losses were exceptionally high for that engagement. I heard the compensation payout was in the billions of nuyen.

- Pistons

- I wasn’t going to bring that particular incident up, as my carrier was hit during that engagement. I lost good friends due to those bastards cheating, and I’m having to get used to a new cyberleg to boot. I don’t know how much the compensation was—that’s down to the Boss, the IMA, and the refs. I do know that Renraku fell over themselves to offer primo medical care, including deltaware, for those injured in the match.

- Papa Jazz
