---
id: DC-0235
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Walker Aerodesign Kanyuk Interceptor - (Fixed-Wing)
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Walker Aerodesign Kanyuk Interceptor

## (Fixed-Wing)

Evo was behind this eighth-gen competitor to Dassault’s Zeta Bravo when it was the YNT Kanyuk. They somehow handed over this tech dream to NeoNET. Then NeoNET saw the writing on the wall after Boston and kicked several facilities into high gear to boost manufacturing. Then the Monad in charge of the project was assassinated, leaving it no functional oversight, and it was forgotten. But the production plants didn’tforget. Drone labor kept building. It wasn’t until a number cruncher at Novatech noticed some serious discrepancies that someone went out to the plants in PCC and northeast UCAS, where they found fields full of completed Interceptors. A few had gone missing, but Novatech is sitting on the rest for right now.

I flew combat in these over Bogota and have since gotten to move a few, and they handle like a dream. The drone manufacturer was precise to the micrometer, and you can feel it when you punch it over Mach One with almost no shake. Word is Novatech will be pricing these low because they already had them written off during the collapse of NeoNET.

- They seriously “lost” all those. When these things hit the market, black or otherwise, Novatech is going to get a nice bottom-line boost. It’s a huge number of planes to just get built without anyone noticing. Someone had to have known, and I’m sure there have been some backroom deals to keep things as quiet as possible.

- Icarus

- I caught a rumor that Villiers has seven of these as a personal fighter escort for his Platinum X. Makes me think the plant wasn’t so much forgotten as conveniently set aside to avoid selling off this tech advance.

- Balladeer

- I caught a similar rumor but heard old Tricky Ricky actually flies one of those seven under the callsign “Villain.”
