---
id: DC-0393
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Hydrocarbon Fuel Converter
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hydrocarbon Fuel Converter

This mod doesn’t really give any extended operating time, but it does let you run your vehicle off of just about anything organic that you can find around—the more energy dense, the better. A small plasma furnace is installed in the fuel system to render any hydrocarbons down to their constituent parts—mostly methane and ethane. Then, the vehicle’s internal combustion engine is modified to be able to run off the raw material output of the plasma torch. This allows nearly anything to be fed into the vehicle as fuel. A vehicle with an HFC engine can always be refueled as long as there is raw material around to be processed. For vehicles with a straight electric propulsion, a small ICE (internal combustion engine)

This allows the vehicle to generate all the power it needs when it’s out in the sun under a clear sky. It can produce either electric or liquid fuel. If the vehicle has an internal combustion engine, the suncell powers a converter that pulls CO2 and water vapor out of the air and converts it to a synthetic hydrocarbon liquid fuel. Vehicles with a suncell system do not count any time operating under a bright sun against their operating time; only nighttime and cloudy conditions drain the fuel reserve. (This mod may use either Powertrain or Electronic mod slots)

**==> picture [228 x 44] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
MOD SLOTS RATING<br>1 —<br>AVAILABILITY COST<br>2 9,500¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
