---
id: DC-0101
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: General Dynamics Flyer-90
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## General Dynamics Flyer-90

The Flyer line of vehicles was originally produced by General Dynamics (GD), a company that manufactured a multitude of military hardware, vehicles, and (yes) aircraft going back to the mid-twentieth century before it was bought by Ares Macrotechnology. Since then, GD has mostly focused on electronics for milspec products. The key word is



“mostly,” as GD still produces a few vehicles under the auspices of Ares Arms, with the Flyer line being one of them. At its core, the Flyer-90 is an amped-up dune buggy/ATV—an ultra-lightweight frame with a powerful electric engine giving it excellent speed, handling, and off-road capabilities. The Flyer-90 has a low-profile blocky design with little sleekness about it. But then, it’s not meant to look pretty—it’s meant to be used as transportation and fire-support for SF teams or recon units. The Flyer-90 has two main features. The first is the ability for the roof to fold down and the frame to compress, allowing the vehicle to become more compact and easier to transport and deploy by most cargo aircraft. The second main feature is its completely modular design. Other than the engine, standard manual controls, and a standard sensor/drive package (just enough to get the fragging thing to move), all additions to the vehicle are selected based on the mission’s parameters and objectives. All gear, armor, systems, and even seats are literally snapped or locked into place mere hours before mission departure. The general layout includes a main cab area with room for a driver and passenger/land-navigator. Behind the driver and navigator are seats for two passengers. A manual heavy weapon turret (often with a seat) is also accessible from this area, and a small weapon mount can be added in front of the navigator. The rear can also be configured to fit additional seating but is most often used for storing gear and ammunition.

- Another thing about this little dune buggy is that it’s extremely quiet. The gear rattling in the back makes more noise than the engine. Which is exactly the point. Get a team in and out, preferably without firing a single shot. Because even with the weapons and armor, these are not meant for a stand-up fight of any kind. Stealth, speed, and surprise are your best friends with this ride.

- Hard Exit

- Just make sure you bring spare batteries. They last approximately twelve hours and can be recharged with portable solar panels, if that’s an option. But if the mission is extended for any reason, the Flyer-90 may not have the legs to complete it, leaving the operators in a very bad situation.

- Rifleman
