---
id: DC-0233
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Renegade Works Mothership - (LTAV)
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Renegade Works Mothership

## (LTAV)

Call it advertising, but I want to talk about these black-market beauties. You don’t get to fly them as much as ride along with them, but they do have a little pod if you were inclined to take it for a spin or needed to move it somewhere. Avoid long stays in the little space, it gets cramped.

This isn’t a normal vehicle. It’s a lighter-thanair travel assistant. It’s like a cargo hauler but designed for a very narrow subset of cargo, namely LAVs. But I have news for all you non-LAV owners: We here at Renegade Works have designed harnesses that are far more adaptable, and we allow you to adjust the Mothership to not just help your fuel-sucking LAVs make a long haul without breaking the budget, but also harness up your glider, Cessna, or even jet and launch from a comfortable altitude. Or load up your cargo hauler, RV, or mobile command and set them down well beyond where the roads go. This may have started as a niche hauler, but now she’s the universal delivery accessory for any of your vehicular needs!

Oh! Did we mention it can handle watercraft as well? Standard powerboat harnesses are easy to set and scoop, and with the “Skysailor” harness, you can haul any vessel with a clearance under 25 meters.

No transport left behind!

Drop us a comment here, and we’ll start the harnessing process!

- I cleared the comments for connection to redirect [here].

- **>** Glitch

- I’ve been a fan since before Renegade went less renegade and let corp money in, but the products are still quality. And now that they’re a tad more legitimate, I get fewer scans at legit border crossings.

- Blackhawk

- Be careful with anything you need to gently set back down. The Mothership is notorious for hard landings, and without proper shock adjustments, you could end up being unable to drive away from the drop point. On the water, you need to make sure it’s relatively smooth. Waves over a meter, and you better be ready for a quick drop if you catch the crests wrong.

- Sounder



- There was a warning years back to avoid aerial reconnects, and it stands today. They haven’t gotten better, since no one has really tried to make them better. It’s a niche move—anyone capable of it can pull it off, but everyone else just shouldn’t have the option.

- Turbo Bunny

- Call me nosey, but I’m curious who they’re backed by now. Ares chased them out of Detroit. NeoNET is toast, and their NorthAm remnants wouldn’t bother with this. Evo has their own meal ticket to ride. S-K isn’t going to bother. Wuxing or Maersk maybe, but they’ve got bigger and better ways to move air freight. Horizon has been expanding, but I don’t see this PR nightmare as something they’d latch onto. No for the Azzies, as they’ve shot down more than their fair share of these. I could go on and on. I’m thinking maybe SpinGlobal, because Johnny was bored one day or wanted to make one that could drop his personal rig. Anyone got anything that isn’t me speculating on every corp on the planet?

but fewer than two dozen roll out each year. Newer fighters and drones have long since taken over the battlefield.

The thing is, nothing is more exciting than a good old-fashioned dogfight, with two pilots putting their skills to the test in the skies. One flies home, the other floats slowly to earth if they ejected in time.

- The lack of corps interested in fighter jets was the end of most of these. No need to defend borders when your borders are usually measured in blocks.

- Hard Exit

- If you make it over to Sacramento anytime, drop me a line. I have a trio of Fixers I picked up after they were decommed as training opposition for the CFS. Happy to let an old jock touch Mach One again.

- CalFreedom Fighter

- Sunshine

- It’s not a corp you would think of. The money is coming from River Guard Investments, a shell that owns a bunch of other corps that operate and own property along the Mississippi. There’s no solid proof of the ties, but shadow intel says the Sea Dragon is the owner and therefore the investor in this rigger think tank.

- Rigger X

- So the Sea Wyrm gets entangled in the NorthAm smuggling pipeline and now backs a company that makes smuggling hacks and produces a way to move assets by air. Why does this keep getting worse?

- Bull


## Renegade Works Mothership (ltav)

**==> picture [210 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>3 5 30 120 26 0 1 2 1 3 50,000¥<br>Standard Upgrades: Winch<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
