---
id: DC-0262
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Ares Gunrunner GR-02 - (large tracked drone)
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Gunrunner GR-02

## (large tracked drone)

First fielded only two years ago, the GR-02 is a tracked heavy weapons platform, nothing more or less. The larger counterpart to the GS-01 Gunslinger, the GR-02 has a simple mission profile: provide heavy fire support to infantry units on the battlefield.

- Yeah, they got the guns, but the armor on stock models needs to be beefed a bit if you’re going to use it in frontline combat; they tend to pop when hit by heavy weapons. During the ’78 season, Ares’ Charlie Company learned this the hard way when a pair of S-K Ajaxes tagged the Gunrunners they were using as rolling cover. Ouch.

- Kane

- As part of our contract at the time, my unit was given six GR-02s for our TO&E. They are a bit on the slow side, but I agree that the firepower makes up for that with proper support. They were particularly handy in Detroit, although Ares field commanders were a bit unnerved when they found themselves staring down the barrels of their own products. But that’s what you get when contract terms are violated.

- Picador




## Ares Gunrunner GR-02 (large tracked drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 3/4 12 12 60 12 12 4 5 1\* 4 30,000¥

**Standard Upgrades:** Ceramic plate armor, 1 heavy weapon mount (turret w/ optional AR/manual controls), 2 regular weapon mounts (turrets), heavy weapon mount (forward, fixed), network sharing environment, SAFE targeting system

- One small standing foot platform for rider/gunner for main heavy weapon turret
