---
id: DC-0180
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Proteus Sea-class Cargo Submarine
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Proteus Sea-class Cargo Submarine

For as long as there has been metahuman conflict, there has been the need to move people and things in secret, and so the idea of moving freight by submarine has been around for a long time. It is only with modern materials and construction methods that the dream of a true subsurface freighter has come a reality. Cargo subs are usedby many corporations to move sensitive cargo in secret, as well as to provide a more secure means of transporting freight from point A to point B. This additional security is a service that the big maritime freight companies offer, since using submarines allows the freighter to avoid most of the usual entanglements associated with surface ships—namely, critters and pirates.

- It’s true, intercepting and seizing cargo from a sub is much harder than from a ship because of their very nature. Boarding a submarine without the crew wanting you to is extremely challenging if not downright impossible.

shipwrights, one they would likely pay a significant sum to learn more about.

The Sea-class subs conform to the Panamax standard, so they can traverse the Panama Canal though the original locks. I am not aware of that having happened with one of the subs in this class, but they are built so that it could. At 280 meters long and 28 meters wide with a draft of 11 meters when surfaced, these subs sit very high in the water (in order to meet the Panamax standard), which makes them look very funny. But submarines aren’t meant to be on the surface, and once the Sea-class have returned to their natural environment, they are more than fine.

- Kane

Proteus has a large number of arkoblocks and aquacologies, perhaps more than any other megacorp, and so their need to get supplies to an undersea location, plus the increased levels of security and secrecy subsurface cargo transport affords, means that they have more cargo subs than Wuxing and Maersk combined.

- I’ve heard rumors that both Maersk and Wuxing are stepping up their cargo-sub-building programs, as they don’t like losing market share to anyone.

- Mr. Bonds

Proteus’ Sea-class cargo submarines are a fine example of this breed of sub. They aren’t the biggest anymore—Wuxing took that title in 2079 when they launched the first in their T718 class vessels—but they are still very big for a sub.

Powered by a pair of small fusion reactors that power pump-jet type engines, the Sea-class is a surprisingly maneuverable class of vessel. When you consider their need to dock at underwater cargo terminals, as well as utilize normal port terminals as well, this becomes essential. A slight ding on the hull of a surface vessel is annoying (and will likely result in a severe reprimand), but the same on a submarine could be catastrophic. At best it reduces speed, and at worse it could kill everyone aboard.

The Sea-class is also unusual in that it has three separate and interconnected inner hulls, all made of modern materials that give this class a surprising maximum operational depth. The largest pressure hull is used to house containers and offers enough space for 2600 TEU of containerized cargo. It is also accessible from either the port-side cargo conveyors or through the clamshell dorsal cargo-access doors. This means the Sea-class can pass cargo containers down a conveyor out the port side—for instance, when docked with an aquacology—and load containers as a normal container ship would at a freight terminal. How they have managed to have such large sections of the pressure hull open and still maintain such an impressive operational depth is a mystery to many naval architects and

Proteus Sea-class cargo submarine (submarine)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 3/6 8 15/10 40/30 44 16 3 5 93 7 1,300,000,000¥

**Note:** The second set of attribute ranks are used when the submarine is surfaced; crush depth 1600m

**Standard Equipment:** Amenities (high), enhanced sensors, extreme environment modification (depth), living space (high) x 29, living space (middle) x 64, network sharing enhancement, passive stealth features, rigger adaptation, rigger cocoon
