---
id: DC-0294
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Marine Technologies Silent Hunter
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Marine Technologies Silent Hunter

(large submersible/surface drone)

Based on Marine Technologies’ Ahuitzotl manned submarine, the Silent Hunter is a submarine drone used for coastal patrol and maritime interdiction duties. Like its larger counterpart, the Silent Hunter features state-of-the-art acoustic baffling and masking systems that allow it to run completely silent or imitate any number of native sea creatures when operating at normal speed. When necessary, the Silent Hunter has retractable hydrofoils and aqua-jet engines that can propel it on the surface at speeds comparable to some race boats. For enemy detection, the Silent Hunter features one of the best underwater sensor arrays on the market. Combined with enhanced identification friend/foe (IFF) software, the Silent Hunter is known for being able to detect hostiles or intruders despite efforts to do things such as appearing like marine life. As far as offensive systems go, the Silent Hunter is somewhat limited, with only two standard and four micro torpedo launchers. It makes up for this with highly accurate targeting systems.

- It’s not meant to slug it out, it’s meant to sneak up on you and put the hurt up your hoop before you even know it was there. The Silent Hunter is a glass cannon—one good hit, and it crumbles. The trick is finding it first—those underwater stealth systems are no joke.

- Sounder



- The Aztlan Navy also likes to frag with the CAS Navy and Coast Guard with these every chance they get. The Azzies like to see how close they can get before getting firing solutions and then actively pinging the targeted CAS vessels, just to let them know. Slots the CAS skippers off something fierce—I’m surprised this hasn’t started a shooting war yet.

- Clockwork

- Unofficially, the CAS Navy in particular likes to hunt these hunters, even going so far as individual ships competing to see who can bag more of the pesky drones in a year, which in turn slots Aztlan off. But they can’t really do anything, as they’re technically invading CAS waters. As far as I know, the destroyer CSS Chattanooga has the current lead at sixteen.

- Kane

- Certified pain in the hoop, and not because of the weapon mix. Nope, when you see one or a few of these, it usually means the mothership can’t be too far behind, which is at least a cutter if not a full-fledged warship, typically a destroyer. You see one or more of these, finish your biz and get out quick. Or just get out quick.

- Kane

- I thought you were fearless. Now you’re running scared from some drones?

- Arete

- I didn’t live this long in this biz by being stupid. So tell you what, don’t tell me how to do piracy, I won’t tell you how to hold your magic wand, savvy?

- Kane
