---
id: DC-0064
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Toyota Ultra-Elite
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Toyota Ultra-Elite

As far as limos go, the Ultra-Elite (more commonly known simply as the “UE”) isn’t the most glamorous, even though it looks like someone took a street-racer and turned it into a limo. Inside, it’s relatively lacking in the luxury department and is considered almost utilitarian when compared to their Mitsubishi and Rolls-Royce competitors. Sure, it’s got the standard luxury amenities such as a full trid and SIM suite, wet bar, sat-uplink, and the like, but all that drek literally takes a back seat to the UE’s security features and performance. Popular with executive and VIP protection details, the midsized UE boasts some of the best security features and performance specs of any limo on the road. With excellent handling, acceleration, and heavy armor, the UE’s main feature is still the integrated security module built into the vehicle’s frame. In an emergency, the passenger compartment can be completely sealed and locked down in what Toyota calls “Panic Room Mode” (PRM), should the vehicle be rendered inoperable or immobile and under immediate threat. This module is completely air-tight, heat/cold resistant, and non-conductive, and it carries enough oxygen for a minimum of eight hours (for average-sized metahumans). An emergency PANICButton beacon is also automatically activated when PRM is engaged, and the module features SOTA Matrix firewalls to help prevent jamming and hacking. PRM can only be disengaged from the inside by the occupants, or by entering an encrypted access code with biometrics on the module’s hidden outer panel.

- It’s also popular with younger (heh) execs or those who want to seem young. Bit of an ego thing, but hey, this has the performance to back it up.

- Sounder

- My group uses the UE extensively, and PRM has helped us secure several clients. But while the module is tough, it’s not foolproof.

- Tough doesn’t do that module justice. I’ve seen footage of a UE getting shot up to the point where the front and rear of the limo was completely shredded off. Yet, the module took only superficial damage.

- Clockwork

- Not my finest hour, but last year my team and I went up against a UE in DeeCee and we got our hoops handed to us in the end. We took out the escorts easy enough but were barely able to catch up to the UE itself. And when we did, the UE’s rigger deliberately put it into the Potomac and then simply waited for a heavily escorted recovery team to fish them out. Never did get the principal.

- Stone

- That was you? Sorry chummer, but better luck next time.

- 0rkCE0
