---
id: DC-0030
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Military
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Military

Desert Wars is the perfect segue into the military, and if anyone is surprised that the military makes extensive use of riggers, then I suggest you crawl back into your hole and pull the earth back in over you. Everything I said for law enforcement, yes including prisons, goes for the military. But it’s so much more than that!

Almost all military vehicles use riggers, because in the heat of battle, even the most advanced dogbrains can’t be relied upon. There are exceptions, of course, as most vehicles in the rear echelons or on military bases can be trusted to run autonomously—even I would allow the dogbrain of my wagon to trundle along the road to an exercise area while on base—but once you get beyond the wire, you will almost never find an autonomous vehicle. Frag, I’d be shocked if the rigger controlling any military vehicle (beyond soft-skinned vehicles in a logistics caravan) weren’t physically present and jacked in.

We are now seeing the return of multi-rigger vehicles, so I expect the number of riggers in the military to drastically increase, as tanks and warships and bombers go back to similar crew complements and compositions they had before the wireless Matrix ruined our fun. It’ll be costly, as retrofitting or replacing vehicles is never a fast process, and implanting rigs into so many personnel will take a while. The Corporate Court smashing the cabal fixing the price of vehicle control rigs will help everyone, but it still won’t be quick.



It’s not just tanks, armored vehicles, warships (both surface and subsurface), aircraft, and even missiles that are rigged in the military; they also make extensive use of drones, taking off from land-based installations as well as land, sea, and airborne carriers, but we’re now seeing infantry making use of smaller drones at the squad and platoon level. And, as always, while a leg infantry platoon most likely won’t have a rigger as part of it, there will be riggers available to remotely assist should the situation warrant it.
