---
id: DC-0539
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: superficial damage
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## superficial damage

It is entirely possible a vehicle or drone gets attacked and comes through with no damage at all. This is mechanically represented as failing to evade a hit and coming up with more hits on the Damage Resistance test than the applied damage. While this results in zero performance degradation, it can result in superficial damage. This most commonly means paint scratches, bullet holes, crumpled fenders, or other types of dings and dents resulting in essentially no damage to the vehicle, other than making it look worse for wear.

For example, if a runner driving a GMC Bulldog gets shot at by a ganger with an Ares Crusader. The driver of the Bulldog does not get enough hits to evade the shot, but the body of the step van is more than enough to resist the damage. This results in sizable dents and paint dings but does not otherwise affect the Bulldog’s performance.

If the modified DV of the attack exceeds the armor value of the vehicle or drone yet still does no damage to it after the soak roll, the attack penetrates but does no damage, resulting in holes and other superficial damage to the vehicle.

While this kind of damage doesn’t affect how well the vehicle or drone operates, nor does it affect its passengers or cargo in any way, it makes the vehicle more recognizable, and may be cause for suspicion if seen in high security parts of the sprawl. This particular kind of damage, however, can be bad if the other side is using some kind of stealth tag (p. 268, SR6) technology.
