---
id: DC-0059
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Eurocar Northstar 2.0
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eurocar Northstar 2.0

Not content to have one of the best-performing sports cars on the market in the form of their Westwind, Eurocar decided to take that experience and engineering knowledge and create the Northstar, which is basically the Westwind in SUV form. Marketed as a luxury sport-SUV, everything about the Northstar screamed top-of-the line and posh. As such, Eurocar didn’t skimp on the amenities and performance specs. The Northstar’s only issue were reviews that said “protective measures were somewhat lacking,” which translates into “thin armor.” In response, Eurocar released the 2.0 in 2079 which (somewhat) corrects the armor issue. The Northstar 2.0 is one of those vehicles that, despite being posh, has the performance chops to back it up. It can transfer from paved roadways to off-road with little drop in performance and has a top speed that gives some road-racers a run for their nuyen. And it does this while being extremely roomy and comfortable. No drek, the 2.0 seats four comfortably in bucket seats both front and back, instead of having some cramped rear bench that tries to be proper seating. Although the storage compartment in back has a folding bench seat if you really need that extra bit of seating—just don’t expect to be able to exit the vehicle quickly from there.

- This is another ride my company and I like to use. Most of our clients love the amenities, and an SUV is a better choice when traveling in areas where a limo just isn’t feasible. The armor complaint was mainly from professionals like me who were getting sick of constantly having to retrofit our Northstars with more armor and then mod the engine to compensate for the additional weight. In this regard, the 2.0 overall saves users (like me) a nice chunk of nuyen and is a solid performer right off the lot.

- **>** 0rkCE0

- It’s also popular with upper-management types in Europe who think that taking their Northstar down a country road is the same as serious off-roading but can’t stand the idea of anything but leather seats, air conditioning, and the mini wet bar.

- Mr. Bonds
