---
id: DC-0179
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Submarines
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Submarines

The first submarines were attempts by the Americans to sink British ships by drilling holes in them from beneath. These initial forays did not go well, but the idea has stuck with metahumanity ever since; for more than two centuries, we have tried to use the covert nature of being submerged in clever and inventive ways.

In the Sixth World, a submarine is a very complex vessel. Able to remain submerged, and therefore largely undetectable, for weeks or months at a time, submarines can operate without support vessels as the need arises. Submarines are always “dry,” and so contain an inner and outer hull. The inner hull is made of plasteel, titanium, or good old-fashioned steel, and it is pressurized to one atmosphere to enable the crew to function. The outer hull provides the shape of the vessel, and thus determines how streamlined the vessel is, which impacts the acoustic signature, speed, and range of the vessel.

Almost all submarines are powered by electrically driven pump-jets, as these have proven to be the most effective type of propulsion unit. Due to their size, most submarines can house a nuclear reactor of some kind (either fission or fusion) to generate power, though the smaller submarines use diesel generators to charge their batteries. Submarines also generate their own water and air, and they have abundant of power. Their range is limited by the volume of space for food supplies, which limits how long the vessel can stay away from any possibility of re-supplies. And the willingness of the crews to remain submerged of course.

Modern submarines utilize the same automation technology that can be found in surface vessels, so the crew of even the most complex military submarine is much smaller than older designs. We are not at the stage where a full hunter-killer military sub can be staffed by a couple dozen crew, yet, but we aren’t far off.
