---
id: DC-0068
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Ford Dasher/Interceptor
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ford Dasher/Interceptor

Marketed as a “high-performance law-enforcement and security patrol vehicle,” the Ford Dasher/ Interceptor is basically an attempt by the powersthat-be to beat shadowrunners (specifically riggers) at their own game by stacking the deck in their favor. Starting with the civilian Ford Dasher, while already an exemplary street machine, they reinforced the chassis, dropped in a supercharged V-12 engine for power, and then added a transmission and braking system rated for professional race cars. Top it all off with a control rig, roof weapon mount, and small drone rack standard, and you’ve got something that, in the right hands, can pose a major threat to any rigger or runner unlucky enough to come across it.

- This thing by itself isn’t a threat. Thing is, the Star, KE, and other sec-providers don’t come at you one-on-one; they always have backup. So don’t get cocky if you go up against these things.

- **>** Clockwork

- While the Dasher Interceptor is nova-hot, it’s expensive, and most sec-providers still have to consider their bottom line. Don’t expect to see a lot of these doing general patrol. They’ll be held in reserve for when they’re really needed. And they’re often driven by the best.

- Turbo Bunny

- There’s also a massive backorder on the Interceptors, so unless you got the nuyen or clout, you’re not going to get yours anytime soon.

- Mr. Bonds

- Still, the basic Dasher is readily available and is an exceptional vehicle. Adding all the modifications and components that bring it up to Interceptor specs isn’t that difficult, or as expensive, because you don’t have the massive dealer markup.

- Rigger X

Ford Dasher Interceptor (security patrol car)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2/3 24 28 240 12 8 3 4 4 4 32,000¥ **Standard Equipment:** Standard weapon mount, push bar (DV 4P 8/-/-/-/-)


Ford Dasher (sports car)


workhorse of a vehicle, capable of performing a wide variety of tasks in harsh environments with only a few minor modifications.

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 3/4 20 22 210 10 6 2 4 4 3 28,000¥
