---
id: DC-0062
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Saab Javelin 878TI/ Gladius 998TI
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saab Javelin 878TI/ Gladius 998TI

For decades, when one thought of high-performance supercars, chances are they thought — and are still thinking — about Saab. Sorry, Eurocar and Ferrari, but the truth hurts. Up until about five years ago, the Saab car that was synonymous with raw speed was the Dynamit 778TI, which dominated the highways until the Gladius 998TI came out, then _that_ became the speed demon to beat. The problem with the Gladius is that while it has the goods, it also has the price tag that goes along with such performance and features. They’re still selling like mad, but someone at Saab realized they could sell even more cars if they had something more affordable to offer. So Saab re-tooled the old Dynamit production lines and introduced a slightly more budget-friendly offering. Dubbed the Javelin 878TI, it’s based on earlier design concepts and specs that eventually became the Gladius. The Javelin has roughly similar performance specs (but not the same top speed), and won’t quite break the bank like the Gladius will (although it’s still priced way above most comparably sized cars). And while the Gladius is still a straight-out speed machine with the fastest current top speed of any production car in the world, the Javelin is more about control and taking tighter turns.

- At first, critics decried the Javelin as a “poor man’s version” of the Gladius, but in reality they’re for different kinds of drivers, particularly racers. The Gladius is great on straightaways, while the Javelin is insanely nimble and meant more for tight cornering. And in the shadows, it’s a toss-up on which feature tends to be more valuable.

- Turbo Bunny

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2/6 22 30 260 6 4 4 4 2 3 125,000¥ **Standard Equipment:** Rigger adaptation
