---
id: DC-0298
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Yamatetsu Naval Technologies Deep Six - (large submersible drone)
page: 116
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Yamatetsu Naval Technologies Deep Six

## (large submersible drone)

Designed in the early ’60s when Evo was still Yamatetsu, the Deep Six was originally an inhouse drone design that was used exclusively by YNT for maritime construction, repair, and deep rescue/recovery operations. This continued for several more years, even after the Yamatetsu to Evo corporate conversion when YNT became just another subsidiary. By early 2075, YNT started offering shared license deals to corporations such as Wuxing, Maersk, and Proteus, all of which had massive maritime interests. When none of them accepted the deal, Evo decided to sell the Deep Six on the open market, where it sold surprisingly well, with Maersk and Proteus buying several units. The Deep Six began its life as a manned deep-submersible vehicle, but with the introduction of wireless and VR/AR controls, it was quickly converted into a drone. The Deep Six’s basic shape is an inverted L. The front of the drone houses numerous sensors and imaging arrays with a main sensor dome on the top, as well as four utility arms equipped with modular hand-points, where a variety of tools can be mounted. A heavy grappling claw on the back is used for attaching to wrecked hulls to lock it into position, for grabbing large pieces of lost equipment or scrap, and other such tasks. Under the heavy claw assembly in the back and at the



bottom of the drone’s base in the front are directional underwater turbo-jets that propel the drone. Its frame and outer hull are reinforced, allowing the drone to withstand crushing depths that would kill most metahumans. Because its main purpose is recovery and construction, the Deep Six is also extremely slow and lumbering. While not an issue for its intended role, the Deep Six makes a poor combat drone. Because they’re common in ports around the world, however, Deep Sixes are often used in a passive security capacity, their enhanced sensors just as good at detecting intruders as they are searching the ocean floor.

- Not meant for frontal combat, sure, but they can do a lot of damage to a vessel if given the opportunity. About four—no, five years ago, I was part of a multi-boat job. Without going into details, we were to make sure that our boarding teams could extract after acquiring the target. A Deep Six actually got hold of one of the other Nightrunners and cut the hull open like a cheap soysteak. Another of our boats got capsized too. One almost got me, but luckily I had a depth charge ready to go; damn things had some kind of stealth system. But it just goes to show, don’t underestimate anything.

- Sounder

- That’s because those damn things can stay silent on the bottom for long periods of time, pressure be damned. Then all they have to do is just slowly empty their ballast tanks and quietly float back up to the surface, relying on nothing but image-recognition software. Bet that’s how they almost got ya.

- Kane


## Yamatetsu Naval Technologies Deep Six (large submersible drone)

**==> picture [210 x 23] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>4 5 10 20 18 12 3 3 — 3 15,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Standard Equipment:** Enhanced winch, huge mechanical arms (x4, Strength 11), increased structural integrity 9, recovery claw (Strength 6)
