---
id: DC-0189
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Aztechnology Aguilar - (Rotorcraft)
page: 70
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology Aguilar

## (Rotorcraft)

No one sticks around when I roll in with the Aguilar. Whether on the base model or one of the upgrades, I remember watching the radar as other aircraft turn tail and run. Ground forces skittered for cover, and I always got a good chuckle when they’d try to lock on with shoulder-fired missile systems. I could handle ground forces, other rotor craft, and tilt-wings, and I even sent most ground strike fighters veering off course to avoid the pile of weapons I could carry.

I had speed and firepower in this big attack helo, though it was occasionally traded for armor and a bunch of boots on the ground in the 3AT model. I could still lay a patch of earth bare with the ordnance we carried in order to plant my meat cargo, but it wasn’t ever necessary. Our silhouettes scattered the opposition so often the troops I hauled hated riding in with Aguilars in the fleet. Never left them any fun.

Times have left scores of these in private hands, though their weapon systems are supposed to be disengaged. Most are just for show, but morally misguided rich folk rarely listen to their better angels and re-arm the Aguilar for ridiculous target practice or just to blow stuff up in the middle of nowhere. I get pretty regular instruction gigs to teach flight controls, and I usually need to bring in a few techs to do the arming or handle a little maintenance to make sure they’re ready to fly.

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- Most of these are seen in the forces of Aztlan or Aztechnology. They bulked up their numbers for the Az-Am war and the expectation of a Dragon Civil War and then didn’t lose near as many as they expected in either. They’re sitting on extras, and everyone is waiting to see what they decide to throw them at. Most money is on Denver, but Ghostwalker’s moves to solidify his position makes that an increasingly futile effort with each passing day.

- Pyramid Watcher


## Aztechnology Aguilar (rotorcraft)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 3 40 70 600 14 12 4 4 2 4 465,000¥ **Standard Upgrades:** Hardpoints (2 large, 2 standard)
