---
id: DC-0063
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Toyota Daytripper
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Toyota Daytripper

Based on the Toyota Talon, this unassuming SUV is popular with the suburban crowd as a sort of status symbol of middle-to-upper-class success (heh). Boxy with a low ceiling, the Daytripper tries to be a family-friendly vehicle while offering at least some sports-car-like style and is unremarkable yet adequate in all regards. It’s the kind of vehicle in use all over the world—the kind that easily disappears into traffic. The Daytripper has also fixed the navigational software and customization bugs that plagued Toyota’s Talon. For runners, the Daytripper is a good candidate for use as a sleeper car for shadow work. And while it’s completely bland compared to other vehicles of its kind, it comes with one major selling point: the Daytripper features a custom survival system designed to protect the occupants in case of a crash. All seats and restraints provide extra protection, while the main passenger areas feature a reinforced, integrated crash cage. It also comes with an optional Protecto-Foam™ injury-prevention system that fills the cabin, providing further passenger protection during a crash. This in particular is why the Daytripper is popular with families.

- And don’t forget that the Daytripper is relatively cheap. I once used a Daytripper during a job where I purposely caused an accident. I will say the cage works as advertised, but I took out the foam. You won’t suffocate (although I hope you’re not claustrophobic), but it traps you in the vehicle. Either disable the system beforehand or don’t get it at all.

- Balladeer



- The bugs in the software may have been fixed, but the firewall wasn’t buffed. I once trapped a target in their Daytripper by hacking the onboard system and activating the foam system. Only downside was that the foam is hard to clean off and gets **everywhere** .

- Pistons

Know your equipment’s limitations. Like any other system, it can be hacked, although you need a direct physical link to unlock the doors. Still, with enough time, the module (like everything else) can be cracked. So make sure you have contingency plans in place, because if it’s gotten this far, then things are already royally fragged.

- 0rkCE0

Toyota Daytripper (SUV)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 4/4 10 22 180 12 6 2 2 6 2 20,000¥

**Standard Equipment:** Integrated crash cage and Protecto-Foam system. **Note:** Crash cage grants driver and passengers +2 on DR. Protecto-Foam grants +2 for damage resistance (rigger cocoon negates this).
