---
id: DC-0096
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: BAE Centurion II MBT
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BAE Centurion II MBT

Considered one of the prime main battle tanks fielded in the last thirty years, the original Centurion-class was the primary MBT of most European mechanized units and was eventually exported via a licensing agreement with Ares. But BAE knew they were already facing stiff competition, especially when designs such as the CAS’ Jefferson Davis (and shortly thereafter MacArthur) MBTs were about to replace the older (yet still lethal) Stonewall tanks. So, to remain competitive, BAE began an upgrade/development initiative and by 2077 began rolling out the new Centurion II. The end result took what worked for the original and made it better. Like its predecessor, the Centurion II is a design that fulfills several roles on a modern battlefield, such as command and control for drones, frontline assault, direct fire support, and infantry support/elimination. To accomplish these, the Centurion II comes with multiple weapon hardpoints, three small drone racks, and heavy armor. The main armored turret houses the main weapon, typically a heavy gun or cannon. The main weapon is typically backed up by either mini-gun or heavy machine gun. Additional hardpoints are typically taken up by anti-tank or infantry missiles/rockets or anti-missile munitions.

- The Centurion is a generalist vehicle, able to do several things well but excelling at nothing. While versatility is a positive factor, the Centurion II’s armor, speed, and range are merely adequate for most of its mission profiles. For example, in a straight up, one-on-one engagement, the Centurion is easily outclassed by designs with better armor, speed, firepower, or a combination of some of those elements.

- Rigger X

- That is why Centurions rarely engage opponents in such a way. Competent Centurion commanders know how to run their machines. Most mechanized units fielding Centurions use their drones for detection and artillery spotting, often using

indirect fire or ambush tactics whenever possible. Or they’ll be supported by fast attack vehicles and drones, such as BAE’s Ajax. When they directly engage, they will simply gang up on a target until it is gone.

**>** Picador

- It’s also good tactical doctrine to never face an equal or superior enemy head on or in a fair fight. Cheat whenever possible.

- Kane

BAE Centurion II (main battle tank)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 5/5 20 30 150 24 20 3 3 3 8 2,000,000¥

**Standard Equipment:** Drone rack (medium, aerial, x3), heavy weapon mount, standard weapon mount (x2), rigger adaptation, rigger cocoon, sat-link.
