---
id: DC-0199
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: (VTOL)
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## (VTOL)

No matter what newfangled flash-in-the-pan money grab aircraft comes along, I’m standing by my classic DocWagon custom-modded Osprey II. They may have just modified the existing designs to meet their specific needs for rapid-response rescue units, but that’s why I stick with ’em. If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.

I don’t care about the early records on these models. Sure, we lost a lot of them, but we didn’t have the training and tactics we do now. There’s a learning curve, and now we’re at the top with the Osprey II. Other DW response craft are still working out the kinks, and this new tech I’m hearing rumors of sounds more like a publicity stunt than an operational advancement.

The DW Osprey II sports all the great innovations of its base namesake but has a decade plus of customization and innovation for fast response and recovery units. Integrated Valkyrie pods, multitiered medical stations, and integrated storage designs allow for maximum internal efficiency rather than slapped-on additions. Past mission results have sent engineers back to the AR blueprints to reinforce weak points, reshape fuselage panels for easy access, and redesign exit points to enhance protection during deployment.

I’m proud to be an Osprey jockey, and I’ll keep taking my transfers in order to keep safe with this legendary craft.

- Ha ha, transfers! This guy probably started in the heart of Seattle’s sprawl and now operates out of the East African dispatch terminal in Korogwe. The Ospreys keep getting consolidated and shipped to less and less eventful zones.

- **>** Kane
