---
id: DC-0465
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: BUILD YOUR DREAM
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BUILD YOUR DREAM

**>** One of the first things I learned about life is that one size does not fit all. No matter how good something may be, there’ll always be something about it that someone wants to change. Maybe they want to make it better or more to their personal liking. Hey, happens all the time. We tailor our clothing to match our own personal style, get gear that fits our specific needs, and customize our weapons—or in my case rides—to squeak out that last little bit of performance because … well, because some of us are simply like that, and that’s how we roll in this life. But then there are some crazy m-f’ers who take that idea even further. Modding something isn’t enough for them—no these frag-faces have to take it to the next level and make their own drek because what the man is trying to push on them just ain’t good enough. So they say, “frag this, I’ll do it myself. Now, I’ve had a long history with my chummers at The Garage in Detroit, (or Motor City for those who prefer). And believe me when I say I’ve seen (and helped) them create a drek-ton of some truly insane road-machines over the years and given KE some monumental headaches with our “road tests.” So when Glitch asked me to help with a file about building custom rides, I knew

I was a bit over my head. Hey, I’m good, but not that good and, well, I got this run coming up so … okay, skip that. But … I knew just the collection of riggers, techs, and gear-heads to go to for this. Getting this party started is my omae Gearz, one of best gear-head tech-geniuses The Garage has ever produced. Trust me when I say that he’s forgotten more about engineering and design that I could hope to learn in ten lifetimes. Just keep him away from the kaf—we need his mind focused and not trying to inventory the entire junk yard again. **>** Turbo Bunny
