---
id: DC-0151
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Cutty Sark II
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cutty Sark II

This sailing work of art is a thing to behold! She clips through the waves like the majestic supermodel she is, making everything seem effortless.

There is bound to be one or two readers who have heard of this beauty or of the original. The Cutty Sark is a historic tea clipper—that’s a type of sailing ship, for those not up to date on their nautical history—that is housed in Greenwich in London, and she’s a thing of beauty. The pinnacle of nautical engineering of her day, she was made to sail around the world faster than any other vessel to bring tea and other cargo from the far-flung reaches of the British empire back to the homeland. The Cutty Sark is a piece of history, and that she is still afloat and can be touched and experienced almost two hundred years after she was built is a wonder.

The Cutty Sark II is an exact replica of the original, constructed using skills, processes, and materials as authentic as the project team could manage. She was built by a corporate sponsors group formed from multiple universities and vocational education establishments, and now she is used as a living floating museum. True to her ancestor, Cutty Sark II has a permanent crew that sail her around the world, making port visits and even carrying legitimate cargo, which is then offloaded using era-appropriate means.

The drive to remain as authentic as possible means the Cutty Sark II doesn’t have any modern electronics. No Matrix icon, no sensors, and certainly no dogbrain. No means of propulsion save the wind.

- I heard a pirate crew tried to seize the Cutty Sark II a few years ago. They managed to get onboard fine, but the crew are almost all salty sea dogs—meaning augmented to the max and tough as old boots—who know their way around a sailing ship.
