---
id: DC-0212
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GTI Devout - (GravDrive)
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GTI Devout

## (GravDrive)

If you’ve heard any of the reports coming out of Azania about UFOs and flying saucers, you’re either big into the Monad-alien link conspiracy or you know folks who have caught a glimpse of the Devout in its development and testing phases. The design plan behind the new next-generation (well, maybe “new era” is a better term) fighter aircraft is interesting and changes the principles of previous jets still stuck in thrust and dogfight design styles. The Devout is an inner pod and an outer ring, and rather than looking at all forward-firing systems, the ring is armed across all 360 degrees. There’s no safe angle of approach in a dogfight, no limits on her directions of fire in a sweep, and with a flight system that doesn’t need traditional lift. It can’t even be dived on safely, as it can roll into a flying wheel and fire vertically with no altitude loss.

I was excited to get to fly and test this future fighter, but it’s a terrifying shift for me as a sky jockey. This thing, produced in bulk, will make every other modern fighter plane obsolete overnight. I love being at the forefront of this new era of fighter jocks, but plenty of the old timers are going to fight this “missile and minigun.” The craft itself is a bit boring at the moment, style-wise, but I’m

sure the lack of a need for normal flight controls means these craft are going to have some new and interesting designs. As far as the arms race goes, I cannot imagine what that is going to look like. If GTI can get connections to these new laser weapon firms, like rEVOlution Arms, the battles in the skies will be a whole new game.

- GTI has a bullseye on it. Every miltech firm will be sending runners on datasteals for the tech and sabotage runs against their production facilities to keep these from getting off the ground.

- Hard Exit

- Isn’t GTI an Evo subsid? I know the little blurb doesn’t mention it, but that’s standard these days with Evo slipping back behind the curtain due to the rep hit they took with the Monad thing.

- Bounder


## gti devout (gravdrive)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2 180 800 6,000 14 14 5 4 2 9 23,000,000¥

**Standard Upgrades:** Ceramic plate armor, hardpoints (4 standard, 4 large), life safety system (2), rigger interface
