---
id: DC-0172
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: crush depth
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## crush depth

Metahumans in general need air, which means both dry submersibles and submarines are in essence a bubble of air within a manufactured shell, often called a pressure (or inner) hull. As such, should the pressure exerted by the water surrounding the inner hull exceed its structural limits, it will be crushed like a soda can. Death is somewhat painless, except for the tortuous period leading up to exceeding crush depth. No amount of burnt Edge can bring someone back from this fate.

Any vessel that exceeds crush depth must resist 10P damage every combat round, doubling for every 10 meters beyond crush depth said vessel happens to be.

The basic model is just a battery, a motor, handlebars, and oodles of fun! They are dirt cheap and easy to come by; every store I’ve ever found selling scuba gear has a few of these for sale. They’re great for a whole host of uses.

The sport model is larger—almost twice as long as the basic model—and much faster, with greater acceleration to boot. It will not outrun a powerboat, or most motorboats, but it might outrun a small shark. It will also feed that need for speed and exhilaration. The downside is these are louder, which isn’t usually a problem, unless you are using them for the infiltration phase of a job.



The hunter model is also larger than the basic model, sitting between it and the sport model in terms of length. For that additional size, you get a much quieter motor and screw, along with a spot to attach a speargun. Intended for spear fishermen who need the extra speed a DPV provides while remaining covert.

| Basic AquaDyne | Basic AquaDyne           | Basic AquaDyne                                      | DPV           | (wet submersible) | (wet submersible) | (wet submersible) | (wet submersible) | (wet submersible) | (wet submersible) |
| -------------- | ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| **HAND**<br>2  | **ACC**<br>3             | **SPD**<br>**INT**<br>**TOP**<br>**SPD**<br>5<br>10 | **BODY**<br>4 | **ARM**<br>2      | **PILOT**<br>—    | **SENS**<br>—     | **SEAT**<br>1     | **AVAIL**<br>1    | **COST**<br>500¥  |
| **Note:**      | Battery capacity 6 hours |                                                     |               |                   |                   |                   |                   |                   |                   |
