---
id: DC-0162
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: "> Fuck! That thing will be a monster if that\u2019s true! > Picador"
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Fuck! That thing will be a monster if that’s true! **>** Picador

The reason the Ranger class is commonly referred to as a battlecruiser is because of the evolved power plant. Each Ranger class has two miniature nuclear fusion cores, each capable of providing all of the power needs of the ship, from electronics to propulsion and everything in between. The comparative light weight and smaller space of these cores, combined with the quartet of impeller pods for primary drive and allegedly eight thrusters to improve turn rates, is what allows the Ranger class to achieve a very respectable top speed of 45 knots (84 km/h). This might not seem much when compared to groundcraft, but trust me, something this large going that fast on water will make your sphincter flutter even when jumped in!

It has been very hard to get proper imagery of the Ranger, as she is equipped with impressive passive stealth features even at this early stage, but the press releases show a very long, thin, and squat ship. The Ranger class is supposedly small enough to fit in the second phase locks of the Panama Canal, the so-called Neopanamax standard, whichwould make her roughly 400 meters long and 30 meters wide, with a draft of no more than 18 meters. Her superstructure is also very low, and if my calculations are correct, it will afford the second forward gun turrets three-hundred-and-sixty-degree rotation. We will have to wait until the turrets are fitted to be sure, but that is my gut feeling.

Thanks to modern automation and drone-control systems, the final crew compliment of the USS Ranger is almost impossible to guess. I have heard that the current crew for the sea trials is twenty-seven officers and 210 crew, plus another fifty or so engineers and managers from the shipyard. I would imagine once the weapon systems are fitted, this will double. If I’m right, we will be looking at a final compliment of fifty-five officers and 450 crew, plus however many personnel the UCAS Navy ends up adding for the embarked aircraft. When you consider what this class of warship can do, that seems utterly insane!

- I heard of several corporate and national military teams, both shadowrunner teams and their own, that have tried to get aboard the Ranger and examine/sabotage her. If what I’m hearing is correct, none have gotten off that ship.

- Fianchetto
