---
id: DC-0209
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GTI Benevolent/ Malevolent Rapid Response Rescue Vehicle - Benevolent (gravdrive)
page: 77
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GTI Benevolent/ Malevolent Rapid Response Rescue Vehicle

## Benevolent (gravdrive)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2 40 200 1,000 18 10 5 3 2/12 9 7,500,000¥

**Standard Upgrades:** Hardpoints (6 standard), life safety system (2), rigger interface, 2 Valkyrie modules, winch

The Raphael is the ambulance version. The Azrael is the HTR support model. Both versions are built on the same highly angular frame, with the Raphael sporting rounded accents for armor, fuel, and medical supply storage. The Azrael maintains the angles with weapons, armor, and countermeasure tech. From afar, you can’t tell what’s coming in, and by the time you can, it’s either too late and the Azrael is about to get malevolent on your hoop, or it’s the divine benevolence of the Raphael and you’re saved.

Inside, all the control systems are fully rigged and every crew has a security decker on board to keep them safe. Plus, there are no manual flight-control systems. Technology is its greatest weakness, but they back it up in spades. Otherwise, on the inside it resembles a fairly standard aircraft/ambulance/personnel transport, though a bit roomier than several similarly sized models on the market.

- It’s not even a competition to compare these things in flight to a copter or LAV. They can literally rotate mid-flight to change direction or fire weapons. They are definitely set to be a global game changer.

- Sparks

malevolent (gravdrive)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2 50 250 1,000 16 16 5 3 2/12 9 7,500,000¥ **Standard Upgrades:** Ceramic plate armor, ejection seat, hardpoints (2 large, 2 standard), life safety system (2), rigger interface

- You mean a prime corp zone game changer. All the old craft will get dumped over the other 99 percent of the planet while the rich get treated to flying turbulence-free in the lap of luxury.

- **>** Butch

- Once these things make it into Desert Wars, I might go back to watching regularly.

- Slamm-0!

- Keep an eye out for Space Race and Star Wars. I caught a data file on a PR datastore for pitch campaigns. Once they get a little tech boost, the plan is to make entertainment money off the designs. Didn’t make much sense until I saw all these gravity drive things.

- /dev/grrl

- We’re living in the future! Thank you, Monads, for pushing us out of stagnation.

- Nomad



**==> picture [535 x 366] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
GTI Devotee Mk.1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
