---
id: DC-0223
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: MesserschmittKawasaki Sperber - (Rotorcraft)
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## MesserschmittKawasaki Sperber

## (Rotorcraft)

I dig when the older stuff that was, at one point, out of the reach of a regular old rigger like me gets a few years on it and becomes available secondhand. I had a bit of repair work to do, and I added some upgrades, but the number of these that are going private, especially in and around Japan, means others might get to experience the joy of the Sperber. So I might as well sell my love for her.

Despite the early discount sales, they were never a cheap option. Made tough and easy to arm

for a variety of purposes, the early mandatory maintenance contracts are what kept these in good enough shape to survive the test of time. Others have come along since in the same market, but the Sperber held on as a purpose-built tactical rotorcraft. It wasn’t modded to fight—it was built for it.

Nowadays, these are found all over the globe, especially in hotzones. Small merc operations, local militias, terrorist outfits, and a few small security corps have been pulling together Sperbers in order to build small air wings. Saeder-Krupp is still making nuyen from spare parts manufacturing. Ares still has a lot of trained techs out there getting work on repairs. The Japanese Imperial State has been able to sell these off and replace them with upgrades with a minimal payout for the difference. I appreciate that one of my favorite craft is still getting corporate support and could stick around much longer.

- Great to hear regular folk glowing over corporate support. **Not** ! It helps me see just how blind the people of the world are. This guy is happy to have his pet helicopter supported by corps while he’s living his life with their boot on his throat and the illusion of freedom.

- FreeFlight

- Stick to talking about the aircraft and not babbling about politics.

- Belltender

- The Sperber is a common problem for runners operating in remote locations, especially ones that have local warlords or paramilitary. Usually they’re defending a target we need to get to.

- Rigger X

Messerschmitt-Kawasaki Sperber (rotorcraft)

**==> picture [210 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>4 25 50 400 16 8 2 3 2 3 400,000¥<br>Standard Upgrades: Hardpoints (2 standard)<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
