---
id: DC-0072
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Jeep Trailblazer
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jeep Trailblazer

For almost a century and a half now, the Jeep brand has been synonymous with the term “offroad.” And that legacy continues with the Jeep Trailblazer. The successor to the popular Wrangler of the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries, it’s as close to the perfect balance of on- and off-road capability as one can get in a stock production vehicle. The Trailblazer has a well-deserved reputation for being rugged, reliable, and even stylish. Like its forerunner, the Trailblazer’s doors and roof are removable for that “wind in your hair while going down the highway or back road” experience. Additionally, the Trailblazer has a front-folding windscreen—a holdover feature from the old Wrangler line. Because of these qualities, the Trailblazer is extremely popular in both civilian and professional markets. It’s not uncommon for Trailblazers to be seen working as military or security vehicles with only a few minor aftermarket modifications. Yes, it is _that_ good.

- Sorry for sounding like a corporate shill, but the Trailblazer is one of my favorite rides out there. With a few quick add-ons, I can adapt them for all sorts of uses when I don’t have time for more extensive mods. That’s why I keep at least two in my garage, just for emergencies.

- Johnny Redline

- Nice and all, but they use this thing in the military? Not an expert, but it seems a bit … weak for combat.

- Treadle



- Not all military/paramilitary jobs are frontline combat roles. Most often, you’ll see the Jeep providing support or logistics, usually (but not always) on base. One popular role is as an emergency medical transport. Put that front windshield down, take off the top and doors, and you can now load up several stretchers with wounded and get them to the nearest aid station, MASH unit, or simply away from the frontline.

- Picador

- They’re also popular with security forces that have to patrol both rural areas with rugged terrain and urban areas because they can go just about anywhere in any weather condition. The fact that they’re cost-effective doesn’t hurt the bean-counter’s feelings either.

- Mika
