---
id: DC-0218
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Hughes WK-6 Clydesdale - (VTOL)
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hughes WK-6 Clydesdale

## (VTOL)

- Integrating some older weapons systems into these things has not been perfect, and many of the same glitches still pop up. The thing uses a directed field in opposition of gravity that not only affects the Revolution but any projectiles coming from the LAV. Engineers have tried to narrow the field away from these systems to limit interference, but I’ve seen some of the field testing where rockets and cannon rounds make some weird moves coming out the barrel or mount.

- Bounder

- From what I’ve seen of GTI’s sales plan, they’re keeping these things away from the military assault side and marketing them as fast transports along with armored courier service duties for high-end corp resources. Armored trucks and caravans can only get you so far, but these things can take you to pretty much any doorstep on the planet.

- Sunshine

- Funny you say “on the planet,” as the only real limitations on one of these things defying gravity right up the well is the lack of a sealed and insulated interior. It’s not designed for space travel, yet it doesn’t have to deal with any of the issues common with going to space such as a flight ceiling or minimum thrust to beat gravity. Sure, the thing gets a little sluggish, but there’s a lot of space up there to avoid prying eyes.

- Orbital DK

- The big limiting factor is power. This thing may not have huge engines, but the batteries take up quite a chunk of space, and these are the most advanced energy storage units they’ve come

It’s newer on the scene than some of these old lovelies, but you have to appreciate innovation in a unique way that should have long ago been a decent standard. Last century, we learned that lifting helicopter designs had to go one of two ways: You either make your rotor blades massive, or you increase the number of rotors. Front-back styles were the evolutionary step to tilt rotors and their double props, but the WK-6 said if two is good, why not go with six?

Yup, that thing you’ve seen hoisting massive cargo loads for those new construction projects around St. Louis are the WK-6s. The body took some style cues from the Stallion but bulked it up in the right frame points to set six rotors in an hourglass. The “body” you see is modular, and most of the Clydesdales ditch it when they’re lifting or use it to haul up live cargo and their tools. That’s the part that has made me really dig flying this new powerhouse in the construction sector. It’s like being a crane operator but actually getting to socialize with the rest of the crew as you move them up and down around the site. The body module opens right into the cockpit, and I always keep that door open. I usually even bring guys up front, since the cockpit area is designed for four, in case you’re working rurally and you need a spot for the decker, load rigger, and crew chief to sit. In the city, they’d be in offices somewhere else, but out in the boonies they’d usually rather be hanging in the helo.



Flying-wise, it’s what you’d expect: she’s not fast, but she can lift like nothing else. She’s agile, though. The hex rotor system can vary power at every rotor for some precision placement. I once threaded a drop line with a ten-centimeter weight ball through a twelve-centimeter hole without touching the sides through a meter of solid ferrocrete. It was a demo for some buyers, but it wasn’t some practiced or pre-programmed maneuver. The stick is that sensitive when you swap modes.

- Hughes has put a lot of R&D nuyen into making this beast fly, and the success it has had across its construction contracts is gaining attention from several of the Big Ten. Money is pouring into the shadows to get the programming data and schematics for this workhorse.

- St. Louis Blue

- St. Louis is a hotbed for industrial espionage targeting the Clydesdale, because so many of them have come to the city for reconstruction and supply runs into areas still dealing with the aftereffects of the blackouts.

- Mississippi Queen


## Hughes WK-6 Clydesdale (vtol)

| **HAND ACC**<br>2<br>15 | **SPD**<br>**INT**<br>**TOP**<br>**SPD**<br>\*\*BODY ARM PILOT SENS \*\*<br>30<br>300<br>18<br>12<br>3<br>3 | \*\*SEAT \*\*<br>4/20 | **AVAIL**<br>3 | **COST**<br>1,450,000¥ |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- | -------------- | ---------------------- |
| **Standard**            | \*\*Upgrades:\*\*Rigger interface, winch                                                                    |                       |                |                        |
