---
id: DC-0114
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: 'ANGRY WATERS - Posted by: Bubbles'
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ANGRY WATERS

## Posted by: Bubbles

- When I put feelers out for this article, I figured I’d tap our usual experts—Sounder and Kane. But a new name cropped up time and again, so I reached out. Aside from the black eye I got for chuckling at her handle, I’m glad I did! Bubbles has been driving ships and subs since before she would walk. Her credentials are solid—she’s a freelance helmsman/bosun and a specialist in underwater ops.

- Glitch

- I’ve work with, and against, Bubbles several times; I even tried to hire her permanently. She’s one of the best helms I’ve ever met, and someone who gets hired for the hardest jobs and longest cruises. She’s also afflicted with landsickness, which I found out the hard (and smelly) way.

- Kane

The sea was once our home. It nurtured life until life was ready to move to the land, but the sea is still vital. Sure, we have huge cargo planes and even bigger zeps, and all the things people insist on using on dry land. But what matters, what makes the global economy (and shadow economy) tick, is the sea. Maritime trade makes the world tick, and it’s damn fun to just sail on the open water.

In the shadows, that’s truer still. Not only do we benefit from all the trade itself, but we also get hired to hit ships at sea, and make use of all sorts of aquatic vessels (and run against them, too). Many runners, in my experience, don’t have the specialized skills and equipment to handle true aquatic ops. Those who can handle it find themselves in a niche market where the pay is usually higher to reflect the scarcity of talent.

In light of that, I’ve included some craft you folks are likely to use, as well as some things you might occasionally run up against. Because knowing is half the battle.



Mitsubishi Waterbug/Waveskipper
