---
id: DC-0192
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Cessna AirRider - (Fixed Wing, Glider)
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cessna AirRider

## (Fixed Wing, Glider)

Having an engine does not always make you the best aircraft around. I personally get a ton of use out of my AirRider glider. It’s a sweet little single seater that can glide on thermals indefinitely with a good pilot. She has zero thermal signature and barely shows on radar with just her regular comRAREposites. Hauling too much metal can be a problem, but that’s a lot of metal.

The most common use is smuggling high-value, lightweight items, but I have heard of others who port human cargo by loading one in each and putting a specialized pilot program in a remote system. The metal for the control systems makes it risky for radar, but the best thermal locations are usually off the beaten path.

- These are also great because they’re recreational in most places. They don’t stick out. With the proper dress and a decent story, you can “accidentally” land in the wrong place.

The biggest struggle for these gliders is getting up in the air to start. They need to be towed, though most of the craft capable of towing them don’t gain lift as quickly as the glider, so it’s a skillful dance to keep from getting tail lifted and going nose down into the tarmac.

- The XL is a big cargo bird without a troll inside. Both models also come with a folding wing option to allow them to be stowed in the belly of a cargo plane and dropped out the rear gate. Takes a skilled pilot to pull it off, so if you’re not trained well, just take the tow from a regular prop plane.

- Smokescreen

- ARCHAngel

- Just don’t try that on MCT property. Not that you’ll get the chance to talk. They’ll shred an incoming glider as soon as it enters their airspace.

  - Both models have an add-on package that provides a pair of launch thrusters. Be careful, though, because malfunctions and misuse can lead to catastrophic fuselage damage.

  - ARCHAngel

- Mihoshi Oni

- Those smuggler models for moving people are also great as trailers for a lead. A real pilot in the master can guide each of the others through the thermals and doesn’t need much beyond a short-range radio control system to link the guidance systems. Saves on the bulkier bits needed for a decent pilot program to operate with.

Cessna AirRider xl (fixed-wing, glider)

**==> picture [210 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>6 10 20 140 4 0 0 1 1 1 45,000¥<br>Standard Upgrades: Glide package, metahuman modification<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Turbo Bunny
