---
id: DC-0092
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GMC Vacationer III/ Patroller
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GMC Vacationer III/ Patroller

A general-purpose hovercraft known for being one of the most stable on the market, the Vacationer III is known for being popular as a recreational vehicle with outdoor enthusiasts. Capable of seating four, this ACV also features a micro-cabin in back that can sleep two in relative comfort and comes with a micro-fridge and food processor. In addition, the Vacationer also features a respectable top speed and handling specs for a craft of its class. And while all these features are nice for a good day on the lake or cruising along a coastline, these same features make the Vacationer III extremely popular as a security vehicle. Called the Patroller, it’s a common maritime patrol craft. And more. While having similar performance specs as the Vacationer, the Patroller features a slightly higher top speed and better handling as well as rigger adaptation and two small weapon turrets standard. Internally, the Patroller has the same amount of seating, but the passenger seats have been modified with built-in restraints.

- Yeah, and the civilian and security versions look exactly the same unless specifically marked. And of course, the sec-slags absolutely use this to their advantage.

- **>** Kane

- Yeah, tell me about it. Found out the hard way about those turrets when a Wuxing Port Authority craft popped a grenade launcher and MMG. Dodging MG and 40mm grenade fire isn’t my favorite way to spend an evening.

- Sounder

- And as one would guess, this is very popular with free-trader types. The cabin in the back makes longer trips easier when operators can alternate between resting and driving.

- **>** Traveler Jones
