---
id: DC-0358
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Valkyrie Module (CF Mod)
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Valkyrie Module (CF Mod)

More than just a high-rating medkit, the Valkyrie module is a small-scale, portable, automated emergency room. The module takes up the space of two seats and includes a bed with a transparent lid and a host of sophisticated medical equipment. The builtin software of the auto-doc system is equal to a rating 4 Biotech autosoft. The systems on the Valkyrie module are equivalent to a rating 6 medkit, with all of the same functionality. When the two systems are used together, they provide 10 dice for First Aid and Medkit healing (see p. 119, _SR6_ ). The Valkyrie can be used as a remote operating bed. When employed in this way, it participates in a teamwork Biotetch test to assist the medic. When assisting, on top of the normal benefits (see p. 36 _SR6_ ), it also grants one point of Edge to the leader. When the Valkyrie module is employed on a drone, it automatically sedates the patient to keep them from moving so that the drone can safely transport a metahuman without unnecessary risk. A Valkyrie module can only be mounted in a passenger vehicle or on a large drone with the medevac modification, regardless of any available mod slots that a smaller drone may have.

**==> picture [228 x 44] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
MOD SLOTS RATING<br>1 or 2 CF —<br>AVAILABILITY COST<br>4 3,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
