---
id: DC-0248
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Evo Proletarian III - (small wheeled drone)
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evo Proletarian III

## (small wheeled drone)

The first Proletarian model was designed as an automotive/industrial assistant for metahuman mechanics and workers. But soon, the drone began to be used in lieu of actual workers, causing friction, and outright violence in a few areas as workers tried to strike in protest. All socio-political issues aside, Evo began development on a second model soon after the first production run of the original was completed. But sabotage efforts halted any development of the second model as all specs, schematics, and blueprints were stolen, corrupted beyond recovery, or outright destroyed. Starting from scratch by reverse-engineering their own product, Evo came out with the Proletarian III last year. Like the first model, it retains the same basic three-wheeled, spherical, one-armed design. But this model features enhanced repair software as well as enhanced systems that allow it to perform well above its predecessor. In particular, the Proletarian III has a reinforced and wider wheelbase. This combined with the enhanced strength in the drone’s hand and task arm allows it to complete more difficult repair jobs as well as lift heavier loads and equipment. Additionally, the Proletarian has adaptive software that allows it to perform other functions and tasks that include (but are not limited to) butler, server, and janitor.

- In a pinch, they can also act as another layer of security. Their sensors aren’t top of the line, but they’re good enough to watch your back while you work or keep an eye on the shop while you’re gone. Some people I know have added weapons, but I prefer to use mine for alerting me when there’s trouble and letting my dedicated sec-drones do their job.

- Turbo Bunny

- I don’t know, a rigger friend of mine has one that carries a mono-chainsaw. That’s pretty scary to me. And effective.

- **>** Electric Blue

Evo Proletarian (small wheeled drone) **HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 2/4 5 10 5 3 1 2 2 — 2 8,000¥

**Standard Upgrades:** Integrated cyberarm (Strength 4), tool storage compartment **Notes:** Fine manipulation arm has a Strength rating of 4 for holding/ lifting tools or other items.
