---
id: DC-0278
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Aerodesign Systems LDSD-64 Condor - (medium blimp drone)
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aerodesign Systems LDSD-64 Condor

## (medium blimp drone)

For decades, the original LDSD-23 and -41 Condor models were the gold standard in droneblimp design. Often used as observation and overwatch platforms, they were extremely effective in their roles. Unfortunately, the original Condors were large, slow, and easy to target once they were detected. To help rectify this, Aerodesign engineers retooled the design and added in several modifications to increase survivability. First, the entire airframe was scaled down by over sixty percent, making it a smaller target. Second, advances in micro-electronics and other components allow it to accomplish the same tasks with more efficiently than previous models. Third, while it still retains its prop engines for normal operations, in the case of emergency the LDSD-64 can jettison its balloon and solar panel components (replacement balloons and panels are available as aftermarket accessories for 100 nuyen each). Then a pair of retractable wings and micro-jet engines will deploy, allowing the drone’s main body to escape out of the danger zone. Unlike its predecessors, the LDSD-64 is not just for observation—it also serves as a mobile

- Kane


## Aerodesign Systems LDSD-64 Condor (medium blimp drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4 5/20\* 5/25\* 20/130\* 5 2 3 4 — 3 7,000¥ **Standard Equipment:** 2 mini drone racks, retrans unit, suncell * Normal/emergency flight w/ solar panel and balloon jettisoned
