---
id: DC-0185
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Advanced Industries Personal Flight System - (Glider)
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Advanced Industries Personal Flight System

## (Glider)

This system is a basically a massive deployable wing and stabilizer setup that allows an individual to glide when deployed. The packed system is a thick backpack with a chest and leg harness. It’s intended as an alternative to skydiving or cliff-jumping, but it requires serious skills to land without breaking something. Alternatively, it can integrate (near seamlessly) with the Advanced Industries Personal Propulsion System to make a single-person flying system.

On its own and properly utilized, this system can allow for hundreds of miles of glide distance— even more if a pilot can read and utilize thermals. Proper skill and the addition of a supplemental oxygen tank make this a great long-range, limited-contact transport option. I love these things for their versatility.

- A short-range network connection can allow one pilot to “train” a series of these gliders. It was initially intended for recreational use and control, like tandem skydiving, but skilled riggers can get a full runner team or a mule rig across borders with relative ease.

- **>** Turbo Bunny

- Speaking of a mule rig—these systems are cheap enough that a simple pilot add and an expectation you won’t recover the thing can be used for package delivery at a low cost. Cheaper than paying for an extra slot for gear with a rigger.

- Hard Exit

- That same cheap pilot can also be added and engaged for landing. It’s a small price to pay to avoid serious limb damage.

- **>** Siren

- Surprised no one mentioned the best part. They’re reusable. As long as you don’t crash and trash it, the system folds right back into the backpack for later use.
