---
id: DC-0155
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: "MV Poseidon\u2019s Endeavor"
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## MV Poseidon’s Endeavor

This sailing ship is the exact opposite of the Cutty Sark II, in that it is as modern as can be. In the late 2060s, a group of students and professors at Southampton University in Britain wondered just how far they could push sailing technology. A team from the Oceanic Studies Centre approached their colleagues in the faculty of Engineering and posed them just that challenge.

- Word is this was done one late night while drunk in the famous Square Balloon pub in Southampton.

- eRic

It took some of the greatest engineering and oceanographic minds almost a decade to design, but Poseidon’s Endeavor is the first of its kind. It starts with a sizable hull using the latest in modern materials, then mates it with a fully automated control system and revolutionary wing-shaped sails on each of her three masts. This means this technological marvel can reach speeds previously unheard of for a sail-powered ship. Her range is also incredible, since modern technology means she has full electrical power and all the advanced systems that allows.

The most amazing thing about Poseidon’s Endeavor though is she can be sailed with a crew of one. Yes, one. A single rigger of sufficient skill can operate this ship at any given time, and do so without risking the ship or posing a hazard to navigation. There does need to be additional hands for maintaining and repairing the ship, and bringing her alongside at port with just a single rigger is challenging, but it is very doable.

- I just have to ask, Bubbles, have you worked on Poseidon’s Endeavour?

- As a matter of fact, I have. She behaves very differently from a conventional sailing ship or a ship using normal propulsion, but once you get used to her she’s wonderful to jump into. The feeling is like nothing else!

**>** Bubbles

MV Poseidon’s Endeavour is 103 meters long and 18 meters wide with a draft of 9 meters. Each of her three masts uses a “sail” which looks more like the wing from an airplane mounted vertically. The sails rotate to catch the wind, allowing surprising maneuverability as well as a high top speed for such a vessel. On top of that, it requires minimal crew. Her typical crew complement is twenty-four, mainly engineers and technicians, along with at least three helms and the officers.

As a test bed for new technologies, Poseidon’s Endeavour was one of the first vessels to get Network Sharing Enhancement installed. She is scheduled to go into dry dock in early 2082 for a major refit cycle, as she has suffered some damage recently from several attempts to steal prototype equipment from her. I would expect automated and manual security systems will be installed at that time; there has been a public funding campaign to donate to her refit and upgraded security, which has been far more successful than anyone ever thought it would be. She will be a much tougher nut to crack once she’s had her refit, though I don’t expect her to lose her Royal Navy escort or embarked Royal Marine security team any time soon.
