---
id: DC-0069
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Trucks - Gaz-Niki P-183
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trucks

## Gaz-Niki P-183

For several years now, the term “Gaz” has been a slur, synonymous with “idiot” or “bumpkin,” largely because drivers of previous Gaz-Niki pickup truck models were stereotyped as idiot-bumpkins from backwater rural areas (trid shows and sims still portray said people that way). Anyway, all that bulldrek aside, Gaz’s line of trucks has persisted because of their versatility and utility, even in the urban sprawls. The current model, the P-183, continues that tradition and has been a steady seller since its introduction in 2076. So how does a vehicle line so maligned continue to sell so well? First, it’s an affordable workhorse of a vehicle that can take a beating and still keep going. Second, and more importantly, is that the front cab is extremely generous when it comes to available space. So all it takes is a simple seat swap to make it more comfortable for larger metatypes.

- And there we have it. The P-183 and previous model sales have been (pun intended) driven by the troll consumer base. And to think, most corps consider us a non-entity demographic.

- **>** 2XL

- First time I got my Gaz, some elitist dip-frags not only tried to insult my shiny new truck, but they also tried to besmirch my metatype for good measure. So I taught them a lesson in respect, which may or may not have introduced their faces and my truck’s front grill. Grill still looks brand new, but I’ve never cleaned the red off to this day.

- Beaker
