---
id: DC-0267
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: ESSY Motors Red Interceptor
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ESSY Motors Red Interceptor

(large wheeled drone)

Released just last year, the Red Interceptor is Wuxing’s (through subsidiary ESSY Motors) first attempt to break into the security drone market. At first glance, it looks like a racing bike sized up for a troll, specifically an updated version of the classic Harley-Davidson Electroglide security bike, but with an aerodynamic turret assembly mounted where the rider would be. Small for a large drone, the Red Interceptor is marketed as a “fast response law enforcement unit.” In practice, the Interceptor’s main function is to chase down, take down, or track fleeing suspects—something it does extremely well, according to initial field reports. The Interceptor features standard a turbocharged engine and gyroscopic stabilization, giving it the ability to keep up with all but the fastest ground vehicles and make turns that would cause most metahuman riders to ditch. The turret mounted on the spine features a dual mount for two weapons up to an assault rifle or shotgun in size. ESSY is reported to have approached Harley-Davidson about a joint effort three years ago when first developing the Red Interceptor. But rumors that continue to this day indicate that Harley Davidson’s CEO told ESSY to “go frag yourself” and refused to offer any licensing deal. Regardless of what really happened, the first Interceptor production run rolled off assembly plants and directly into service with several security providers, with another two production runs planned.

**>** Half of that first run was purchased by Lone Star after they fieldtested six prototypes for a year in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.



An associate of mine working that sprawl says “don’t let these things fool you—they may look like a beefy combat bike, but they handle like a racer. I’ve already had to scrap two rides because of those things.” And this associate is one of the best bike riders I’ve ever known, so this is some legit bad news for us.

- Turbo Bunny

- I’ve heard about these. The Star likes to mount dual SMGs or shotguns. One loaded with the typical ammo, the other with tracers or RFID tracker rounds. First, they get in close, then tag you, then stay on your hoop while other units converge. It got so bad that fixers in DFW were offering “shoot-on-sight” bounties on Red Interceptors. I can only imagine what will happen once they’re deployed en-masse in multiple contract regions. And that’s just with the Star.

- Hard Exit

- By the way, that story about Harley-Davidson is true. But that didn’t bother Wuxing, who basically ripped off the Electroglide’s design anyway. H-D was gearing up for a legal battle in the corporate courts, but lawyers kept having accidents or something, because no one advanced the case.

- Mr. Bonds
