---
id: DC-0050
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Nissan Constellation
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nissan Constellation

One of the most popular utility task vehicles (UTVs) currently on the market, the Constellation is more common in rural areas than in most sprawls, although that’s changing in some places. A true workhorse of a vehicle, the four-wheeled electric-powered Constellation can be adapted for a multitude of tasks and can operate in just about any environment. Able to seat four average-sized individuals, it comes standard with a small modular cargo bed that can be removed, allowing access to a folding rear-facing bench, increasing seating by two. On agro-farms, the Constellation is often used for short-range transportation of personnel and their equipment. It’s also popular on nature preserves and parklands for itsutility factor and small ecological footprint. In urban areas, it’s seeing increasing use by on-site security officers as a basic transport and light patrol vehicle for large facilities.

- No, this does not mean that corp high-threat response teams will be ditching their armored rides anytime soon. These things are used by the grunts, but that doesn’t mean that you should underestimate them. The Constellation may have zero armor, and it may be a tortoise compared to real vehicles, but they can be cheaply equipped with comms, lights, and sensors really easily. It only takes one lucky rent-a-cop to spot you. Plus, their smaller frames allow them to get into most places pretty easily as well.

- **>** Ma’Fan

  - Basically, the Transit is the Ford Americar of street bikes, and is used in the exact same way.

  - Clockwork

  - I still chuckle when I see various corporate-backed motorcycle clubs tooling around on these, trying to hold on to some kind of lost youth or some drek. And don’t get me started on some of the garish modifications they like to put on them. Any go-ganger worth their wheels would turn these dip-frags into street pizza in mere seconds.

  - Old Crow

  - Like Johnny said, be careful. These bikes make great sleepers. That’s why I keep a few in my stable.

  - Turbo Bunny

- Another thing about the Constellation, they are **quiet** . In an active facility, most background noise, such as active machinery, drowns out the electric motor’s noise almost completely.

- Mika

  - Most professionals know this and act accordingly, so don’t assume that people will overlook your Transit simply because it looks modest.

  - Thorn

- I like them for off-road or rural areas because they don’t attract too much attention. Combined with the seating and utility, if you need something for a stealthy (key word there) insertion and egress in the great outdoors, the Constellation isn’t half bad. That, and they can be damn fun to drive. Just don’t get into a firefight on one.

- Balladeer
