---
id: DC-0251
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Ares Arms Regulator - (medium tracked drone)
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Arms Regulator

## (medium tracked drone)

In 2074 Ares Arms obtained the rights from an independent design facility to produce a drone called the Blood Scythe. Advertised as an urban “anti-insurgency” drone with advanced targeting software and IFF algorithms, the Blood Scythe gained notoriety when those IFF safeguards failed, and several units began firing on civilians in Warsaw as well as other cities throughout Eastern

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



Europe. Not wanting to deal with any bad PR at the time and weaseling their way out of liability through legal wrangling, Ares Arms quickly made some cosmetic changes and re-branded all remaining units, calling it the Regulator. A fairly straightforward and simple design, the Regulator is a low-cost tracked drone with adequate (if not spectacular) performance specs and a large weapon turret. Its primary mission profile is to act as fire support for light infantry units or law enforcement/security agents. Using readily available parts and components, the Regulator is also easy to maintain and modify.

- The one thing Ares did not fix was the code that caused the problems in the first place. A big shock, I know. So if you get one of these, make sure you get one of the software upgrade patches that was put out on the Matrix by concerned techs before you use it. And I just happen to know where you can get them.

- Red Anya

- Anyway, once you get past the bugs, the Regulator is a solid performer if all you need is something to spray lead. And even if it takes a hit, repair and maintenance is easy—unless it’s completely destroyed. Then simply salvage what you can for the next one.

- Clockwork


## Ares Arms Regulator (medium tracked drone)

| **HAND ACCEL**                      | **SPD**<br>**INT** | **TOP**<br>**SPD** | **BOD**    | **ARM**               | \*\*PILOT \*\* | **SENS** | **SEAT** | **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | ---------- | --------------------- | -------------- | -------- | -------- | --------- | -------- |
| 3/3<br>15                           | 12                 | 40                 | 5          | 4                     | 3              | 1        | —        | 2         | 4,000¥   |
| \*\*Standard Equipment:\*\*Turreted |                    |                    |            | standard weapon mount |                |          |          |           |          |
| **Note:**–1 for all repair test     |                    |                    | thresholds |                       |                |          |          |           |          |
