---
id: DC-0134
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Corsair Panther/Puma
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corsair Panther/Puma

The Panther is the cousin of the Elysium and uses the same single-mast design but with a traditional catamaran hull. This enables the vessel to be faster on the water, as catamarans lift the bow more and are just generally more hydrodynamically efficient. Plus there are two inboard engines, though of a slightly smaller variant than the Elysium. But this still yields a twenty percent increase in engine power, which when combined with the more efficient hull design gives you a significantly faster vessel.

Like with the Elysium, many were clamoring for a cheaper and more traditional sailboat, and so Corsair happily obliged the masses by releasing the Puma. Both have the same cabin and living arrangements and can comfortably berth eight people for several months at sea, as well as suncell to keep the batteries topped off. Both classes also maintain the same advanced battery system as the original Panther.

The one major difference now is the color; there is no real reason for the Puma to be black, so to blend in with the normies, Corsair began offering Panthers is more normal (and much less tacky and suspicious) liveries. They are also offering to retrofit Panthers previously purchased, if the customer wants. This is quite expensive, and not much different from what your average modern shipwright can

do, but there is a cachet within some of the sailing community to have it done by Corsair themselves.

I must admit the Panther is still a wonderful vessel, but I’m partial to the Puma myself. Why waste perfectly good space for a needlessly overpowered engine when the majority of the fun is letting the wind do its thing. However, like the Elysium and Ellipse, it’s very hard to tell the difference between the two above the waterline, but devilishly easy once you get underwater and can see the bow thrusters and larger engine nozzles of the Panther.

- Just because the Panther is not black any more doesn’t mean the battery system is less effective. Only it’s now harder to see these things, as they blend into the background clutter in more congested waterways and are just black holes in the water at night.

- Kane
