---
id: DC-0240
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: 'SPIES, SNIPERS, AND FORCE MULTIPLIERS - Posted by: Rigger X'
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SPIES, SNIPERS, AND FORCE MULTIPLIERS

## Posted by: Rigger X

**>** Okay—before anyone starts in, yes, we are painfully aware of Rigger X’s reputation and some of the drek he’s pulled in the past. And we know the bad blood a few of you have with him. But he’s still part of JackPoint because he has knowledge and insight that’s useful to us in a professional capacity. In this case, it’s his expertise in drones. He agreed to do this as long as no one brings personal biz into it, tries to start a flame-war, or goes after him personally. So this is the one and only warning to everyone (including Rigger X) to keep it professional. The BanHammer is on a hair trigger here, people.

**>** Glitch

Drones are everywhere and can do just about everything. While that statement may seem simplistic because of its obviousness, its implications and effects on life in the Sixth World are more far-reaching than most people realize or contemplate in any meaningful way. Early drone designs were simplistic in their function and capability.

But then the first ASIST systems came into being for Matrix use and were quickly applied to drone technology, which caused a paradigm shift in their possible applications and use. Then, wireless technology was created, which represented yet another milestone of advancement in capability. Over the last thirty years, these advances, along with the latest generation autosoft operating systems, have accumulated in what is a near quantum leap in drone capability, form, and function. Current drones are no longer clunky or inelegant unless they are meant to be. But modern materials, combined with SOTA systems, have made others into sleek machines … or in some cases nearly indistinguishable from nature itself.

Yet the world at large hardly seems to have noticed.

That’s because the average person (erroneously) sees them as nothing but another tool, something to do a specific task and then be forgotten about. This idea has become so prevalent that most don’t even think twice when they see a drone. They have
