---
id: DC-0260
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Vulcan Systems Opossum Mk I (medium walker drone)
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vulcan Systems Opossum Mk I (medium walker drone)

**==> picture [210 x 23] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|      |       |         |         |     |     |       |      |      |       |        |
| ---- | ----- | ------- | ------- | --- | --- | ----- | ---- | ---- | ----- | ------ |
| HAND | ACCEL | SPD INT | TOP SPD | BOD | ARM | PILOT | SENS | SEAT | AVAIL | COST   |
| 3/4  | 8     | 8       | 40      | 6   | 4   | 2     | 2    | —    | 3     | 7,500¥ |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Standard Equipment:** Detachable drone batteries (one spare for each drone being used), integrated satellite uplink, recharging ports, small drone rack (x2), suncell, retrans unit

**Note:** Can mount mini drone rack (x4) or micro drone rack (x8)

With speed and mobility on par with other drones of its class/type, it also features a comparable, if not spectacular, armor profile. The GR-02 retains the same basic trike shape as the GR-01 but utilizes two heavy-duty tracks in the front. The GR-02 also features three weapon turret mounts, compared to the GS-01’s two. The primary heavy turret on the back remains, but two smaller secondary turrets on the left and right have been added, mounted just above the two front tracks’ armored housing. The main turret is rated for all heavy weapons, while the secondary turrets can handle up to assault rifles/shotguns. Each turret can elevate up to eighty degrees, depress twenty, and rotate 360 degrees for maximum overlapping fire. An integrated SAFE targeting system prevents the GR-02 from shooting itself or designated friendlies. Additionally, all turrets feature armored coverings that protect the weapons from incoming enemy fire. Unfortunately, this negates the versatility the GS-01 is known for. Also, the rear turret features a small fold-down foot platform and manual/AR control link for a gunner. This allows a rigger to relinquish control of the main turret in order to employ other weapons. For additional firepower, the GR-02 features a retractable forward-facing weapon hardpoint along its main body just forward of the main turret and between the two secondary turrets. While able to mount heavy ballistic weapons, launch weapons such as missiles, rockets, or grenades are typically used. Finally, for combat longevity, each turret has its own dedicated ammo bin.

- Ares first started testing the GR-02 in the 2077 Desert Wars, where it became extremely popular; the sheer amount of fire it can put down is quite frightening. They became so successful that season that enemy commanders quickly made Gunrunners primary targets for aerial and artillery attacks, which Ares commanders quickly countered by using them as decoys.

- Hard Exit
