---
id: DC-0026
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Utilities and Municipal Services
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Utilities and Municipal Services

It won’t surprise anyone to find out that drones do jobs that metahumans can’t or won’t do, or jobs that are just too hazardous or difficult for a metahuman to do. A lot of these jobs fall into this category. And where there’s drones, there’s riggers.

I’m sure we’ve all seen the trash collector drones/trucks that are such a common part of daily life in major urban areas, so much so that they blend into the background. These make great camouflage by the way, as no one ever worries about a “borrowed” garbage truck, and hardly anyone ever remembers them being in an area. Most trucks nowadays operate with drones to supplement or outright replace the sanitation workers, some even going so far as to use anthroform drones to allow them to easily access hard-to-reach areas. This isn’t the norm—mostly, it’s medium or large flying or wheeled drones doing the job, but not always.

Public transit, such as it might be in your sprawl, is usually rigger adapted to boot. Very rarely will each bus, train, and monorail be directly rigged, but each and every transit authority will have some riggers on call to handle snafus. The likelihood of a rigger jumping into any given bus or train isn’t high, as often there will be a handful of riggers to cover a whole sprawl or district, and so they’ll prioritize where they go based on a very rigid set of parameters. But it’s possible.

Another area that sees extensive drone usage is sewers and water supply. Using either a spool of fiber optic cable or a rail-style system either built into the walls of the pipes or moved along with the drone, riggers are able to negate the noise they




xGuide systems force all users to comply with all traffic laws (a subscription fee included in lifestyle payments compensates for the loss of fines from moving violations) and will automatically reroute traffic around accidents, security alert zones, and congested areas. Users will also be forced to comply with, and make way for, emergency service vehicles.
