---
id: DC-0280
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Vulcan Systems Jump Master (medium special drone)
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vulcan Systems Jump Master (medium special drone)

**==> picture [210 x 22] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>3 15 20 100 3 0 1 3 1 3 2,500¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Standard Equipment:** Standard weapon mount

**Notes:** Requires Minor Action to transition from horizontal to vertical/ hover flight. \*Horizontal/Vertical flight


## Vulcan Systems Jump Master

## (medium special drone)

Another in Vulcan’s line of wearable drones, the Jump Master is intended to be used in sky-diving or airborne operations. Featuring dedicated Maneuvering and Free-Fall autosofts as standard, the Jump Master can assist a knowledgeable jumper with their drop with advanced AR controls (from a commlink, if necessary). It can also pilot an unskilled jumper to the ground on its own or allow a rigger to do the piloting for the jumper, making them a passenger, with full VR. The Jump Master can be equipped with either a parasail system or a standard vertical drop chute. It also comes with a standard emergency vertical drop chute and drone release, with manual controls in case of emergencies. The Jump Master is often used as

**Standard Upgrade:** Includes proprietary Athletics (Free Fall) autosoft that cannot be uninstalled or copied **Notes:** +2 to Athletics for those with Flight specialization. Use wild die for all control tests when tandem jump is made.
