---
id: DC-0203
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Awesome !
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## _Awesome_ !

I snagged it from MCT at a remote site in the AMC. They were getting ready to clear out, and I tagged along with a team jumping in to snag some paydata before they wiped the drives. The place had shipped off most of the secforces or sent them to secure the transport to the airport and left a pair of Gryphons and a couple handfuls of goons in Citymasters for escort duty. Plenty of firepower.

Team popped in, snagged the goodies, and got offsite without a hitch. I got in range of one of the Gryphons at a fuel station and dropped a mark on the way out, used a little deckswap trick I picked up and then went ham on that firewall once my team was clear. It wasn’t easy, but it was worth it.

Those things are true trideo-game-worthy gunships. I seriously thought the readouts were kidding when it gave me ammo counts on the weapon systems. I obviously got discovered, and when the other Gryphon turned on me, it was _on_ !

Because it’s MCT and I’m always up for some non-specific revenge (thanks, Kane), I zero-zoned their Citymasters like they were made of papier mâché while I did some duck-and-weave moves on the other Gryphon. Once it was just she and I (the other pilot’s callsign was Siren, totally a girl-battle), I played with how she handled. It was bulky but smooth. I’ll be honest, I was outmatched since my opponent was probably jumped in and fully rigged up, but I had fun, and I kept from getting shot down while getting in a couple nice love taps.

In the end, I watched the fuel gauge drop faster than NeoNET stock after the Boston decision. I knew my endgame and went entirely vertical, something LAVs are not designed for, burned off the last bit of fuel, and let the engines die. As she started to fall, I activated every weapon on the rig and sent her out like a spinning firework of doom. Best craft I ever flew!

- Can’t add much. I piloted these in several Desert Wars seasons and it’s just what she says. It’s a hardcore weapons platform with firepower to spare. I will toss a compliment at /dev/—I’ve talked to deckers on all sides, and they talk about the Gryphon like it’s an unbreakable fortress. Nice job.

- Staller

- Don’t feed her ego!

- Slamm-0!
