---
id: DC-0111
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Spinrad Global Street Rocket EX
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Spinrad Global Street Rocket EX

With a (former? are the rumors true?) CEO known for his extreme lifestyle, it should come as no surprise that Spinrad Global was the one to develop and produce a fragging jet-powered skateboard for the open market. Which, of course, is marketed directly to teens and young adults who are “looking for the ULTIMATE ROAD CHALLENGE!” Dubbed the “Street Rocket EX” (EX for EXTREME!, of course), the Street Rocket is a titanium ~~slab~~ board approximately three-quarters of a meter long and a quarter-meter wide. Two micro-turbine jet engines are mounted to the back and provide sufficient forward thrust. The undercarriage is modular, allowing the user to install either more traditional skateboard-style wheels, mini-tracks, or proprietary “EX Sphere”-style wheels (titanium spheres encased in vulcanized tire-rubber). Controls are of the AR variety and can be linked to any commlink with AR gloves. This system is also compatible with a VCR implant or RCC. To keep the rider on the fragging board, the Street Rocket has Gecko-Grip panels on the top for extra hold. Alternately, custom detachable feet braces can be added. Speed-wise, the Street Rocket is on par with most off-road bikes, but way below most street racers.

- Sounder

- Not entirely true. Because of the vehicle’s particular driving characteristics, one doesn’t so much drive a Super-Bug as tell it where to go and how fast. Which is fine for non-riggers, but sometimes the control systems and a VCR don’t always sync up properly. Also, if you engage GridGuide, don’t try anything fancy because for some reason the two systems don’t play well with each other if you push them too hard. So be aware.

- Johnny Redline

- Fun fact: BMW was also developing the Super-Bug as the basis for a vehicle to be used at all S-K off-planet S-K facilities. Yep, the Super-Bug is meant to be a space car.

- Orbital DK
