---
id: DC-0529
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Tools of the Trades
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tools of the Trades

This may sound basic, but it isn’t really. Everything you do or want to do needs both tools and parts. Tools take on a variety of functions, but they also come with their own capabilities to directly assist more than just torquing the wrench. Like medkits (p. 282, _SR6_ ), toolkits (belts, boxes and even bots) are a necessity when doing any kind of work on a vehicle, repair or otherwise. In addition to that, there are shops, which most of us do our real work in, and there are facilities. And while doing repairs and mods both require parts (either the right parts or the scrounged-up versions), it should be noted that even shops and facilities have their limits as well. Changing tires might be a toolkit thing, installing a new engine block in your narco tank is a shop thing, and of course integrating armor plating into the shell of your Banshee or Krime Wing definitely requires a facility.

While toolkits are relatively cheap and universally available, shops and facilities are pricier, and in the case of facilities, they may be out of reach for the average gutterpunk, but where there is a need, the sprawl provides. Shops and facilities are available for rent by the day in any good-sized city, usually in warehouse space, though garages in more private locales are available as well.

- I want to know who programs kits, anyway? The automated voice that goes with my tool belt speaks in old southern slang and likes to suggest how to constantly arrange the tools for more efficient operations. Like I don’t know how to do that already.

- Turbo Bunny

- Sounds to me like it’s trying to assert itself as the smart one.

- Clockwork

Many people ask, “What’s in a shop?” The answer to that may vary from one location to another, but the principal gist is: “whatever is needed, hopefully.” A shop nominally contains everything necessary, tools and hardware wise, to perform most repair work, upgrades, and installations. This includes vehicle lifts, air compressors, pipe and tubing adjusters, external power supplies, welding equipment, to 3D printers and CNC machines. Shops also set the limits of what can be worked upon as well as how many individuals can work on a given task. Space for a shop can vary widely and remains the other determiner of what can be worked on. It’s important to remember that the size of the shop does not determine how good it is. The space to work in is certainly part of the formula, but the capabilities of it are what it’s built to manage, as well as providing space for the grease monkeys to work.



Another important detail: toolkits and shops are mobile, but shops are not functional while mobile. Like everything, shops need space to be utilized fully, and while helpful, a packed-up air compressor, acetylene torch or TIG/SMAW welding system are only beneficial when properly deployed. The amount of space necessary to make a shop functional depends entirely upon the vehicle or drone size you are wanting to work on. If space is not an issue, like if you are operating in open air or a warehouse, then get to work and hope it doesn’t rain (or get a shaman to conjure some spirits to be your virtual roof). Otherwise, determining what kind of space is needed is directly tied to how large a vehicle or drone you are going to work on.

- This is very key, folks. Yes, there are people out there with completely mobile and operational shops, but all of them need space to work in. If you watch the Gumball Rallies, for instance, you’ll see their supporting pit crews have vehicles that are specially fitted out to support their cars. The winning pit crew for the 2080 Gumball across Amazonia had a vehicle like the GMC Forge, but larger at the base, that could deal with rally cars while they were in motion. And to be clear, rally cars are things like the LZ-Tsarina or the Mitsubishi Runabout with serious cross-country racing mods.

- Stone
