---
id: DC-0541
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Taking it to - Someone to Fix it Up
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Taking it to

## Someone to Fix it Up

If you’re looking to get something like a car or a drone fixed up, but you don’t know how to do it yourself, you can get someone else to do it. Auto repair shops and mechanics can be found just about anywhere, from podunk gas stations in the middle of the desert to multi-bay facilities with state-of-the-art diagnostic and repair capabilities.

Of course, no one works for free. Taking something in to get repaired incurs a cost of 10 percent of the vehicle’s total cost per box of damage repaired.



This represents the time the mechanic puts in to finding out what is wrong, acquiring the right parts for it, and taking the time to do the actual repairs. This can easily lead to the repairs costing more than what the vehicle is worth. That’s what happens when insurance tells you something is “totaled.” It’s up to you if it’s worth it to keep what you have.

Some mechanics may cost extra based on how skilled they are. Others may cost less depending on how well you know them, or if you can get them to cut you a break in negotiating how much it’s going to cost. Like with anything, you get what you pay for, and someone who is exceptionally skilled is going to be able to complete the job much faster than someone who thinks a pair of channel-lock pliers is a socket set.
