---
id: DC-0141
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Evo Waterking
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evo Waterking

A very reasonable vessel, the Waterking is almost the Americar of the lakes and rivers of the Sixth World. At eighteen meters in length, they are on the larger end of the spectrum, yet they are not a big stretch for anyone with more than a passing familiarity with how to sail a boat, so they see a lot of use. The Waterking has been in production for many years at this point, and there is a very sizable secondhand market, making it easily accessible.

The Waterking has a particularly compact engine, which allows it to maximize internal space. This arrangement is fairly typical for cabin cruisers like this, with a seating area at the stern above the engine, a forward cabin that houses the galley/dining area, a workable head and shower, as well as a pair of two-berth cabins, while the lower deck houses another head and four more twoberth cabins, plus storage. It’s very well laid out, with the ladders at a shallow angle for a boat of this type, thus enhancing its ease of use by your average SINner.

Waterkings are ubiquitous and can be used for a great many reasons. With minor modifications, it’s possible to use this craft as a dive boat, a fishing boat, and many other uses. This gives a not-insignificant veneer of legitimacy to those of us in the shadows who need to go about our nefarious activities in plain sight without sticking out. It’s not the craft for a quick getaway, but you’ll blend into the background very nicely. And have plenty of space to hide your expensive toys.
