---
id: DC-0329
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Easy Assembly/Disassembly
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Easy Assembly/Disassembly

When you need to get a vehicle to (or into) a location but can’t get it there whole, this is the modification for you. While you could use this mod on your GMC Bulldog, you would need several other Bulldogs to carry the pieces. It’s far more useful on drones and small vehicles—maybe something like carrying a disassembled Nightwing into a skyscraper and re-assembling it on the roof.

Vehicles can be folded into an easily handled package or broken up into several smaller, lighter packages to be carried along and assembled at a remote location. When secure facilities scan for unwanted devices such as small surveillance bugs, you can get past this by breaking a minidrone down into several unidentifiable parts and smuggling those in separately.

The easy assembly/disassembly mod allows a vehicle to be broken down into several smaller pieces, or into a single compact form, and then reassembled for operation. Disassembly or re-assembly of a vehicle takes an Extended Engineering (Body, 1 min) test. When microdrones or minidrones are broken down, the parts are extremely difficult to identify without an appropriate Knowledge skill. This mod has no slot cost for micro-drones.

**==> picture [228 x 43] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
MOD SLOTS RATING<br>1/3 body (rounded up) —<br>AVAILABILITY COST<br>3 2,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
