---
id: DC-0150
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Ships and Magic
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ships and Magic

One way that ships differ from boats is that they count as a living space for tens, if not hundreds or thousands, of metahumans at the same time, and for long periods of time. This means that ships benefit from a strange magical side effect, in that they take on certain properties as a Hearth. This means that ships can have wards, ritual foundations, and magical lodges set up within them. Magical scholars are conducting research into this magical oddity, but none have a firm idea of why this is the case. They all agree the phenomenon is real, though.

Something else that I feel I would be remiss to not mention is the legal status of ships. And before someone starts mouthing off about shadowrunners not caring about the law, I’m talking about what laws you would be running afoul of when dealing with a ship. You see, national governments and corporations view their flags with a certain level of pride, which usually means that they will vehemently defend them—or avenge them. In the real world, this means that a ship is seen as a facility or building as opposed to boats, which are just vehicles. Once you step aboard a ship, you enter the jurisdiction of the controlling governmental organization whose flag is being flown. And if that happens to be a megacorp, you’re entering extraterritorial property. See the issue here? You storm a Riverine or an MPAC, and you’re dealing with a vehicle, the same as if you stormed a Roadmaster or a Bulldog. You set foot on a ship, and it’s like you’re in that country or whatever. I found that out the hard way, when as a young sailor I boarded a merchant vessel flying the British flag for my next cruise and was promptly hoisted against a bulkhead by a very burly bosun demanding to know why I had the gumption to bring a heavy pistol and sporting rifle on board his ship (both are illegal in Britain).

I know some of you big bad runner types will completely ignore my warning, and some of you won’t have a choice, as that’s where your jobs take you. But I would urge everyone to be aware that corporate security holds sway aboard vessels, so you should treat a ship the same as any other building or campus owned by that same government or

corporation. Don’t come crying to me when you get your hoop shot off in some zero zone aboard a MCT container ship.
