---
id: DC-0195
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: (VTOL)
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## (VTOL)

I might be starting a war, but I’m putting this workhorse out here as my favorite ride. The CRT has had a few hiccups in its run, namely a manufacturing switch from Hughes to Hawker-Siddley, but it never lost the ability to be ready and capable when it comes to saving lives. Whether it’s a single-victim car accident or a massive medical emergency, the CRT can handle the job. Designed intentionally to handle multiple patients with space for multiple techs, it’s not some cramped box with no room to work. D-Wag flies these around the globe, and they’re back in a battle with the Osprey II as secondary- and tertiary-level client sites need to decide where to send those junk Ospreys to make room for a proper fleet of CRTs.

With durability and range over the competition, the CRT is _the_ choice for safety services. It also helps that enough are making it over into the secondary market that folks here can enjoy this mean machine.

- The Hughes to Hawker-Siddley issue isn’t over. Somehow, the pair are still going back and forth on design tech and schematic adjustments. Yes, more than a decade later.

- Butch

- It’s not those two alone. Rotorcraft makers have been going after each other left, right, and center recently. Every one ofthem is trying to snag every bit of advancement their rivals develop.

Funny thing is, half the time they are just stealing back data they lost or that got advanced a micrometer.

- /dev/grrl

- Word on the street is H-S, Hughes, and F-B are quietly coordinating against a certain three-letter AAA in order to try to get a handle on their next-gen tech. It’s a top-level coordination while the lower tiers still bicker over rotor angle data.

- Icarus
