---
id: DC-0075
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Vans/Heavy Vehicles - Ford Bison III
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vans/Heavy Vehicles

## Ford Bison III

The original Ford-Canada Bison had been a staple with riggers, smugglers, and other “free traders” since the 2040s, until legal issues over design copyrights on the Canadian side of the company forced the line’s cancellation in 2064, ending with the extremely rare Bison II. Ford finally dealt with the problem and resumed production with the new Bison III in late 2078. The Bison III is a large cargo vehicle that’s bigger than most other cargo vans, but slightly smaller than the average RV. It features a large cab capable of seating six and still has a lot of cargo space to spare. But the Bison III has several upgrades including a more powerful engine, better suspension, and wider rear wheelbase that greatly improves overall control and handling. For a vehicle its size, the stock Bison III is fairly quick, tough, handles well, and is just as capable on sprawl streets as it is in the back country. And while the Bison III isn’t _technically_ an RV, it has plenty of cab and interior space for installing some basic amenities based on the owner’s needs.

- And it’s already starting to regain its former glory in the shadows. A couple associates of mine were among the first to buy a few of these and have modified the drek out of them. They backed up my team a few months ago and brought along their Bison IIIs. One was this massive drone carrier and general transport, the other… well, let’s just say I’ve seen tanks with less firepower and armor. Never thought I’d see something that could make Hard Corps turn tail and run like that.

- Danger Sensei

- They’re also still popular in northern regions, where their versatility and reliability is a major advantage. The Bison III may not be able to get there as fast as some, but it will keep going when Mother Nature tries to say “No.”

- Sounder



Ford bison III

- Older Bison models were also popular with the “Bussy” crowds— slags who liked to take large cargo or transport vehicles and renovate them into small custom mobile homes. Anywhere you’d see nomad-types, the chances are good you’d see a Bison or six among their caravans.

- Goat Foot
