---
id: DC-0523
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: 'THE GREASE MONKEY WAY - Posted by: The Team of Gramius and Raines'
page: 157
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## THE GREASE MONKEY WAY

## Posted by: The Team of Gramius and Raines

Things break, and they break in a lot of ways. It can be because your heavily customized and armored Roadmaster took an anti-vehicular rocket from a corp high-threat response team while bugging out from a nasty job, or it can be because you were high on bliss and ran your Jackrabbit into a utility pole. Everything breaks, and you’re going to need to get it fixed so it will run right again.

Why get it fixed, though? What’s the advantage to repairing something as opposed to ditching the old one and just acquiring a new one? For something mass produced and ubiquitous, like that wrecked Jackrabbit, it is probably easier to just buy something new. If you’re looking at that custom Roadmaster, those modifications don’t come cheap, let alone having the spare cash on hand to buy a brand new one, and getting that all replaced is more trouble than fixing what you have.

**>** So, there I was, evading a response team in the middle of the Cambodian jungle. My buddy Raines and I had just broken out of an MCT holding facility and had been on the run a day and a half. We had been evading them in the bush, trying to make our way toward any kind of civilization. It had been miserable, with all the mud, rain, and bugs. Nasty little fraggers that’ll bite you right through your clothes.

We finally came across a road, if you could call it that. It was more like two muddy tracks worn in the underbrush. Matrix was still spotty, but we were able to get our bearings.

Some borracho had run their Gopher into a tree and left it there to rot. The wreck was at least a few weeks old and had started to rust. The thing was riddled with old bullet holes but still had a toolbox at the front of the bed. We snuck up on it real quiet, but there was no one there. I smashed the lock on the box, and Raines got to work. That guy can turn a wrench, even if he can’t shoot for drek.

Raines said the battery was dead so we would have to try jumpstarting it. After what seemed like a couple hours of pushing, complaining, and swearing, we got it on the road,



pointed kinda downhill. He had me push it while he tried to pop it into gear. It took four tries before the damn Gopher came back to life, a cloud of black smoke belching from the tailpipe.

The thing sounded like a tank engine, but it was running. We rode that Gopher all the way back to Phnom Penh, spewing black smoke and burning oil pretty much the whole way. We ditched it in front of a Stuffer Shack. Shoulda kept that thing.

Long story short, a good mechanic can make pretty much anything run, if only for a little bit.

**>** Kane

- So how much time did *that* waste?

- /dev/grrl

- Hey now! You read fast.

- Kane

- That’s not what I … forget it.

- /dev/grrl

- It was time well spent, we got it going, and saved ourselves days of walking.

- Raines
