---
id: DC-0168
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Factory Ship
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Factory Ship

Factory ships were long thought to be rumors and sea stories, but I can confirm to you good folks of JackPoint that they indeed exist. After all, if the vast majority of your cargo is going by sea, why waste time transporting said cargo from the port to the factory and back when you can have the factory at sea with the cargo? It just makes sense.

I have made inquiries, and I can confirm that the triple-A megacorps each had a handful of factory ships as early as the 2060s, but as far as I can determine, there are at most two dozen of these vessels still out at sea after a significant number were lost due to the nanopocalypse. No one can confirm exact numbers; these are my best guesses based on what I’ve been able to find out, and I’ve been unable to discover where any of these ships

were constructed. But having seen two with my own eyes, I know they exist.

Over a kilometer long and as much as 400 meters wide, these ships sail in racetrack patterns like those used by the ballistic missile submarines before the first Crash. They often operate well beyond sight of land and principal shipping routes, and they are often equipped with technology to enable them to be somewhat covert—because let’s face it, a kilometer-long ship isn’t going to be that hard to spot.

From what I gather, each ship has two (or more) fusion reactors, of the kind you would find powering a major city. Because that is what these things are—factories that can produce a wide range of goods at about the same rate as two average landbased factories. Most are fully automated, requiring a few dozen crew to maintain the drones and other automation systems, but if what I’ve been told is to be believed, there are at least two that make moderate use of metahuman labor in their assembly lines. Of the two that I have personally come across, one was a monohull and one was a catamaran, and both were clearly very different despite being owned by the same megacorp. I would urge caution to anyone even contemplating going up against one of these behemoths; both of the vessels I’ve dealt with had _ridiculous_ amounts of security personnel on board, and all were packing some really heavy firepower and stuffed with combat augmentations out the hoop.



- AZT use these things like gunboats at times; the Caribbean is lousy with them!

**>** Kane
