---
id: DC-0306
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Modification System Rules
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Modification System Rules

One thing all riggers tend to have in common is that they have their favorite modifications to make on their stock vehicles and drones. The bigger and roomier the chassis, the more open it is to customization!

Modifications (mods, for short) come in different categories. Chassis modifications are concerned with the base structure of the vehicle. Powerplant mods include fuel, power generation, transmission, and propulsion. Electronics mods affect the basic AI and the input/output interface of a vehicle, including the systems for camouflage, communications, anti-theft, and stealth.



A vehicle or drone has a number of Chassis, Powertrain, and Electronic mod slots equal to its unmodified Body in each of these three categories. Any available Chassis, Powertrain, and Electronic mod slots can permanently be shifted to another category at a 2:1 ratio. Unless stated otherwise, matching components that have a higher rating cost the difference in Mod slots to replace.

The listed availability and cost apply when you purchase the modification from your local gearhead and let them do the work. When installing the modification yourself, the mod slot cost is used for determining difficulty of making the modification and the tools that are required to do so. Unless specified otherwise, the test for installing a mod is Engineering (Appropriate type) + Logic [(mod slots x 8), (mod slots x hours)]. Modifications that are not measured in mod slots have a mod slot multiplier of 1 for the threshold and interval. A toolkit is sufficient to perform any mod that costs less than two slots, while a shop is necessary for any job that consumes two to five slots. A facility is required for modifications that consume six or more slots.

Installing the mod yourself saves you fifty percent of the listed nuyen cost, but this do-it-yourself saving does not apply to accessories. Unless stated otherwise, matching components that have a higher price will only cost the difference in price to replace.

delivered on time, this is the mod you need. Just don’t get caught without a convincing fake license, as law enforcement tends to take a dim view on impersonating emergency vehicles. This mod includes pop-up (and/or pop-down) light bars, a hidden siren, an AR ’caster, and a spoof chip to fool the GridGuide system into thinking you’re a legitimate emergency vehicle.

**==> picture [228 x 22] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
AVAILABILITY COST<br>4 (L) 6,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
