---
id: DC-0221
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Lear-Cessna Rover - (Fixed-Wing)
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lear-Cessna Rover

## (Fixed-Wing)

I’m shocked nobody began the love fest for what is almost universally “my first plane” among fixed-wing pilots. We all dreamed of bigger and faster, but this adorable little prop-queen was always where we fell in love with a life in the sky. Not to mention the place we all did our teenage daydreaming about running away or being the next super-mule for the drug cartels and retiring young and rich with this sturdy bird parked out behind our mansion on a private airstrip ready to make a run for it.

I remember the trid tropes all based on some “real” event that occurred well before the global Matrix and even before drones monitored borders like hawks. Then we started to get the films out of Aztlan with planes that looked awfully similar to Rovers getting shot down regularly in cop shows about drug smugglers and criminals. It was a media war that shaped minds. I know a lot of pilots who won’t fly their Rovers anywhere near the Azzie border and even skirt any airspace that might be extraterritorial for Aztechnology.

Point is, we all love these little planes. We grew up loving them, and they’re all over the place. If you want a walk down memory lane, you can even rent them at a lot of small airports. I use the one in Kankakee, Illinois, in the UCAS, and they have a bunch of affiliates that you can fly to if you’re not in the mood to fly a circle.

- Because Rovers are so common, some smugglers still use them, but smart ones stay away from Aztlan. The author is right about their distrust of this craft. They either search them or shoot them down. Drops can be made all over the NAN and UCAS, though. The Rover even has a pretty easy mod system for ice field and water landing and takeoff. The water system looks funny but does the trick.

- Sounder

- These were almost exclusively American for decades with very few shipping to the other continents, but recently more and more have been finding their way to global markets, much to the chagrin of local small-aircraft manufacturers. Steep discounts and delivery to anywhere have brought about a lot of new customers for this older design.

- Red Anya

- The orders aren’t all for new models. L-C is prowling the secondary market for older models too. Not sure why. Seems very strange to me.

- Rigger X


## Lear-Cessna Rover (fixed wing)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 4 20 30 300 7 1 1 1 4 2 140,000¥
