---
id: DC-0219
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Lear-Cessna Platinum I - (Fixed Wing)
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lear-Cessna Platinum I

## (Fixed Wing)

I love this classic. Even though mine is not so much a classic as an homage to the original in “sleeper” form. I’d say I’m special, but just about everyone who still has a P1 in the hangar has refit to this spec. The biggest variations are the sweet paint jobs over those needle-pointed airframes. They don’t sport all the features and upgrades of the newest models, but I still transport my guests in well-protected luxury.

I personally run one of the last off the line, from back in ’68. So, it’s the newest of the old, but design didn’t change much in its 28-year run. Parts were selling at a premium for a bit, but some old nanoforge schematics dropped in the right hands and now, with enough materials, a whole plane can be built from scratch.

- If you call silk-sheen carpets and calfskin suede seats “luxury,” then these old sky-darts are your bread and butter.

- Bull

- Interior design was one of the first changes made on most, including scrapping that tacky ’40s chic style it was famous for. A few have a retro styling to them, but even that is done with brand-new handcrafted materials.

- Rigger X

- I personally love the smuggler mods. Deco panels that pop and swap. Fake avionics panels and oxygen tanks. You can be sure that anyone hauling in guests is also going to have contraband stuffed everywhere in order to make flying these old beasts worth the price of fuel.

- Turbo Bunny

- Classico Charters, out of Hong Kong, still has one of these for guests. They had a trio, but some underworld trouble put a few too many holes in the other two. Now they keep them in a hangar for spare parts.

- Ma’Fan


## Lear-Cessna Platinum I (fixed wing)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2 25 40 350 8 0 3 2 12 2 600,000¥ **Standard Upgrades:** Amenities (high)
