---
id: DC-0056
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Yamaha Nodachi
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Yamaha Nodachi

When it was first introduced to the combat biker leagues only four years ago, the Nodachi quickly became one of the most popular rides available. So popular, in fact, that it almost supplanted every other model in the league, and for good reason. The Nodachi is a potent combination of toughness, maneuverability, and power. It also features several armored panels and hardpoints for weapons as standard. Many teams (and those who use them in the shadows) owe their victories just as much to the Nodachi’s performance and specs as they do their own skill.

- Except for a few die-hard holdouts, the Nodachi was practically the only bike being used in the entire combat biker league for a few years. Before that, Harley-Davidson’s Scorpion was king of the tracks. Now H-D is getting into the action with the Centaur, which is causing a lot of behind-the-scenes shenanigans and backstabbing within the league as Yamaha and H-D vie for team contracts. It’s almost as interesting as the matches.

- Slamm-O!

- This means more stock Nodachis have been making their way onto the streets. Availability has never been better for them. Between Evo and Harley-Davidson cutting into their market shares, I almost feel sorry for Yamaha.

- Stone

- To the victor go the spoils. That just means Yamaha may be resorting to more unconventional means to get those shares back.

- **>** Pistons
