---
id: DC-0551
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: 'New Contact: Chop Shop Owner'
page: 165
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Contact: Chop Shop Owner

**Uses:** Vehicle and drone parts, getting rid of stolen cars, auto theft jobs, organized crime connections

**Places to Meet:** Garages, dealerships, junkyards **Similar Contacts:** Mechanic, Fence

Need to offload a stolen car? Need a part for a rare import? They can make that happen

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

GAMEfor you. Good with a wrench, but not fixing things, the Chop Shop Owner can have their crew break down a Eurocar to its frame in thirty minutes flat.

Remember, their the one doing you a favor when they take in a stolen car, hot off the street, so don’t expect them to pay you for it. That car and any evidence in it will never bother you again, though. Chop Shop Owners work as intermediaries for organized crime syndicates, destroying evidence as well as making money when the parts they cut out are shipped off to some other part of the metroplex or other city to be sold. Because of this connection, they may be a good intermediary

when it comes to getting in touch with the local Mafia, Yakuza, or other organization.

Chop shops get a steady inflow of vehicles, and new parts are readily available, even for expensive imports that may not be found at the average junkyard. The owner is often willing to sell them to you for the right price, so come on in and talk about what you’re willing to pay.

| chop shop owner | chop shop owner | chop shop owner          |            |            |            |            |              |
| --------------- | --------------- | ------------------------ | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ |
| **B**<br>3      | **A**<br>2      | **R**<br>**S**<br>3<br>3 | **W**<br>2 | **L**<br>3 | **I**<br>3 | **C**<br>3 | **ESS**<br>6 |

**Skills:** Electronics 4, Engineering 5, Firearms 2, Influence 4, Perception 3 **Knowledge Skills:** Vehicles, Police Procedures, Organized Crime, Gangs
