---
id: DC-0263
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: BAE Ajax - (large LAV/tank drone)
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BAE Ajax

## (large LAV/tank drone)

Considered by many to be one of the finest frontline combat drones currently in production, the Ajax is a scaled-down drone version of a main battle tank. Easily identifiable because of its distinctive split-arrowhead shape, the Ajax quickly became a staple with European and Middle Eastern military and mercenary units after its introduction in 2076. Originally designed to augment standard mechanized units, the Ajax proved that it can handle several mission profiles on its own. With a high thrust-to-weight ratio augmented by efficient turbo-vector engines, the Ajax has a slightly higher top speed and flight ceiling than most regular MBTs and drones of its type. Combined with a thick armored skin, the Ajax is able to take a significant amount of damage and can shrug off most small-arms fire. Where the Ajax excels however is its weapon package. Its main weapons mount is located near the drone’s rear in a custom (and proprietary) splitmount configuration. The top half of the mount is rated for small arms and can accommodate up to a light machine gun. The lower section is meant for the drone’s heavy/main weapon. Both mounts can move independently, have a 360-degree firing arc, and can elevate up to forty-five degrees. Rounding out the standard weapons loadout are six dedicated missile/rocket tubes—four facing forward and two facing rearward.

- T-bird jocks working the Middle East/Mediterranean smuggling corridors hate this thing with a fiery passion. The Caliphate likes to use them as border security. One fun trick they use is having Ajaxes bury themselves in the sand for an ambush. Their intake vents have a blow-out feature that clears debris out quite nicely from what I hear. So if you suddenly see a puff of sand, take evasive action, because one of those missiles is now aimed right for your hoop.

- Goat Foot

- Yeah, and that armored hide is no joke, either, but like any vectored-thrust craft, its main weakness is the thrusters. Take a few of those out, and you have a fighting chance.

- **>** Turbo Bunny

- Yeah, but to do that, you typically have to get under the fragging thing. Not something I relish—or recommend trying.

- Cayman


## BAE Ajax (large LAV/Tank drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4 25 25 130 18 16 4 4 — 5 60,000¥

**Standard Equipment:** Ceramic plate armor, milspec armor 1, increased structural integrity 9, standard weapon mount (shared turret, top), heavy weapon mount (shared turret top), missile/rocket tubes (x6)
