---
id: DC-0274
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Cyberspace Designs Halo - (small camera drone)
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cyberspace Designs Halo

## (small camera drone)

Popular with news agencies and independent reporters, the Halo is a flying camera and sensor platform; its name is most likely derived from the circular lift-lift fan attached to the top of the spherical main body. Within that body is a host of top-ofthe-line image and audio recording systems, as well as a powerful communication relay that can cut through most low-level noise with ease. While the base model comes with a limited sensor package, the Halo was also designed with sensor upgrades in mind. Upgrading them is as simple as plugging them in, no tools necessary. The Halo also features four small extendable legs with micro grip-claws that allow it to attach to surfaces or ride on the user’s body. And while the Halo can be operated by standard VR systems, it was also designed with the non-rigger user in mind and features enhanced piloting software as standard. This software offers better AR control, and the audio systems allow for a wide range of voice command options.

- Hello, main target demographic right here. But in all seriousness, this is an invaluable tool for reporters like me. We don’t always have the luxury of having a dedicated camera crew available, and I’ve gotten more of my fair share of data and footage using these. I keep at least three with me at all times, because they tend to attract a lot of unwanted attention.

- Sunshine

- And by that you mean incoming fire.

- /dev/grrl

- They’re not just for reporter-types; the P2.0 influencers and corp-brat party types always seem to have a few of these around recording everything they say and do. This can sometimes provide a gold-mine in paydata.

- Electric Blue




## Cyberspace Designs Halo (small camera drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4 10 10 30 5 0 2 1 — 2 3,000¥ **Standard Upgrade:** Improved stability 1 **Notes:** +1 to all control tests when using VR controls. Sensor upgrades up to two ranks do not require a modification test. Communications array ignores one level of noise.
