---
id: DC-0206
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Goodyear Commuter-47 - (LTAV)
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Goodyear Commuter-47

## (LTAV)

I know, I know, boring, but hear me out. It’s super efficient. It’s common. It’s regularly seen in both metro and rural areas. It’s not very expensive. Sure, it’s not going to win any races or perform some crazy aerial stunts, but if you need something to get you from here to there, this midsize zeppelin deserves a space in your hanger.

I’ve owned several different models over the years, mostly to match how many people I needed to move or to use as a little home away from home. The two-seater design was great for romantic sightseeing with enough space for a little picnic basket. The four-person offered a lot of legroom for passengers but took every bit of cabin space just for that. It was really just a commuter vehicle for my research team to make it out to the dig sites in the back country, so no big deal. I think I personally enjoyed the van model the best. It hauled gear well for the team, and at home I was able to use it to rekindle the spark with some sightseeing and then a nice picnic spread and some private time high above the picturesque landscapes of the Mojave. That was all before I got my latest, and I’ve been enjoying the aerial RV life for a bit now. I’m currently gearing up for a Pacific crossing, but I need to make sure the solar is going to be enough power. It may not look like much, but the Commuter is a great craft hidden in a bland wrapper.

- Every bit of what he said is why smugglers and riggers love these things. They look bland and commonplace, and if they’re seen floating out over the countryside, no one bats an eye.

- Falcon V

- That anonymity is usually all you have though. The design isn’t modular, and it doesn’t customize well. It was never designed for offensive accessories, and its lift balance is easily thrown off by an uneven load.

- 2XL

- Rural patrol officers around the NAN pride themselves on the ability to tell a Commuter that’s been modded by how it flies.

- Canyon Jammer
