---
id: DC-0167
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Maersk Double L-class Ultra-Huge Cargo Ship
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Maersk Double L-class Ultra-Huge Cargo Ship

Our planet is mostly water, as are we. Neither of these facts are particularly surprising when you remember that we owe our existence to the sea, as not only did life evolve in the primordial seas, but it has been our breadbasket and secret to success for centuries. That is still true today as it has ever been, because when you look at our world and what makes it tick, you have to think about how stuff moves. Most people would likely agree that the almighty nuyen is the lifeblood of metahuman society, and while we can do a lot of things through the Matrix, feeding ourselves and constructing our homes and manufacturing the very electronics we need to access the Matrix is not something within the scope of most metahumans in the Sixth World. And what happens when sensible people need something? They trade. Trade is what makes the world function, and maritime trade most of all.

Sure, you’ve got your ultra-large cargo zeppelins, huge cargo planes, and a whole host of other freight transportation options. But none are as vital to the Sixth World as maritime freight transportation. Simply look at what happened to global trade when the VITAS pandemic struck if you doubt me. The sea is completely and utterly vital, so much so that wars have been fought over control of even small stretches of water for centuries. Those who controlled the oceans of the world controlled the world itself, a fact demonstrated admirably by the British Empire way back when.

When it comes to moving freight, it is more efficient to have a smaller number of larger vessels than a lot of smaller ones. This fact led to several other wars, at least two naval arms races, plus a whole host of other strife in metahuman history. But when you boil it down, when it comes to maritime freight transportation, bigger is better. For decades, the largest ocean-going cargo ships were those that could fit through the Panama Canal, and the Panamax (and then Neopanamax after the second phase expansion) standard became the de facto maximum size of vessel you would build.

Ultra-huge cargo ships are the latest iteration of mass maritime freight transport, and the Maersk Double L-class ships are a fine example. Of the ninety-eight (number 100 is scheduled to be launched in the summer of 2082) ships in this class, the vast majority are used as container ships, though some are used for crude oil, natural gas, and bulk transport (aggregate and other raw materials). These vessels conform to the Mega-Max standard, as introduced to the world when the Panama Canal underwent their third phase expansion, and that means they are currently limited in the ports that are able to handle their sheer size. I feel this is one of the reasons Seattle will be so successful as a free city, as the commercial cargo terminal in Everett was the second port on the west coast of continental North America to be so upgraded. As of this writing, that is the only one operational after the port of Los Angeles was nearly destroyed, and it is currently only accessible by Neopanamax vessels (serving Downtown Seattle, Portland, and Tacoma).

The Mega-Max standard means the Double L-class ships have an overall length of 625 meters and a 72-meter beam, with a maximum draft of 26 meters when fully laden. When outfitted for transport of containerized cargo, these ships can hold a massive 35,000 TEU of cargo at a maximum speed of 26 knots, though typically they will not operate more than 20 knots in order to maximize the efficiency of their two electric impeller pods. Power is generated by a pair of small fusion reactors and supplemented by suncell technology. It takes a steady helm with synapses of plasteel to handle a vessel this large, especially when crabbing sideways when coming alongside at a cargo terminal, but Maersk and the other corps don’t seem to lack for skilled helms.

The ship’s complement of thirteen officers and sixty-three crew enjoy a very high standard of living in their personal cabins, thanks to all of the modern conveniences that can be found aboard this class of ship. After all, when you spend years at sea at a time, you need your creature comforts. It is worth noting that Maersk has brought back the old merchant navy tradition of allowing officers and crew to bring their partners/children on board for the duration of the contract, and while



Maersk Double L-class UHCS (ship)

not everyone brings their families, the Double L-class ships have enough berthing space for that to occur.

**==> picture [210 x 40] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Maersk Double L-class UHCS (ship)<br>SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>6 4 8 40 70 12 4 3 19 9 185,389,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Standard Equipment:** Amenities (high), living space (middle) x 31, living space (low) x 78, rigger adaptation, rigger cocoon, suncell
