---
id: DC-0273
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Cyberspace Designs Dragonfly-Alpha - (mini winged drone)
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cyberspace Designs Dragonfly-Alpha

## (mini winged drone)

Designed as a hunter-killer of mini and micro-class drones, the Dragonfly-Alpha is a new variant introduced by Cyberspace Designs last year. Slightly bigger than the original (it comes in just short of being in the small drone category) the Dragonfly-Alpha features the same quad-copter wing arrangement and general design. But the most significant change is the weapons package. The small beak/mouth that the original used to shear wings or vital parts off of target drones is still there, but it has been enhanced by layered rows of monofilament teeth that increase overall damage and armor penetration. Additionally, the Dragonfly-Alpha comes with a pair of grasping/landing claws that allow it to grapple a target drone, making attacks much easier. The most significant upgrade comes as the result of a deal made with Remington that allowed the addition of a modified Remington Roomsweeper heavy pistol for ranged attacks. Mounted on the drone’s underside, this modified Roomsweeper features a four-barrel system (each loaded with one round) that can shoot flechette or heavy pistol rounds and comes standard with a smartgun system that also allows for specific barrel firing. As a result, the Dragonfly-Alpha is more adept at taking out drone targets while also providing limited fire support against metahuman targets.

- The Roomsweeper isn’t exactly known for its range or accuracy. I’ve seen some try to use the Alpha like some air-to-air dogfighter. Don’t. The targeting software just isn’t up for calculating angles of attack during any kind of maneuvering. For the Alpha, the old way is still the best way: latch on and then attack.

- Clockwork

- Still, as small and stealthy as this thing is, that gun makes a decent ambusher. And any time you can throw more lead downrange at an enemy, I call that a good thing.

- Cayman

Cyberspace Designs Dragonfly-Alpha (mini winged drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 3 22 20 40 2 1 3 2 — 3 3,000¥ **Standard Equipment:** Mono-filament beak (DV 4P, 10/—/—/—/—), Remington Roomsweeper [DV 5P, Mode SA, Attack Rating 9/8/4/—/—, 4(m)]
