---
id: DC-0147
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: '> Kane'
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Kane

- Can’t imagine why you’re not tight with Maersk.

- Slamm-0!

- I’ve heard of a shadow team operating out of Vladivostok that specializes in maritime ops, and they’ve somehow managed to get their hands on a Wavecutter. They’ve modified it to be a gunboat as well as their home on the ocean.

- Red Anya

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- My sources tell me they’re all ex-military/corpsec and include two former special forces operators. Some of their jobs are mere whispers of rumors, so ghost knows what they did to get hold of an MPAC.

- Thorn

Maersk Shipyards Wavecutter MPAC (motorboat)

ons to do any real damage. Sure, you can maybe shoot out the windows of the superstructure, and possibly even punch holes in it. But to sink a ship, you need to use weapons of such destructive potential as to be beyond the wildest dreams of the most bloodthirsty street monster. Or get creative, though that usually means getting aboard or in physical contact with the hull, neither of which are usually easy.

**==> picture [210 x 24] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>4 10 25 100 25 20 4 5 12 8(I) 342,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Standard Equipment:** Amenities (low), electronic countermeasures 4, improved economy, increased structural integrity 8, integrated Matrix device (3 x ports), living space (low) x 12, passive stealth features, rigger adaptation, rigger cocoon, suncell, winch (basic) **Special Equipment:** Small craft bay (rear)

**Notes:** The small craft bay can hold one inflatable boat/RIB or two personal watercraft. Launching a small craft is one Major Action by the pilot/ rigger of the Wavecutter, and one Major Action on the part of the pilot of the small craft. To recover the small craft, triple the actions required for launching (3 Major Actions from the rigger, 3 Major Actions of the pilot of the small craft).
