---
id: DC-0269
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Vulcan-Krupp Hollenfaust
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vulcan-Krupp Hollenfaust

(large tracked drone)

A joint Vulcan Systems and Krupp Munitions design, the Hollenfaust, or “Hell’s Fist,” is an armored, frontline combat machine. Built specifically to wade into the middle of heavy combat and dish out damage, the Hollenfaust was designed around its main armament, the brand-new Krupp KrE-25, a railgun that launches 40mm projectiles but has the same specs and damage profile as a round twice that size thanks to its kinetic energy. Capable of both direct or indirect fire, the KrE25 is extremely accurate and highly effective as an anti-armor and vehicle weapon. As of this posting, the KrE-25 is only available as part of the Hollenfaust weapon system, and while powerful, it has three major drawbacks. The first is its limited ammo capacity, currently topped at eight projectiles. Second, the drone’s internal layout needed to facilitate the weapon’s power supply and loading mechanism limits the forward firing arc to only 270 degrees; it cannot fire directly rearward. And third, because the KrE-25 is integral to the drone’s

design, it is extremely difficult for the drone chassis to mount another weapon system. To compensate for the drawbacks in combat, the Hollenfaust features a 360-degree-capable secondary turret atop the main that can mount up to a heavy machine gun. Additionally, anti-infantry blister ports are located on the drone’s flanks to deal with anything attempting to get close. Quad independent tracks allow the Hollenfaust to traverse most rough terrain while still maintaining max combat speed. But while it is durable and features thick armor, the Hollenfaust is also fairly slow when compared with similar drone types.

- There were rumors that this drone was one of many weapons secretly tested during the battle of GiMiTo, when Lowfyr’s minions helped him take care of some family business. The main railgun was said to be particularly effective against dragons, or at least the younger ones. At least, that’s what I’ve heard.

- Electric Blue

- Perhaps, but this drone and its fancy new gun have become a bit of a hot commodity on the black markets. Everyone wants one, but there are so few available. Those who manage to get one are very loath to part with them.

- Red Anya

- One of S-K’s sponsored teams has been hinting at something “new and lethal” they plan on debuting at next season’s Desert Wars. Is this what they’re hinting at?

- X-Prime

- I’ve seen some smuggled live-fire test footage from an S-K facility. It shows the Hollenfaust utterly destroying three Steel Lynxes like they were nothing.

- Kane

- Saw that footage, too. But the Lynxes were stationary targets. In a real fight, you better believe they’d be moving and shooting back.

- **>** Clockwork
