---
id: DC-0170
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Submersibles
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Submersibles

Metahumanity has explored more of the universe outside the atmosphere of our planet than we have beneath the surface of our oceans. If we wish to change that, submersibles are what we will need, at least initially.

A submersible is a vessel capable of operating submerged under the water, but unlike a submarine (I’ll get to them shortly), submersibles are not intended to operate independently; they need to come back to the surface, either to a tender or surface base, or a parent submarine/aquacology. However, submersibles trade long duration operation for some specialized capabilities. For example, the only types of vessels that have reached the very bottom of the oceans are submersibles, and there are some handy-dandy models for other specific purposes.

Almost without exception, submersibles rely on batteries and electric motors to operate, and the crew either need to bring their own air supply (socalled “wet” submersibles) or use stored air and CO2 scrubbers (“dry” submersibles that maintain the same atmospheric pressure as at the surface). There are exceptions, of course; those with implanted or metagenic gills find wet submersibles positively lush. As long as they can withstand the bone-chilling temperatures at depth and allow themselves time to equalize on the ascent and descent, wet submersibles could be the key to the next great leap in underwater exploration.

There are submersibles that maintain the inside atmosphere at the same ambient pressure as the water around the vessel, but these are generally used for long-term work crews, such as welders and Matrix repair specialists, who work on undersea cables/pipes for a few weeks and then spend a few months decompressing to surface pressures. As such, most mariners do not consider these vessels when we talk of submersibles. Spending four months twiddling my thumbs while decompressing is not my idea of a cruise.
