---
id: DC-0290
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Marine Technologies Sea Snake (small submersible drone)
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Marine Technologies Sea Snake (small submersible drone)

alize that even with modern materials, the mechanical tentacles were prone to premature wear and tear. Proteus quickly devised a relatively low-cost solution by adding retractable micro water-jets to the main body for long-distance travel. This lowered the wear on the tentacles and increased their overall usability by over fifty percent. All previously produced models were brought up to these specs, and the modifications were added to all new production models. Called the Krake II (mostly for PR purposes), this submersible drone is used for a wide variety of tasks. In addition to providing propulsion, each tentacle has a tool mount at the end for repair and light salvage operations. The Krake II is also an adequate security drone. It’s small enough to hide in most aquatic environments, and its senor package allows it to detect intruders with sufficient accuracy. In addition to cutting weapons that can be added to the limbs, the Krake II retains the four-shot micro-torpedo launcher and ECM-Ink dispenser found in the previous model. In addition to creating a dark underwater cloud that foils visuals, the ink also contains sonar and electronic countering materials that disperse up to five meters.

- Make sure that you do regular maintenance on those squiddyparts, because they still have a tendency to give out if you become lax.

- Sounder
