---
id: DC-0289
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Aquatic Drones Marine Technologies Sea Snake
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aquatic Drones Marine Technologies Sea Snake

(small submersible drone)

Developed in conjunction with fellow Aztechnology subsidiary Hawker-Siddley, the Sea Snake is a dedicated underwater attack drone that has roughly the same general dimensions as the North American cottonmouth. Known to be extremely fast and maneuverable underwater, the Sea Snake can also twist its body, allowing it to redirect its attack in any number of extreme angles. It also features a skin with a programmable camouflage option that allows it to better blend into its environment. Where the Sea Snake truly excels is its ability to attack and neutralize enemy drones or underwater adversaries. Like cottonmouths, the



Sea Snake has rows of injector teeth in its mechanical jaw that are connected to a toxin reservoir that can be loaded with any number of chemical concoctions for use against metahuman targets. The Sea Snake utilizes two distinct methods of attacking targets. The first is a retractable mono-filament tipped drill bit that is employed after a Sea Snake successfully attaches its jaws on a target. The drill bit then burrows into the target drone’s systems until the drone is neutralized. This attack method is just as effective on metahumans. The second is the classic constriction method used by land-based snakes. Although more often than not, this attack method is used to subdue or maintain hold on a target.

- I’ve used the Sea Snake numerous times when I’ve had to operate in waterways as security and bodyguard. They had no problem wrapping around my waist or torso until I needed them. Mine even engaged another Sea Snake, alerting me and taking it out before it could do any damage.

- Thorn

- I like them when they’re on my side, hate when I have to go against them. I saw firsthand what that drill bit can do to a metahuman skull. Also, the snake does a damn good job taking out oxygen tanks.

- Kane

- Fair warning to all: Maersk received a larger order of these last week, likely in response to Wuxing’s continuous efforts to mess with their ports with their own drones. But this is only one part of a larger security upgrade. Unfortunately, I don’t have any further details.

- Red Anya
