---
id: DC-0542
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: The Price of Doing it Yourself
page: 165
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Price of Doing it Yourself

So, you want to do the work yourself do you? Try to save a few Nuyen in the process? It’s a nice goal if you have the skills to back it up.

You’ve run diagnostics on your vehicle (or drone), and you’ve got a place to do your work. Assuming all goes well, and you’re able to find the parts, you can get to working on it. Doing it yourself gives a discount to your labor in exchange for the time you’re going to spend repairing the machine. By working on this yourself, you reduce the cost per box of repair to 5 percent by purchasing the spare parts needed on your own (see **Parts is Part?** , p. 162). Whether you get it from a skillsoft or simply good old-fashioned learning, knowing your way around your machines is key to keeping them running.

When you are ready to perform the repairs on a damaged vehicle or drone, make an Engineering + Logic Extended test, using the standard Build/ Repair thresholds and intervals (p. 95, _SR6_ ). Damage 3 boxes and under is Straightforward, damage between 4–6 boxes is Complicated, and all damage over 6 boxes is Extensive.

Should a glitch on the Engineering test occur, you are successful at putting the vehicle or drone back together, but it develops some sort of permanent tic like squealing belts, black smoke exhaust, servos that jam and shriek, or something similar.
