---
id: DC-0112
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: BMW Super-Bug (experimental gyro-car)
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BMW Super-Bug (experimental gyro-car)

**==> picture [210 x 23] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>1/1 15 20 160 8 6 5 5 2 9 1,500,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Standard Equipment:** Rigger adaptation **Notes:** When making evasive maneuvers, incorporate the Wild Die in all control/handling tests. For customization purposes, consider the SB to be a standard car.

- I recommend not taking the Rocket off-road unless the minitreads are attached. Skate wheels tend to rip off, and the spheres gum up way too quickly. Either one will put you face-first (or worse) in the ground before you know it. I know this from firsthand experience. Otherwise, it’s a great way to get around!

- Electric Blue

- Be careful with the foot braces, because remember, the metahuman body can only take so much torque before tendons rip and bones snap. And don’t get me started on falling trauma.

- Butch

- Jeez, you and Johnny sound like my mother!

- Electric Blue

- Someone needs to. Anyway, these things are also becoming popular with—you guessed it—go-gangs. The 695 Slayers from Detroit give these to their pledges until they can earn their ride (stealing, killing the previous owner, the usual MOs) or tow riders behind a heavier vehicle, using them as a sort of shock trooper. This drek reminds me of some of those post-apocalyptic flat-vids. And not in a good way.

- Johnny Redline
