---
id: DC-0094
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Military/Security Vehicles - Ares Army-Master
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Military/Security Vehicles

## Ares Army-Master

Ares has been milking their “Master” line of vehicles for almost three decades now, and they still haven’t found a variant they couldn’t sell. Their newest cash-grab variant is known as the Army-Master, a half-track-style armored personnel carrier (APC) marketed toward security, mercenary, and regular military forces. At a price significantly lower than similar vehicles in its class, while it lacks creative naming (it likely tested well in focus groups), the Army-Master is a solid performer in all respects. Ares was frugal when designing the Army-Master by using commonly available materials and parts, but they didn’t skimp on performance. Able to carry up to twenty fully armed troops, the Army-Master can operate in just about any climate and terrain on the planet with a few field modifications. It comes standard with heavy armor that can easily repel most small arms fire while under-chassis sloped-armor panels deflect most of the destructive energy from ground-level fire or improvised explosive devices. Three armored doors (left, right, and rear) allow for quick passenger entry and egress. The rear door is dual-hinged, meaning it can be opened either to the left or right side of the APC, giving just another bit of protection while disembarking. For defense, the Army-Master comes with two weapon mounts, one standard integrated turret on the APC’s front right, the other on a 360-degree heavy weapon turret on top and just aft of the driver compartment. If the passengers need to get involved, they can use six closable “kill slots” to employ their weapons.

- Ares had been quietly selling the Army-Master to select clients since about 2075, but it wasn’t until the dust-up in Detroit that it saw widespread use by Ares corporate military forces. Against conventional forces, the A-Master (as it’s more often called by the grunts who operate or ride in it) is indeed a solid performer in all respects. It can take a decent hit and at least keep its passengers safe for a while if the engine is taken out. But warfare in the Sixth World is anything but conventional at times. And in Detroit, there were times the bugs were able to adapt and easily neutralize the A-Master.

- Picador
