---
id: DC-0210
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GTI Devotee Mk.1 - aka SkyCarrier
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GTI Devotee Mk.1

## aka SkyCarrier

(GravDrive)

Look up in the sky … oh wait, you can’t see anything because it’s barely still in the atmosphere. That must be the Devotee! I was the guy who posted on the Devout, and it was fun to fly. I didn’t get to fly the Devotee, just lived on one for six months or so. It was… interesting, to say the least.

- A few of the early models are still floating over spots around Azania. They’ve got a little security but nothing like the real things. Great spot to get some shots of the tech, especially if they’re as partially completed as this guy says.

The Devotee was designed with the same gravity tech as other GTI craft while also being designed in parallel with the Devout as a carrier and housing for pilots and support staff. It started out at low altitudes, and it was a pretty bleak sight. It had tons of exposed wiring, unfinished sections, and incomplete design points where they were planning adjustments for when the craft started testing higher and higher. A couple of those early designs and test models are still out there, but once a finalized model was set, I settled in for my stay— and it wasn’t half bad.

- Bounder

- There are rumors these are going to be used as armed groundto-space cargo haulers. Another alternative to the mass driver and space elevators. Expect corporate shenanigans coming out of that issue as well. Competition is growing.

- Orbital DK

The central housing hub isn’t fancy, but it has all the necessary living amenities for one full flight crew, including 32 pilots for the 32 Devouts this thing can haul, and eighteen support crew. It’s tight quarters, but shifts are blocked off, and staff aren’t supposed to wander outside of shift hours, but we found ways to socialize and entertain outside of normal shifts. It got tough when altitudes went up,
