---
id: DC-0220
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Lear-Cessna Platinum X - (Fixed Wing)
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lear-Cessna Platinum X

## (Fixed Wing)

Using the classic moniker and a similar superstructure make the Platinum X unmistakable and worthy of its noble heritage. I’m not a racer or a runner, but I have the privilege of flying one of these on a regular basis. Top-of-the-line avionics, next-generation countermeasures, top-tier luxury, and a slew of other premier amenities. If you manage a chance to fly one, or even to just get a few moments to look around inside, take it. You will see exactly how the other half lives and maybe gain a tiny bit more understanding why you, and the billions like you, slave away in order for the elite few to fly around in things like this.

- The Platinum X had a major security breach early in its career. Someone disseminated a frequency code used by all of the countermeasure systems. A half dozen of them went down over the course of a few weeks before someone realized what happened. That breach got patched, but where there’s one, there may be more, and the streets are going after that paydata. The people who travel on these are always premier targets. Just remember: If you grab an exec, be kind to the crew, especially the pilots, as our poster is just a trained monkey in a fancierlooking suit.

- Glitch



- I’m sorry if you got the impression I rigged from the cockpit. No way. The suits in the cockpit are usually security. I’m either in a rigger pod in the cargo area or running remote from a pod on the dirt. Didn’t want anyone to get some wrong impression.

- Charioteer

- Any chance you know who made that first breach? I’d love to buy them a drink.

- Bull

  - Funny he mentions the rental and affiliates, because I know some riggers who run races between Rovers and street rods. The cars and bikes have a way better top end, but the Rover gets the straight course. Quite a sight to see a Rover and a chromed-up Phoenix lined up and launch from a tarmac. You can usually tell the end of the race by the start. If the Rover goes wheels up before the street rod clears the airport, the Rover usually takes it. If not, the street rod is usually parked at the end of the landing strip when the Rover comes in.

  - Turbo Bunny

- I might know them. They’re not the gloryhound type. Happy to just strike a blow for the little man.

- Glitch


## Lear-Cessna Platinum X (fixed wing)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 4 40 60 700 8 2 3 3 12 3 2,400,000¥

**Standard Upgrades:** Amenities (luxury), life safety system (1), rigger interface
