---
id: DC-0186
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Ares Dakota War-Eagle - (Fixed-Wing)
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Dakota War-Eagle

## (Fixed-Wing)

You’ll never feel more powerful than when you slowly roll over an enemy airstrip, incoming fire bouncing off all the important bits of your plane, while you open up the side panel on a modded Dakota and rain down hell.

That’s not the norm for most Dakota jocks, but I know my audience here and if you want a deadly sleeper, get a Dakota and check out the mod guides offered by Sir Rigs-a-Lot. His instructions armor up the engines, control surfaces, and cockpit along with channels for wiring so that the Dakota War-Eagle (nickname given by the pilots as it’s not a full production model) can get shot all to drek and still fly like nothing’s wrong. My merc unit used several of these during the Az-Am conflict. They came in looking like docile cargo transports, got a twenty-four-hour refit, and then went to work keeping Azzie airpower on the ground.

As a cargo hauler, they’re decent even though they’re extremely slow in the air. They’ve got a solid excess of power on the ground for cargo loads and short field take-offs, so they get used in remote areas, which is also why the landing gear is so bulky. It’s quite the thrill to jam a hard landing on a short strip in the Andes where a long tumble into a deep crevasse is the reward for missing your mark.

- Ares uses these all over the world and across most of their divisions and subsids. KE has a few for hauling all the parts of a remote command center out to the edges of the world when drek goes down.

- Sticks

- Since they’re so common, smugglers and syndicates use them a lot, usually painted to look like someone they’re not, like KE, Ares, Russian military, etc.

- Red Anya

- Tick-Tock

- Careful on the re-use without a proper tech inspection. I’ve seen systems fold back into place only to have small stress fractures snap on the next deployment. Not something you want to discover a thousand meters or more above the ground.

- **>** Turbo Bunny
