---
id: DC-0272
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Aerodesign Systems AEW-03 Screamer
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aerodesign Systems AEW-03 Screamer

(mini balloon drone)

The Screamer is a semi-disposable electronic warfare drone most often used by aircraft crews to supplement their onboard ECM systems. When deployed, the Screamer lives up to its name and uses its powerful jamming systems to disrupt communication, wireless, and radar signals in an area with a radius of up to five hundred meters (though its effect lessens every 100 meters). It can also be used as a quick observation unit in emergencies. A cylinder approximately fifteen centimeters long, the Screamer is the same size as a standard chaff canister. When used in its ECM role on an aircraft, the Screamer can be loaded and deployed from a standard chaff dispenser. In addition to a standard small aerial drone rack, the Screamer can be deployed from a standard rocket launcher tube or simply thrown into the air. After that, the drone is at the mercy of the prevailing winds. It has barely any means of propulsion, only a small micro-fan to keep it stable after the rocket motor is used. The Screamer has three main components: a micro-rocket motor that will launch it from a dispenser or rocket tube, the main jamming unit in the middle, and a balloon end that opens up after deployment. A central battery in the drone’s middle has enough power to keep it broadcasting and aloft for approximately one hour. However, all it can do is float in the air; the Screamer has no means of locomotion other than the single-use rocket motor. If the drone is recovered, all that’s required to bring it back to full operation is a battery recharge and replacement motor.

- This was originally designed for aircraft, but it’s good for fragging with anyone, anytime, anywhere. I always keep a couple of these handy as a last ditch get-the-frag-out-of-here plan.

- Turbo Bunny

- Or for when you just want to annoy the drek out of your neighbors. But you can also deploy them ahead of time and

SPIES, SNIPERS, ANDleave them inactive. It’s a nasty surprise for any rigger when a bunch of these suddenly go off, even better if you spread them out over several kilometers.

- And that beak and new teeth make it a decent threat to even medium-sized drones.

- Sounder

**>** Kane

- Just make sure if you’re going to toss one, remove the rocket motor first or point it away from your body. Ask me how I know.

- **>** X-Prime

Aerodesign Systems Screamer (mini balloon drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4 1 1 1 4 0 1 4 — 4 4,500¥ **Standard Upgrade:** ECM 4 **Notes:** Jammer is considered rating 5, creates 5 noise for 1 hour.
