---
id: DC-0102
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GMC Chariot
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GMC Chariot

It goes without saying that drones have become an integral part of modern warfare. But like any weapon, they need a certain amount of logistics and control to be effective. The Chariot was purpose-built to act as a ground-based drone carrier and drone operations hub, and to provide field repairs as needed for either small- or large-scale operations. It’s worth noting that the Chariot is _not_ a frontline combat vehicle, but rather a force multiplier kept behind the lines. Aesthetically, the Chariot looks like an armored box with eight wheels, covered with hatches and communications arrays. The forward main cabin area holds six “pilot stations” for individual riggers, complete with their own RCCs. These allow the pilot riggers to command or assume direct control of any drone linked to the Chariot. Any of these riggers can also assume command of the vehicle itself, but the Chariot typically has one dedicated driver and mechanic assigned to operate the carrier itself or provide drone maintenance. The Chariot’s middle contains a small repair station and armory, while the rear half is dedicated to nothing but drone racks, both ground and aerial. These racks are modular and can be easily swapped out in the field. Because it’s not a frontline combat vehicle, the Chariot carries next to no weaponry, relying instead on its drones and bleeding-edge sensor suites for early enemy detection and defense.

- If you can get past the small armada of drones it carries, the Chariot itself is an easy target. But note the word **if** .

- Cayman

- Yeah, a rigger can configure this in so many ways you’ll never know what you may be facing. Is it packing a bunch of surveillance drones, or are you walking into the path of several combat drones loaded with machine guns or rockets? Just the thought of being in command of one of these things gets me going.

- Clockwork

- In most armies or merc units with enough cred to operate them, Chariots at the company level and above tend to specialize in one kind of mission profile. Some are recon/observation, some are electronic warfare, while others are heavy fire support. Best to figure out which before you start messing with one.

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Picador
