---
id: DC-0015
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: zen & the art of vehicle maintenance - posted By Papa Jazz
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## zen & the art of vehicle maintenance

## posted By Papa Jazz

- For years, any shadow team without a rigger was just plain wrong. With the advent of the wireless Matrix, that changed— hackers like myself now had access to the airwaves, and we soon dominated, as we could do what riggers did almost as well, and we could eat most riggers for lunch. Things are changing now, and riggers are becoming more and more essential. To give a taste of the good old days, what was, and what is, I reached out to an old friend. Papa Jazz is as old school as they come and a true rigger savant. When he talks, I listen. I suggest you all do as well.

- Bull

- His Orkness ain’t wrong! I’ve known Papa Jazz for many years, even served together for a while—hell, he gave me my first introduction to the shadows. He’s still one of my go-to contacts, especially for multi-rigger jobs.

- Legion

- As a little background, Papa Jazz (a.k.a. CW5 Gary Lambert) is currently serving with the Eleventh Independent Armored Cavalry Brigade, the “Steel Storm,” as a senior technical instructor in their training battalion while he recuperates from wounds sustained during his last tour of Desert Wars. I’m sure he’ll be back in the saddle soon, though. Papa Jazz was born to rig!

- **>** Picador

All right, ladies, Bull asked me to tell you fine folks about the life of a rigger—specifically, and I quote, “why are you fraggers necessary?”

I figure I’ll tell you a little about my life and how riggers have evolved over the decades, because we’re coming full circle now that the rigging world has finally caught up with the wireless Matrix. We’ve still a ways to go, but we’re getting back to where we were in the 2060s.

But first, a public safety announcement: If you ain’t got a vehicle control rig (or are one of them technoriggers), then you ain’t no rigger! Plain and simple. You’re a _driver_ , an occasionally useful poorexcuse for a rigger. I don’t care if you’re in VR using your deck to fake it, or you’re jacked in using AR controls, or you’ve gone full throwback and are doing it all with your meat. Ain’t a single one of you any use behind the wheel when it really counts. So the next fragface I see call themselves a rigger when they ain’t got a rig is going to get a Glaswegian kiss to the chops, and a matte black chrome knee to the groin.

- Specialists gonna specialize.

- **>** X-Prime


few months, but I was finally able to get out of the CZ by joining up. Not many recruits showed up to the army recruitment office with anything more than a datajack in them days, so showing up with a vehicle control rig was a pleasant surprise for the recruiter. So much so that he ignored the fact that I was blatantly underage and SINless— something which is much less common nowadays than it was in the ’40s—and fast tracked me for armor. I was tickled pink—I was going to _be_ a tank! A fucking _tank_ !
