---
id: DC-0609
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Crossfire - (Defense Test)
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crossfire

## (Defense Test)

This Edge Action must be declared before making a defense test to avoid an attack against a vehicle that you are piloting. You draw fire towards another target while narrowly evading an attack against yourself. Choose another target within Close or Near range of your vehicle. Any net hits on your defense test count as hits against your chosen target instead. Your target gets a Defense test to avoid the incoming fire, but they may not gain or spend Edge on it. The base damage of the attack is exactly the same as the attack against you, as are any effects related to the attack.

_Example:_ Johnny Redline is being chased by a pair of go-gangers. Two of them are right on his tail, within close range. One of them takes a shot at him with the flamethrower mounted on the front of his bike, but Johnny is sitting on plenty of Edge. He decides to go for a Crossfire action, chooses the other ganger at Close range as his target, and spends 5 Edge. He gets 3 net hits on his Defense test, so when he hits the brakes and swerves to the side to avoid the stream of fire, he manages to angle the incoming line of fire into the path of the other ganger. The surprised ganger only gets 2 hits on a Defense test, which leaves one net hit. Instead of Johnny’s ride going up in flames, one of his antagonists gets to feel the burn. They’ll take damage from the flamethrower, with +1 DV due to the net hit.

**Cost:** 6 Edge
