---
id: DC-0105
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GMC Trooper GPMV
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GMC Trooper GPMV

For decades, GMC dominated a nice little niche of the military vehicle market with its MPUV, a general-purpose military vehicle. That was until other vehicles such as the Jeep Trailblazer started offering military/security upgrade packages, which cut deep into GMC’s profit margins. In response, they introduced the Trooper, an upgrade of the MPUV but now featuring a multi-fuel/electric engine. Labeled as a “general purpose military vehicle,” the Trooper started retaking its place of prominence within military and mercenary units. Unlike other civilian vehicles that are later modified for combat or support roles, the Trooper comes “battle-ready right off the assembly line” (according to GMC marketing) and features rigger controls, weapon mounts, a solar recharger, and advanced sensors standard. Highly adaptable, the Trooper is used in a wide variety of roles, the most common being recon, combat patrol, fire support/artillery spotting, and light attack. Its armored sides can take a reasonable amount of punishment, but it’s best to use the Trooper’s speed and maneuverability to avoid heavy combat. Still, the Trooper is quickly proving its worth as a utility combat vehicle.

- There’s a fair amount of debate on which is better, the Trooper or any number of truck designs that can be brought up to milspec quality such as the Trailblazer. Because let’s face it, riggers are very good at turning their street machines into something that would make most military commanders drool.

- **>** Turbo Bunny

- Kind of wondering why most militaries or merc units don’t go this route and mod the drek out of their rides.

- **>** Treadle

- Many reasons, but ultimately it comes down to money and logistics. Conducting warfare is expensive, and unless you’re an AAA-rated corp, you have to make each cred count and can’t always afford to buy the top-of-the-line, high-performance stuff. Custom-modified vehicles cost more and are more difficult to maintain in the field. It’s more efficient and cost effective to get off-the-shelf spare parts, fuel, and ammo in bulk. There’s a reason most units try to have as much of their weapons, gear, and vehicles as standard across the unit as possible. The Trooper holds true to this idea. And while its sales pitch may sound cringe-worthy to most, in reality it’s a significant benefit to warfighters.
