---
id: DC-0124
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: BAE Systems Atlantic/Pacific 28
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BAE Systems Atlantic/Pacific 28

Most people know of Zodiac’s presence in the rigid inflatable boat (RIB) market, but the other big name is still the original inventors—BAE Systems (a subsidiary of Saeder-Krupp). RIBs vary from four to nine meters in length, though some much bigger craft—up to twenty meters long—are not unheard of.

The difference between the Pacific and Atlantic models is their drive system. The Atlantic uses outboard motors, usually electric waterjet engines, though some legacy diesel propeller variants are still seen around the world, while the Pacific utilizes an inboard waterjet propulsion system. Both types are exceptionally durable, hard to sink, and faster than the majority of craft this size.

The 28 series is BAE Systems’ newest model, hitting the market in 2079, and this nine-meterlong craft has already won several plaudits and industry awards. This is partly due to the UK, UCAS, CAS, and Quebec (as well as several megacorps and smaller nations) awarding BAE contracts to replace their aging Zodiac RIBs with 28s.

One of the reasons for the exceptional durability of the Pacific/Atlantic 28 is the fact that SK worked with the British Royal National Lifeboat Institute to make the “perfect seaborne guardian of life.” Many in the industry thought this a good



BAE Systems Atlantic/Pacific 28

omen, as the RNLI had a very significant hand in the invention of RIBs in the first place, and it looks like it paid off.

- The H-class lifeboats are Atlantic 28s, and can be seen saving lives all around our coast, as well as lakes and rivers. Angels wear Yellow Wellies and drive Atlantic 28s.

- eRic

- The Pacific 28 is the model usually found in service with navies and security forces. Unlike inflatable boats, RIBs can be mounted with weapons, usually to support the troops they carry. I’ve several on order myself, though S-K are currently backed up on orders.

- Kane
