---
id: DC-0299
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Anthroform Drones - Mitsuhama Automatronics Bust-A-Move and Friends
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Anthroform Drones

## Mitsuhama Automatronics Bust-A-Move and Friends

(small anthro drone)

Introduced almost a decade ago, the first Busta-Move represented one of the earliest examples of anthrodrone technology. Cutting edge at the time, the Bust-a-Move was basically intended as nothing more than an expensive child’s toy. But the drone gained infamy in 2071 when it was discovered that the basic firewall was susceptible to hacking. Once

the hottest toy out there, it was quickly recalled when they were reprogrammed to spy on their owners and assist in the commission of crimes. Normally such incidents would tank a product line, but demand for the drone actually increased to fever-pitch levels by the mid ’70s. It didn’t take MCT long to upgrade the security software (barely) and put “Busta” back on the toy shelves. In early 2078, MCT announced that a new line of Bust-A-Move drones would soon be in production by subsidiary MCT Automatronics in conjunction with a new sim-series produced by MCT subsidiary Sakura Studios. The new series, called Bust-AMove and Friends Super Adventure Hour, would feature “Busta” (the hip everyman) as he moves to the fictional Rainbow City and meets a whole new cast of friends who share his (mis)adventures in his new hometown. The new characters include neighbor Mumsy (a mummy gardener who gives flowers to all her friends), Rokko (a lovable tough guy rhino and thinly veiled troll stereotype who isn’t too bright and loves to sing karaoke), Z-Dude (a robot who is perplexed by metahuman behavior and serves as comic relief), Lil Muffin (a sentient blueberry muffin who likes hugs), Tumbla (an athletic bear and sports freak, also Busta’s hinted love interest), Posey (a raccoon, a shy character who is an extremely competitive gamer), Panda Brown (a brown panda, thinly veiled ork stereotype who is very “street,” and the nominal antagonist), Lexington (some kind of lizard/dinosaur-looking thing and all-around genius used to “teach” kids), and Angerface (a red, blocky, humanoid thing with anger issues and Panda Brown’s right hand who secretly just wants to be accepted). The new drone line released earlier this year features the same basic drone chassis and specs but all different skins to match a specific character. The only difference is a “personality program” that will interact with the user and is based on the personality of a specific character. Each character also comes with a host of add-on accessories and outfits for customization. The drones themselves are fairly mundane, able to walk close to normal metahuman walking speeds with a reasonable amount of dexterity and strength comparable to their frame. Their hands can also manipulate most mundane items and tools (and yes, weapons). They also feature a standard sound system and recording device, and a small storage compartment in the abdomen for personal items. And like any other antrhodrone, the Friends can be controlled by standard commlinks and modified to suit the specific user. As of this posting, the Friends line are among the most sought-after toys/drones currently in production.

- Normally I’d ask why something so stupid would be mentioned here. But then I remember an old rigger associate who liked to arm his Bustas with Ceska machine pistols and send them in waves at adversaries, all while old song “Teddy Bear Picnic”

SPIES, SNIPERS, ANDplayed over their external speakers. And yeah, if you think that’s bad, you should see the other ways some sick fraggers are already modifying these things.

command is given. While adequate for everyday tasks, the Butler is slow and has no armor, making it relatively ill-suited for anything combat related.

**>** /dev/grrl

- And yet, there will be those who will try, just because.

- Oh, I know. The principal one of my teams was guarding had their kid’s Lil Muffin compromised; someone somehow managed to get a gas/stun grenade installed in it. Thankfully, our chemsniffer found it, and I tossed the damn thing out the window and under the tires of a semi before it went off. Kid hated me, but the client gave us a bonus—not sure if it was because we found the grenade or they just couldn’t stand that annoying-ass drone anymore.

- 0rkCE0

- Some Friends have also been secretly modified as security units. Some are detection-units used in facilities or warehouses, others keep track of high-value children. A few are even designed as a last-ditch defensive measure with hidden less-than-lethal weapons.

- DangerSensei

- Another thing, these are so popular that some variants are going for good nuyen on the black markets. In some areas, they go for 250 percent markup. Getting a shipment of them is almost a run in itself. Speaking of, I’d be willing to pay good cred for a “Lexington in Lab Coat.” My niece’s birthday is in three weeks …

- Red Anya

Mitsuhama Automatronics Bust-A-Move and Friends (small anthro drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4/4 2 5 6 2 0 3 2 1 2 2,500¥ **Standard Equipment:** Anthroform cyberlimbs (Strength 1)
