---
id: DC-0032
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Driving the Bus
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Driving the Bus

I’ll start off with the most common role most shadow denizens associate with a rigger: driving the car. Obviously, we’re far better than everyone else at doing this, because it’s quite literally what our chrome was designed for—to not just control the car, but to _be_ the car. Hot pickups and highspeed getaways are null sheen when it comes to any rigger worth a damn, but what many people don’t realize is we can be _sneaky_ too. Thanks to how ASIST interfaces vehicles with our brains, we can tiptoe inside a three-ton car just as well as most sneakybois can tiptoe around the corridors of a corporate facility. Plus, we can operate the guns and other drek we often shove into our rides, all as easily as one might hold in a fart. And don’t think we don’t customize the drek out of our vehicles, because we all have our unique ways of doing things, and very few stock vehicles will suit everyone. So we mod them, and no two riggers do so the same way.

Busses aren’t just the team van or getaway car, though. I’m sure many have been to the parts of sprawls with lower security ratings—I’m looking at you E-zones and Z-zones—and have seen the decay and desolation. Just the memory of some of the roads in many E-zones makes me shiver, and I try to never think about barrens roads. Plus, the lawlessness and flagrant disregard for personal safety that are prevalent in such areas means you rarely want to travel on foot if you can avoid it.

In these situations, or in spots where you have to move fast or cover long distances, you want to hire a battle taxi. Also known as barrens taxies in some sprawls, these heavily modified vehicles are designed to handle the rough roads (which never have working GridGuide) and the rougher inhabitants. A good friend of mine plies her trade in Leith (a large barrens area of Scotsprawl) and makes bank in her customized Landie; the damn thing is an off-road stalwart as one would expect of Land Rovers, but it’s a proverbial tank to boot.

- Papa Jazz is referring to Stephie Short, one of the best troll riggers I’ve ever met. She’s my go-to for getting around Scotsprawl in general, Leith in particular.

- Traveler Jones

I’m going to mention coyotes here, because a coyote does this sort of thing across borders. They’re all experts in their chosen area, and while not all of them are riggers, it’s more common than most shadowrunners would think. Especially for those more secure borders, where our chrome gives us such a massive edge over everyone else, and our expertise with electronic warfare makes us almost peerless (I’m looking at you, Aztlan/CAS border). Coyotes often act as battle taxies, and vice versa, so having one on speed dial can really save your bacon.
