---
id: DC-0264
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Esprit Iron Scorpion - (large tracked drone)
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Esprit Iron Scorpion

## (large tracked drone)

Despite its fearsome name, the Iron Scorpion is actually a combat engineering drone, although it can be modified for light combat or other support roles if needed. A large tracked drone, it has (as its name suggests) the basic shape of a scorpion. The large head contains a multitude of sensors, audio-visual arrays, and even chem-sniffers. This gives the operator a wide spectrum of information sources to work from. Its two clawed hands can be used to grasp and manipulate large objects, but they also house a number of optional attached tools (saws, blades, torches, cutters, smaller vice grips, ratchets, etc.) or fine manipulation hands. In addition to these, the claws also feature custom tactile sensors that give the operator an accurate sense of touch thanks to special simsense software packages. Each of its six armored legs ends in a triangular tread assembly, making it very maneuverable and mobile. And like the claws, the Iron Scorpion’s armored tail can be fitted with any number of tool attachments. In combat situations, howevr, the tail is often used as a defensive weapon mount. The tail is also completely omni-directional, able to fully extend up to three meters, and like the claws can lift objects up to 275 kg.

- One of the Iron Scorpion’s most popular missions is as a minesweeper and EOD drone; detecting and taking care of hidden or improvised explosive devices. It gets a lot of work clearing paths for advancing forces or cleaning up after massive battles. That is when (or if) the corps or nations actually care about civilian casualties due to leftover or unexploded ordnance. Also does a half-decent job lugging equipment around when not on combat ops.

- Picador

- Hey, anyone know more about these being used in underground drone fighting rings? I did a job last year, and part of the legwork took me to one. It looked like something out of a simsense game. And let me tell you, there was no

- “fine manipulation” anything on those things. It was all armor,
