---
id: DC-0202
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Fiat-Fokker Cloud Nine - (Fixed Wing)
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fiat-Fokker Cloud Nine

## (Fixed Wing)

Freedom. It’s why we fly. Not just the freedom of the skies where we flit among the birds in a place man was not designed to be, but the freedom to go where we choose, when we choose, and how we choose.

Those were the lessons I learned from the Cloud Nine. I was born and raised in a small town in central Illinois where I watched my state die after its



cash cow collapsed. I never thought I would see beyond the boarded-up downtown strip of my crumbling high school, but I took a chance with a job as a hand on a Maersk freighter out of Boston and haven’t looked back. One of my fellow sailors was an old salt who took a shining to my simple Midwestern attitude, and when we were between transports, he would give me lessons on his Cloud Nine. We sailed together for six years when he was killed in an incident on the ship, and much to my surprise, the Cloud Nine and everything else he owned was left to me. I took advantage of the craft and the cash to take a short break from crewing and started my life of exploration and freedom. The Cloud Nine’s ability to land anywhere meant I could enjoy remote explorations as long as I had a smallish pond to land on. I’ve traveled the world via the Cloud Nine and Maersk freighters, and I wouldn’t trade the former for all the gold in Fort Knox.

- Smugglers love the C9. As it was originally intended as a personal travel craft, it has a bunch of cargo space for luggage. Smugglers have come up with some creative methods for hiding less-than-legal cargo in it. At least one I know has a drop door that can dump the cargo in mid-air or drop it on the water. The compartment is sealed to prevent taking on water as it dumps, and the cargo needs to be weighted and properly sealed to avoid damage.

- Kane

- Third-person bragging again, are we?

- /dev/grrl

- The rear prop design makes the Cloud Nine one of the most recognizable seaplanes out there. It’s also very common, so anywhere with an abundance of seaplane traffic means several will be around to blend in with. Most smugglers use that to their advantage when they can, and when they aren’t making drops off in the middle of nowhere.

- Turbo Bunny


## Fiat-Fokker Cloud Nine (fixed wing)

**==> picture [210 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPD TOP<br>HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>INT SPD<br>4 30 40 300 8 1 2 2 2 2 175,000¥<br>Standard Upgrades: Amphibious (surface)<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
