---
id: DC-0036
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Direct Combat
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Direct Combat

So what’s different here than with fire support? I’m glad you asked. The difference is, fire support is supporting your teammates in a more indirect manner, whereas direct combat is what it says it is—getting stuck in alongside the street samurai, razorbois, and combat mages. Fire support is best done from the captain’s chair, where you’re the choreographer of a drone ballet, while in direct combat, you’re jumped into your heavily modified go-to combat drone, be it a Doberman or Steel Lynx, or even a Dalmatian or Roto-drone. We’ve all got one, and it’s our baby! My personal Lynx is a beast, milspec armor and bleeding-edge everything (thanks to the “generosity” of Her Majesty’s army), and I’ve an array of weapons I throw on the thing depending on the situation. This role isn’t something I personally relish—being in a drone for this sort of thing just feels like I’m asking to get my wetware fried, but if that’s what’s needed, then so be it. And I must admit, standing shoulder to shoulder with others when there’s live rounds flying thick and fast brings a nostalgic tear to my steely eyes. It’s when you feel most alive, your heart beating in time with the powerplant of your “body,” the hydraulic fluid pounding in your ears, the smell of ozone and blood and gunpowder. Good times.

Some corps and militaries are starting to look toward anthroform drones as potentially the next evolution. Currently they are viable, but the electronic warfare vulnerabilities of drones in the modern battlespace make it a risky proposition. My full-time billet is as an EWO on a drone carrier, and I’m always busy when my drones are deployed. In the shadows, though, that’s not necessarily as big a concern as here in Libya. And anthroform drones offer a lot of advantages over wheeled or flying drones as both direct combat and fire support platRemember when I mentioned coyotes and battle taxis? Well, that all goes for smugglers too, but double! I’ve never met a pilot who could even come close to beating a true dyed-in-the-wool t-bird jammer when it comes to flying through mountains nape of the earth. Or a sub driver who could navigate the ocean floors without the full immersion of rigging. Or anyone other than a rigger crazy enough to take a GMC Riverine across the Atlantic in the middle of a winter storm.
