---
id: DC-0099
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GD/CAS MacArthur MBT
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GD/CAS MacArthur MBT

Replacing the venerable Stonewall-class in 2074, the Jefferson Davis was set to be the current frontline MBT of the CAS armed forces. This lasted for only three years before a catastrophic flaw was found in the main propulsion system. The problem (and resulting PR and political fallout) was so severe and widespread that the entire Davis MBT fleet had to be grounded and later scrapped as a result. Rumors persist about some kind of massive Aztlan sabotage, but that was never technically proven. A new program was enacted to quickly replace the Davis fleet, the result of which was the new MacArthur MBT. Everything about the MacArthur is state-of-the art, from the VR/AR control systems to the electronics/sensor suites and communications. Quadruple AC339 Turbo-Vec™ thrust engines coupled with no less than eight vector-thrust nozzles allow the MacArthur to reach high speeds for rapid attack and response while granting it impressive staying power. The MacArthur can lose up to half of its directional thrusters before performance is compromised by re-directing available thrust power to undamaged units. Combined with its heavy composite armor plating, the MacArthur is extremely difficult to bring down. Then there’s its firepower. The MacArthur has the typical main armored turret to house its primary weapon, but the secondary turret on top of that features two additional hardpoints for sec-

- Oh, the Macs can certainly bring the pain. They’re designed primarily for taking drek down above all else. The guns may vary depending on the loadout, but the MacArthur has one of the best damn ECM/ECCM suites out there—perfect for jamming incoming missiles. And CAS standard doctrine is for at least one missile tube to be loaded with an anti-missile ordnance for the exact reason described above.

**>** Kane
