---
id: DC-0074
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Tata Hotspur
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tata Hotspur

This four-wheeled ATV (considered a truck by virtue of its weight-class) is considered by many to be the apex of off-road racing. Its turbocharged engine gives it a speed and acceleration profile that’s typically only seen on the fastest street racers. But what really puts the Hotspur ahead of the pack is its heavy-duty independent suspension system that gives it over a meter in clearance when racing over harsh terrain. This allows the Hotspur to overcome just about any terrain on the planet short of a sheer cliff face. And it can do this without slowing down. Yeah, you read that right. The driver’s seat also comes with attachment points specifically for a rigger cocoon to be installed, while the frame and small bed in the back have ample positions for things like weapon mounts and drone racks.

- When you absolutely, positively have to outrun someone in the great outdoors, accept no substitutes.

- **>** Kane

- Yeah, no bulldrek, this thing is legendary in its performance, the bane of border patrol ground units, and the sweetheart of smugglers and gear-jammers all over the world. The only things that can really keep up with it are aircraft! I’m a huge fan.

- **>** Turbo Bunny

- One thing that surprised me was how good the suspension was. Last year, an associate of mine helped me get out of the PCC in her Hotspur. I thought my hips and lower back were going to be pulverized when she suddenly took a mountain path through the

Rockies. Not only did we avoid the PCC patrols dogging us, but I came through the ordeal with only minor soreness in my hoop from sitting so long.

- Traveler Jones

Tata Hotspur (off-road racing truck)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 2/2 32 35 240 12 4 2 1 2 3 26,000¥ **Standard Equipment:** Rigger adaptation. **Note:** No mod points required for rigger cocoon addition
