---
id: DC-0086
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Hovercraft - BMW-Krupp Demon
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hovercraft

## BMW-Krupp Demon

A joint effort between S-K subsidiaries BMW and Krupp, the Demon is the first in a new line of ACV (air cushion vehicle) motorcycles. Introduced less than a year ago, the Demon was a shock to both insiders and cycle-enthusiasts, as its development was kept completely secret. Not much is known about it other than the standard press releases, but some details are beginning to come to light as the first purchase reviews come in. Based on the chassis of their popular Blitzen line of heavy motorcycles, the Demon has a quad vectoring lift-fan design with two in front and two in rear, arrayed in an “X” formation. These provide directional control while two micro-turbine engines (commonly used on heavy aerial drones) are mounted rearward and provide forward propulsion. Initial reports say that the Demon is extremely maneuverable with insanely high acceleration and top speed, with all functions routed through a proprietary control system. And being an ACV, it can operate in just about any terrain. With the first production run still underway, it’s unknown if it will be marketed as a new kind of racer or find some other kind of use.

- There are also some reports coming out that the Demon lives up to its name. It’s insanely fast and nimble. And by all rights, it should be completely unstable, but it’s not. I can only imagine what will happen or how it will be used once we start seeing it on the streets.

- Turbo Bunny

- I wonder more about what would happen if someone, say, messed with that fancy control system. I may need to do some research on just how good those firewalls are.

- /dev/grrl
