---
id: DC-0016
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: The Golden Ticket
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Golden Ticket

Rigging was my ticket out of the Lambeth Containment Zone back in the ’40s. As a boy, I did any job I could while saving to get some ’ware. At the time I didn’t care what, I just knew I needed some chrome to give me an edge and maybe a ticket out of Lambeth. Fate smiled on me, though, because after I ran afoul of some razorbois, I met a street doc who happened to have a used Fuchi Tag-a-long rig he was looking to offload. I liked to drive—what eleven-year-old kid doesn’t like going fast, after all—so the doc and I cut a deal.

- I’m gonna call bulldrek! No way was an eleven-year-old driving! Isn’t the minimum age seventeen in the UK?

- Wumpus

- The Lambeth CZ is a barrens in the middle of London, and last time I checked, most Z-zoners generally don’t concern themselves with things like laws.

- Traveler Jones

He even had a used Ares Bullseye II ballistic processor, which allowed me to utilize Smartlink II equipped firearms connected through the rig. And let me tell you, that first time I jumped into a vehicle, even that old beater Americar, I was in hog heaven! Through the miracle of Artificial Sensory Induction System Technology (ASIST for short, though commonly referred to as simsense) and a chunk of chrome hardwired into my middle brain, I was able to _become_ the car. The synesthesia (mixing and transposing senses) that’s the backbone of ASIST for a rigger initially caused me some headaches, nosebleeds, and bleeding from my eyes (only a couple of times on that last one).

- Sounds like the surgeon messed up the synaptic cleft dimensioning, or just plain wired the implant into the wrong parts of the brain. Obviously he caught it, since his synapses didn’t depolarize.

- Galen

But I didn’t care, I was the car! Or bike, or boat. Or whatever I needed to be. It took me a
