---
id: DC-0259
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Vulcan Systems Opossum Mk I and II - (medium walker/Special drone)
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vulcan Systems Opossum Mk I and II

## (medium walker/Special drone)

- At first, I didn’t want to even mention this so-called model of drones because they’re not my style. But I‘ve been hearing more about them turning up outside Detroit and within the general shadow communities. Ultimately, I decided to include them if for no other reason than for others to be aware of the possibility of running into one or more of them.

- Rigger X

- Or them running into you.

- Stone

The Vulcan Systems Opossum line of transport drones is designed to fulfil a small niche in modern combat operations that previously had been unaddressed, enabling small military units the ability to carry and operate and maintain drones during small-scale field operations where a dedicated carrier/command vehicle may not be feasible, and stealth is needed. The Opossum Mk I is a medium-sized (bordering on large) quad-legged drone that is configured to carry two small-scale drones and either four mini drones or eight micro drones.



It also has dedicated compartments for drone repair kits and a small amount of parts. The smaller Mk II is also a quad-legged drone, but it can carry only four mini or eight micro drones. What sets the two apart, other than the size, is that the Mk II can reconfigure its legs and be attached to standard combat armor or worn as a backpack. Both are compatible with all standard VCR/RCCs and come with drone recharging ports, detachable batteries (which can be used to service multiple drones), solar recharge panels, and sat-links.

- Vulcan Systems loaned several Opossums to select mercenary units—most notably MET2000 and the 22nd Spartans—for field testing. While the Spartans had little use for something that isn’t made for carrying weapons or frontal assaults, MET2000 platoons and their SpecOp teams found both quite useful in forward recon, overwatch, and security tasks. Most positive reports noted the ability to repair all but the most serious battlefield damage while still in the field, which is a boon for long-term and deep-penetration missions.

- Picador

- I’ve heard the Mk I is solid, but if you try wearing a fully loaded Mk II, you’d better be in shape and not skip leg day, because that metal rodent will get heavy after a long day of hiking.

- Cayman
