---
id: DC-0284
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Hawker-Siddley Rescue Harrier - (large tilt-rotor drone)
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hawker-Siddley Rescue Harrier

## (large tilt-rotor drone)

Also called the “Super” Harrier, the Rescue Harrier is the larger search-and-rescue counterpart to the medium-class general-purpose Harrier tilt-rotor drone. It features the same overall design features and aesthetic as the smaller Harrier, but it has larger and more powerful engines as well as higher-quality sensor systems for nap-of-the-earth flying and patient detection/locating. What truly differentiates the Rescue Harrier is the emergency winch and emergency litter system it carries. Large



**==> picture [149 x 7] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Hawker-Siddley Thunderbolt<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

enough and with the weight tolerance to safely lift a troll-sized patient, the Rescue Harrier is most often used for short-distance rescue and recovery operations or when larger aircraft are not feasible. In cases where the patient may be unconscious or unable to move, the Rescue Harrier is also capable of carrying up to one medium-class ground rescue drone on a custom rack on the side of the frame, below where the rescue litter is stored.

- We who operate on the oceans consider the R-Harrier (what we call it) a blessing and a curse. Used by every coast guard on the planet, it’s a blessing when it’s pulling you out of the ocean after your ship is going down (or on fire, already sunk …). But it’s a curse because they also use that advanced sensor array in interdiction work. Rule of thumb: If you need to be pulled out of the sea, let it approach. If you don’t, shoot it.

- Kane


## Hawker Siddley Rescue Harrier (large tilt-rotor drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 3/4\* 20 25 200 10 6 4 4 Special 3 13,000¥

**Standard Equipment:** Winch **Notes:** The lifting rescue winch has a Strength of 10; it requires a Minor Action to transition from horizontal to vertical/hover flight. \*Horizontal/Vertical flight
