---
id: DC-0137
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Corsair Trident/Triton
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corsair Trident/Triton

This offering from Corsair is one of the fastest sailing boats on the water today—the single-mast trimaran Trident. As with its monohull and catamaran cousins, the three hulls include much larger engines than one would expect from a sailboat (actually two in the central hull), giving the already-fast watercraft very impressive speed. It’s still no pure powerboat, but it’s getting up there. Combined with the retracting outriggers, you have a craft capable of much more than one would think upon a cursory examination.

The wider-than-typical central hull offers surprisingly spacious berthing quarters for the eight-person crew, and through the very clever use of space within the outrigger hulls, there is quite a lot of storage space. These aspects, combined with the efficiency of the motors plus suncell, allow the Trident to remain at sea for a very significant length of time. It’s not unheard of for

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



Tridents to remain at sea for several months in surprising comfort due to the stability of the trimaran hull configuration.

The Triton is the trimaran with the more-conventional single engine, and it has proven very popular with both experienced and novice sailors. There is currently a small group of Tritons out on the seas attempting to set new endurance records; right now, they’re at 220 days and climbing, and based on the skinny around various ports, it’s likely they’ll be out there for another two months, if not more. I must admit, I’m very curious how they’re doing it … especially as this opens up options for those in our line of work who need to completely disappear.

Much like the monohull and cat designs by Corsair, the Trident and Triton are almost impossible to tell apart above the waterline. All three hulls have bow thrusters, as well as the articulated engine nozzles on the Trident, while the Triton only has the one (much smaller) nozzle and bow thruster on the central hull.
