---
id: DC-0080
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Nissan Strider
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nissan Strider

This may be a bit of a shock to some, but the Sixth World isn’t exactly a safe place, and travel in some parts can be somewhat hazardous. And while most corps won’t openly admit this, they know an opportunity for a product (or a market to exploit) when they see it. Nissan’s Strider is marketed as a “rugged, multi-purpose, customizable utility vehicle,” but in actuality it’s a high-performance armored van that has just as much in common with a street racer as it does with a delivery vehicle. Even though it’s slightly smaller and has less cargo capacity than most vans,



its performance and versatility still make the Strider immensely popular with a wide variety of customers—both legitimate and otherwise.

- The thing about the Strider is that while it’s not exceptional at any one thing, it’s one of those vehicles that’s really good at several things. A few choice mods, and the Strider can be tailored for whatever the owner needs, even for non-riggers.

- Stone

- The one thing it does have compared to other vans is a decent acceleration profile. And on tight sprawl streets, that’s better than having a massive top speed in my opinion.

- Turbo Bunny

- It’s also a favorite of the Japanacorps who like to use them as nondescript couriers or for their own shadow operatives. A few months ago, some associates of mine working in Neo Tokyo learned this the hard way. A detachment of Red Samurai used a couple of Striders to get close enough for an ambush. Only one who survived that job was the decker, who was working off-site.

- **>** /dev/grrl

- That’s odd. Normally they wouldn’t be caught dead in something so … mundane; they want you to know they’re coming for you. I’m wondering, is this is a shift in their tactics or something else?

- **>** Baka Dabora
