---
id: DC-0126
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Sea Ray Cottonmouth
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sea Ray Cottonmouth

The Cottonmouth has been around for several years, and it’s quite a common sight in some parts of the world—the Sea of Cuba and Caribbean being the two that spring to mind first—to the point of almost being a hazard to navigation. Because they may be lightning fast, fourteen-meter cigarette boats, they’re fragile and far too easy to buy. They’re also often piloted by wannabe badass types who purchase them as a substitute for personality and who love their factory-fitted weapon mounts a little too much, who have no business being on the water in anything even remotely this powerful. Putting those people in these boats is often a recipe for absolute disaster. Puget Sound is notorious for these things, often with xGuide overrides, and they just get in the way. I’ve long stopped caring whether I crush one. It’s their fault—the rules of the road are clear, and I’m doing metahumanity a favor!

I mentioned the factory-fitted weapon mounts, two forward and two aft, which turn this speed demon into something most boats need to be wary of. The fact they are generally only capable of fitting small arms means they are generally no real threat, but … well, who wants to tempt fate? The Cottonmouth also blurs the line between a powerboat and a motorboat, as it’s clearly a powerboat but comes with an enclosed cabinwith the most basic of amenities (including two small berths) and is the only class of powerboat it makes sense to jump into. All in all, the Cottonmouth is an effective vessel, great for smugglers and security folks alike. It’s not the greatest runner vehicle, as it’s too small to be more than an interceptor or getaway boat, but if you need something that’ll get you in and out quick, can loiter while you do the job, and has some bite, then this is the boat for you.

- An additional benefit of the Cottonmouth that Bubbles forgot to mention is that at fourteen meters, it’s small enough to fit in the small boats hold of some ships. That extends its use, both to runners and pirates like yours truly.

- Kane
