---
id: DC-0224
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Moonlight Aerospace Avenger - (Fixed-Wing)
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Moonlight Aerospace Avenger

## (Fixed-Wing)

I remember the days of flying multiple sorties in a single day with only a refuel and bologna sandwich in between and maybe getting a little spackle slapped on some holes for better aerodynamics. Those were the days of the Avenger. The original Avenger, not that rehash trash where they teched it up and fragged its best aspects. Light, fast, maneuverable, and able to take off and land anywhere,

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

MESSERSCHMITTthese things were a dream to have in the arsenal, even if they weren’t the prettiest or fastest. They were made with as little metal and radar reflective material as possible, the engine design kept heat tagging to the flanks, and locks rarely held with a skilled pilot on the stick. It was a bygone era, but I know these are still out there because you can’t keep a scrapper from scrapping.

- I heard they could water land, too, but weren’t full amphibs.

are Mr. Johnsons all over the globe who are trying to get that paydata.

**>** Fianchetto

- The Hornet is mainly marketed to the military or miltech-level forces, but several of the AAAs (including MCT) use them at their Z-zone sites. Gunship goes up if trouble arises and takes out anything moving that isn’t covered by a friendly fire RFID.

- Rigger X

- Turbo Bunny

- Smooth waters only. Design didn’t add proper peripheral buoyancy, so one bad angle off a wave, and she was toast.

- **>** Sounder

- Never really thought of these as fun to fly. Kind of cramped and a bit jerky in their maneuvers. Not saying they aren’t scrappy, but I find them uncomfortable.

- Sir Rigs-a-Lot


## Moonlight Aerospace Avenger (fixed wing)

| \*\*HAND \*\* | **ACC** | **SPD**<br>**INT**             | **TOP**<br>**SPD** | \*\*BODY \*\* | \*\*ARM \*\* | \*\*PILOT \*\* | \*\*SENS \*\* | \*\*SEAT \*\* | **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| ------------- | ------- | ------------------------------ | ------------------ | ------------- | ------------ | -------------- | ------------- | ------------- | --------- | -------- |
| 3             | 20      | 30                             | 250                | 8             | 6            | 2              | 2             | 1             | 3         | 400,000¥ |
| **Standard**  |         | \*\*Upgrades:\*\*Hardpoints (2 |                    |               |              | standard)      |               |               |           |          |
