---
id: DC-0293
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Proteus Devil Ray - (medium submersible drone)
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Proteus Devil Ray

## (medium submersible drone)

A general-purpose submersible drone, the Devil Ray has the same basic shape as the average stingray, although approximately twice as large. The drone’s wings are multi-jointed and covered in a flexible Kevlar-rubber material, allowing them to move much like the pectoral fins on the animal that the drone’s design is based on. This grants the Devil Ray excellent speed and maneuverability underwater. Twin baffled underwater turbines located on both flanks where the wings meet the main body provide the primary means of propulsion. The same coating that covers the drone’s main body also gives it a very organic look at a distance, enough that it’s common to mistake it for an organic being. Like most drones of its weight-class,



the Devil Ray is primarily used for patrol and general search duties. Its main sensor array located in the head includes the typical sensors and imaging arrays found on a drone, but it also features a sonar option. When not performing patrol duties, the Devil Ray can be used by one or two divers as a means of short-range transportation via hand grips mounted along the drone’s side. The divers simply grab hold and let the Devil Ray do the rest. Because of its underwater operation profile, the Devil Ray has a limited range of weapons that can be installed. One weapon mount comes standard, however, located on the drone’s side.

- Simple, effective. Not much to be said about them positive or negative. But I’ll suggest that if you operate in an aquatic environment, you should know what the local marine life looks like. I’m still surprised how many don’t think twice when a Devil Ray swims under their watercraft, even in an environment where rays aren’t found. Still, I’ve used this fact and others’ ignorance more than a few times to plant charges on ship hulls. Conversely, when I see rays in places they shouldn’t be, I take them out right quick before someone can do the same to me. Pirating 101.

- Kane


## Proteus Devil Ray (medium submersible drone)

**==> picture [211 x 17] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

4 20 30 100 8 10 2 3 2\* 2 7,500¥ **Standard Equipment:** Heavy weapon mount * These are not actual seats, but rather grab bars divers can hold and use to ride the drone underwater.
