---
id: DC-0571
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: 'Examples:'
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Examples:

- **Sidewinder Sizzle:** Combine Double Down (add wild dice) and Tokyo Drift (prevents pursuers from gaining on you) on a Piloting test.

- **Alpha Strike:** Combine Double Down (add wild dice) and Anticipation (attack multiple targets, each with your full dice pool) on an Engineering test.

- **The Jazz Smile:** Combine +1 to a single die roll with Big Speech (teamwork test your own Influence test) on an Influence test.

- **Bad Luck Blast:** Combine reroll one or more dice with count 2s as glitches for the target on a Firearms test.

- **Five Finger Discount:** Combine add Edge to your dice pool (with exploding sixes) with Wrest (take melee weapon away on a successful Block) on a Close Combat test.

- **Flip Dash:** Combine Equalizer (negate all position advantages) with Up the Ante (increase the threshold for yourself and others in a chase) on an Athletics test.

- **Hand of God:** Combine buy one automatic hit with reroll one die on a Biotech test.

- **Kick It up a Notch:** Combine add edge to your dice pool (with exploding sixes) with buy one hit on an Enchanting test.



- **Magic Missile:** Combine reroll one die with negate 1 Edge of a foe on a Sorcery test.

- **Matrix Dodge:** Combine add Edge to your dice pool (with exploding sixes) with reroll one die on a Defense test.

- **Polite Request:** Combine reroll one die with +1 to a single die roll on a Conjuring test.

- **Seattle Swindle:** Combine Double Down (add wild dice) with Bring the Drama (make some quick nuyen) on a Con test.

- **Somebody Else’s Problem:** Combine Sudden Insight (Stealth) with add Edge to your dice pool (with exploding sixes) on a Stealth test.

- **Whiplash:** Combine Called Shot Vitals with Negate 1 Edge of a foe on an Exotic Weapons test.
