---
id: DC-0148
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Ships
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ships

I was once asked the difference between a ship and a boat, and to be honest, despite the fact I’ve been plying the seas and oceans of our planet for decades, I couldn’t come up with something that definitively satisfied the person asking the question. Webster’s Dictionary defines a ship as a “large seagoing vessel,” or one that has multiple masts as well as multiple sails per mast. And you know what? That about covers it.

- Where boat stops and ship begins has been a hotly contested subject for centuries.

- Sounder

For the purposes of this article, a ship is a large vessel, anything that is more than twenty-five meters in length (I won’t bore you landlubbers with the other criteria related to size of a vessel) and is capable of operating smaller vessels from itself. Typically this will be RIBs and wetbikes, but some of the largest classes of ship can dock almost anything I’ve deemed a boat. And in some rare cases, they can even dock smaller ships.

A major factor in determining whether a vessel is a ship or a boat is how durable it is. I’ve seen people fire anti-vehicle rounds from a Panther at a ship and have them do absolutely nothing. That’s because ships have to be immensely sturdy to resist the effects of the sea’s rage as it acts upon the hull. A boat can rise, fall, and move with the waves, but a ship is too large for that same action to mitigate the forces involved, so they have to be built solid. The end result is that the vast majority of ships are so tough that you need dedicated anti-ship weap-
