---
id: DC-0107
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Thundercloud Morgan V1 and V2
page: 42
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Thundercloud Morgan V1 and V2

A common sight in Sioux Nation and PCC— where it’s manufactured—the original Morgan (now called the V1) is a four-wheeled, two-person ATV that has been giving riggers, runners, and smugglers who work those regions fits ever since its introduction. Sold mostly to the PCC military (and other nations, corporations, and organizations they’re on good terms with), the V1 is based on an off-road racing vehicle chassis. It has all the equipment that one would expect: a powerful engine and heavy suspension that allows it to tame the roughest terrain while maintaining top performance. The V1’s driver sits centerline up front, while the passenger occupies a raised position behind the driver specifically designed as a gunner’s post

that can mount and deploy any number of heavy weapon types. This arrangement allows the driver to concentrate on maneuvering while the gunner focuses on engaging targets. Additionally, the V1 has all-manual controls, meaning that the vehicle itself is impervious to hacking via the Matrix. The Morgan V2 is considered the V1’s bigger brother. Rolling out of the assembly plant three years ago, this six-wheeled design has the same general layout, but the chassis and frame have been widened allowing for a driver and passenger up front. The gunner’s position is still in the same place, but the rear area has also been expanded to include a seat for a fourth passenger or one medium-sized drone rack (or multiple smaller ones) as well as additional cargo space. Unlike the V1, the V2 has purpose-built mounts in the front cab for rigger cocoon instillation, and it has rigger adaptation.

- There’s always been a comparison between the Morgan and the Hotspur, and a rivalry between their users. The Morgan could never (literally) keep up with the Hotspur, but the weapon options available to the Morgan helped even the odds. Rumors are racing (pun intended) that while the V2 is still a bit slower than the Hotspur, it’s got the same acceleration. Combined with the weapons and possible drone backup, the odds may be shifting in favor of the V2 really fragging soon.

- Kane

- I’ll do you one better—the PCC and Sioux are starting to deploy V1 and V2s together. The V2 acts as the anchor, while the more nimble V1s act as outriders. Nasty combination, if you ask me.

- Turbo Bunny
