---
id: DC-0300
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Shiawase Bi-Drone Butler - (medium anthro drone)
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase Bi-Drone Butler

## (medium anthro drone)

The idea of robots and androids being servants to help make life easier for the everyday person has been a popular trope in science-fiction for well over a century now. Early attempts at such robotic servants were not only extremely clunky and primitive, but also extremely limited in their functionality. With the advent of state-of-the-art software, autosofts, and VR/AR controls, however, Shiawase has developed a series of anthroform drones that allow the average person to have that robotic servant they’ve always wanted. Known as the Butler, this medium-sized anthrodrone has special software that allows it to perform a wide variety of simple tasks. And like any other drone, it can be remotely operated. Also like any drone, the Butler is not a thinking machine. It only performs tasks it has been ordered to do, and once they are complete, the Butler will simply wait until another

- Slamm-0!

- A servant for everyone? Not at that prize. This is just another rich person’s toy.

- Old Crow

- I got one, named Jimmy III. I don’t use him as a butler, but he makes a great assistant in my garage holding and retrieving tools, making light repairs, that sort of thing. And I wouldn’t say he’s got zero combat ability. Like his forbearers, Jimmy I and II, he has a claymore mine strapped to his chest. Jimmy I and II helped me stay one step ahead of a roach that got into my place.

- Johnny Redline

- I’ve also heard that Shiawase is trying to court AIs, and they made these drones with the specific intent of being inhabited.

- **>** Clockwork

- Hey, stay in your lane! Batdrek theories are my department!

- Plan 9

Shiawase Bi-Drone Butler (medium anthro drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4/5 5 5 8 4 0 2 3 — 2 3,000¥

**Standard Equipment:** Anthroform cyberlimbs (Strength 2), realistic features 1
