---
id: DC-0361
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Extreme Interior Security
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extreme Interior Security

This rather dangerous set of mods incorporates a security system normally seen on the exterior of the vehicle and moves it to the interior. Typically, this is either a gas dispersal system or a zapper (but nothing is stopping you from taking this twice and adding both). The countermeasure can be activated with a remote command from the owner, or triggered by a rating 3 anti-theft system in the event of an alarm.

_Gas dispersal system:_ This version can be loaded with a toxin of choice (purchased separately) and has a Concentration equal to the number of doses of the toxin released. The reservoir can hold up to five doses of a toxin and can release any number of doses in one attack. It is configured to release the gas in the interior compartment rather than the environment outside. Just the thing to make the kids settle down back there!

_Zapper:_ This version directs an electrical discharge through special conductive surfaces inside the vehicle with the intent of knocking out the occupants. The zapper system does 6S(e) damage to everyone in contact with the interior, and those who do not resist the damage suffer the zapped status (p. 53, _SR6_ ) for a number of rounds equal to the unresisted damage value. This system has enough charges to be activated four times before it is depleted; it recovers one charge every five minutes while the veicle is running or connected to a power source.

Version 1 (Gas Dispersal Security System)

**==> picture [228 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                                    |                 |
| ---------------------------------- | --------------- |
| MOD SLOTS                          | RATING          |
| 1                                  | —               |
| AVAILABILITY                       | COST            |
| 4 (I)                              | 3,000¥ + Toxins |
| Version 2 (Zapper Security System) |                 |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [228 x 44] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
MOD SLOTS RATING<br>2 6<br>AVAILABILITY COST<br>5 (L) 6,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
