---
id: DC-0078
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GMC Forge
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GMC Forge

There’s an old rigger saying: If it’s a machine, then at some point it’ll break, usually when it’ll frag you the most. And sometimes, you don’t have time or the ability to make it to a repair shop. GMC realized this and created the Forge, which is purpose-built to repair vehicles, drones, and light machinery in the field. Based on a large cargo-van chassis, the Forge is the same size as a large RV. The front third contains all the passenger space and amenities (such as a small fold-out bunk, food storage/prep unit, and micro-bathroom), while the middle third holds tools, materials, and repair equipment. The rest of the Forge is a repair bay that can easily handle motorcycles and large drones. For vehicles up to a medium-sized cargo van, the repair bay folds while still remaining sealed. For anything bigger, the repair bay can detach and further open its walls, but that leaves the mechanic exposed to the elements. And for those

jobs where something can’t be fixed in the field, the Forge has a retractable tow assembly stored underneath the back bumper that can handle vehicles up to a semi-truck’s weight class.

- The Forge is popular with construction crews, repair crews, or any corp/business that has a vehicle fleet. So if you need to blend into that kind of situation AND need something that can help you pilfer any corp rides, this is a decent choice. I’ve used them as such a time or two.

- Mika

- Yeah, until your crew got your Forge shot out from under your hoop. Anyone using a Forge better have a good exit strategy because it’s not designed for any kind of evasive maneuvering. The damn thing is too heavy, and while the chassis is strong and the engine has a lot of torque, it’s extremely thin in the armor department.

- Ma’Fan

- Didn’t know you’re a gearhead.

- Turbo Bunny

- I more of a “what tool best gets my job done” kind of person.

- **>** Ma’Fan

- Fair enough. Anyway, you’ll also see the Forge operating in areas where vehicles break down on the regular such as arctic or desert regions. I know more than a few riggers who use their Forges to work side-hustles as emergency mechanics and/or recovery experts. Also, word of advice, don’t try to drive with the repair bay unfolded—you’ll rip the fragging thing right off.

- Turbo Bunny
