---
id: DC-0276
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Hawker-Siddley Bat - (small surveillance drone)
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hawker-Siddley Bat

## (small surveillance drone)

The Bat is a new design from Hawker-Siddley that has quickly gained a following since its introduction onto the drone market. It derives its name from the pair of wings attached to the drone’s main body. These wings contain powerful, vectored micro-fan engines that propel it at adequate speeds while custom sound bafflers render it almost completely silent to most metahuman ears and auditory sensors. The Bat can use its wings for conventional flight or glide (if necessary), and it can use the micro-fan engines to hover in place (they’re similar in action to most tilt-rotor aircraft). When not in use, the wings retract and fold against the drone’s body. In addition to its above-average sensor/imaging array, the Bat also features dual “landing claws” that allow it to attach and hang on to nearby structures in order to conserve battery power while conducting observation missions. Additionally, these claws also offer a limited form of locomotion when not in flight.

- I don’t know what it is, but this has a certain kind of … cuteness to it I just can’t get past. The wireless antennas look like little pointed ears, while the cameras and imaging systems look like big eyes. Hate if you want, but I love it.

- /dev/grrl

- It’s also very good at its job. Give it the right kind of camo and it will all but disappear in just about any environment. The arrays



**==> picture [567 x 397] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Whispering death<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

are also top notch; I didn’t need many mods to it. It was almost ready to go right out of the box.

- Turbo Bunny

- Still, the fans are a bit underpowered. Get it caught in aboveaverage winds, and those nice wings become a liability.

- **>** Clockwork


## Hawker-Siddley Bat (small surveillance drone)

**HAND ACCEL SPD INT TOP SPD BOD ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST** 4 10 15 30 4 4 2 3 — 2 5,500¥

**Standard Upgrades:** Standard weapon mount **Notes:** The threshold to detect this drone by auditory means is increased by 2.
