---
id: DC-0175
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Maersk Shipyards Riptide Swimmer Delivery Vehicle
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Maersk Shipyards Riptide Swimmer Delivery Vehicle

During the Second World War, several of the nations fighting came up with the idea of manned torpedoes, although they didn’t work out so well, as the technology just wasn’t there at the time. Not long afterwards, when special forces teams began to use dive gear as a means to covertly infiltrate enemy installations, some bright spark came up with the swimmer delivery vehicle.

Stealthy DPVs can be used, though they have limitations in terms of battery life, and they cannot really be used to facilitate carrying equipment alongside the diver using it. But by making the DPV larger and adding crude seating, you get something very much like the manned torpedoes from the 1940s, but without the huge warhead (usually).

The Maersk Shipyards Riptide is a four-seat swimmer delivery vehicle that can carry more than enough equipment or cargo for the embarked special forces soldiers to survive behind enemy lines for several weeks. Riptides are also easy to assemble and disassemble, since not all submarines have the proper docking facilities to enable something the size of an ork-sized king bed to be launched and/or recovered fully assembled.

SDVs are often open topped, allowing the soldiers on board to use their weapons if the need

arises, while the high sides offer some protection from hazards as well as increasing streamlining and thus improving hydrodynamic efficiency. This is especially important because the Riptide has a finite battery, and thus a finite range, unless the team plans to recharge the SDV before their exfiltration (assuming it is not being scuppered). The battery powers two pump-jet engines, which gives the Riptide good maneuverability as well as a reduced acoustic signature and all but eliminates damage to the propellers when in shallow water or near the sea bed.

- Every special ops unit around the globe uses SDVs, and the Riptide is one of the most popular. Off the top of my head, the UCAS and CAS Navy SEALs, the British and Australian SBS, the Russian Spetznaz, and a whole host of African and Middle Eastern countries use these.

- Fianchetto

- A lot of the double-A megacorps also use the Riptide, as do several mercenary units. I’ve also seen them in the hands of aquatic specialist runner teams as well.

- Picador
