---
id: DC-0213
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: GTI Evocative Executive Transport
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GTI Evocative Executive Transport

(GravDrive)

What happens when you take cutting-edge tech and fill it with opulent amenities? Something quite Evocative.

It’s a solid slogan, if I do say so myself, and I do because I wrote it. I’m not your standard transportation market fluffer. I like to take things out for a spin, or get a tour. And when GTI offered to bring me down to JoBurg to take a ride in some of their latest innovations, I jumped on that suborbital as fast as I could. After launch, I imagined what a difference it would have been with GTI tech instead of the old-school standard rocket tech, and my mind started racing.

Arriving at the hanger, the first thing I noticed was the soft hum. It was almost soothing. Entering, I noticed how pristine the place was. No operational dust anywhere. No exhaust smells. Not a hint of dripped fuel or errant oil. I’m sure they cleaned up, but I’ve been inside the hangers for several other luxury aircraft makers, and there are just some things you can’t clear 100 percent, and an old fighter jock catches every one of them with the fondness of a first kiss. I didn’t even catch a kiss on the cheek.

The first view of this new-era craft took my breath away. An artistic mix of hard angles and rounded accents left me reminded of the drawings of an artistic child who loves all things aircraft but has not had their flair for art stifled by the need for aerodynamics. Then I noticed it. It floated. It didn’t sit on wheels, or feet, or skids, but simply floated a few centimeters off the ground. No wash blowing away the deep purple carpet surrounding it or rustling the crisp white tablecloths draped around the room. Stepping on board required only the small step that seamlessly unfolded from the doorway. Inside was a space you would expect to find in a billionaire’s entertaining mansion, with plush seats that adjusted to the biometrics of its occupants the instant they began to lower themselves into place. Tables adjusted to the user and recessed into perfectly hidden compartments when not needed to increase the open feel of the space. Real wood trim, highlighted with diamond bar inlays, and platinum bindings. If they could spend money to make it, they did. I was in awe.

Then we took flight. I barely noticed. A subtle shift, and we were accelerating smoothly out of the hanger. Another, and we were rising. All done while the majority of the guests stood. It was no rougher than a flatwater day on a supercruiser. Subtle directional changes were made that I could feel because I was there to not just be awed by the opulence but to also get a feel for how I could advertise this new-age super-exec sleigh, but I know

for a fact none of the other guests noticed. During a conversation with megastar Orxanne, I mentioned wondering what our destination was, only to get a look of puzzlement. She didn’t even realize we were traveling. I had to ask how to operate the “windows” of photovoltaic paneling to show the outside. She still thought it was all a trick (I get some of that, since they aren’t real windows) until we exited the craft again at an entirely different location atop Asanwelu Tower in the heart of Pretoria. It was forty kilometers of travel that was smooth enough that no one other than myself noticed.

This craft is going to become _the_ choice for the rich and powerful. It rides like a dream and provides a demonstration of their wealth like nothing else. Final price tags are always based on options, but these are going to start at more than eight figures and just grow from there.

- Why bother putting this here if the price tag means we’ll never see one IRL?

**>** Bounder

- Because our targets will have them. And occasionally an employer. Meaning knowing about them is going to be important.

**>** Sounder

- Matrix security on these is tight. Security specialists onboard at all times, and rumors are already out there in the job world about possible openings because of GTIs requirement that **all** GTI vehicles have a dedicated Matrix security specialist. Any deckers looking to go legit, this may be your chance.

- **>** Glitch

- The production facilities for these are some of the softest GTI targets due to the number of specialized workers coming in and out. Still not an easy mark, but if you get a gig and need some access to these when they’re nearly complete, this is the way to go.

- Mika
