---
id: DC-0040
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Riggers For The Win
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Riggers For The Win

I hope everyone has a better appreciation for what a rigger can do, which is nigh on everything, so long as we have a vehicle or drone that’s capable of pulling it off. We can’t do magic, obviously, but we can hack in a pinch (thank ghost for e-softs), and we can do just about everything else; from fighting side by side with a street sammy, to intricate and delicate work, getting into places we shouldn’t be, and just being generally useful to our team.

The first time I got hit, when it looked like I’d be a paraplegic, I was told that as a rigger I was still the ultimate jack of all trades—with the right tools I could pull off anything that can be done with a physical body, but better, because my rig gives me better control of my artificial body than almost all metahumans can hope to achieve with their meat. And while the docs were able to fix me, I took the words of that rehab nurse to heart. With my rig, some ancillary ’ware to make myself even better at rigging, and the right vehicle or drone, I can do anything. I leveraged my ability to learn fast to make me who I am today. Like most riggers I’ve come across, I’m someone who can get the job done. Maybe I have to be a tank, surging across the desert like an angry god of war, or I might have to repair my team’s kit, or sneak inside a building and take it over so my team can do their biz without worrying about security, or make sure they have full situational awareness and some big guns exactly when and where they need them. Riggers can do it all, and do it all well!

In light of that, who doesn’t want to be a rigger? Some of us are even nice people to boot.

- Being a nice guy is overrated.

- Clockwork

- Learning the Machine Mind echo was the best decision I ever made. Growing up with a sweet combat drone at our side made our childhood so much easier.

- Paladin
