---
id: DC-0181
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Japanese Imperial Navy Shio-class - Hunter-Killer Submarine
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Japanese Imperial Navy Shio-class

## Hunter-Killer Submarine

For decades, the principle offensive weapon of any navy has been their submarines. Oh sure, air power is all flashy and good for flying the flag, but when you want real naval power, when you want to destroy an enemy without them even knowing you are in the same hemisphere, you want a submarine. The pinnacle of the underwater predator has always been the hunter-killer submarine. They go by many names—the UCAS and CAS know them as attack boats, the British Royal Navy call them fleet boats. Regardless of what you call them, they are a mariner’s worst nightmare. As if the deep has risen up to wipe you from the surface of the sea.

- Laying it on a little thick, aren’t we, Bubbles?

- Glitch

- Not at all. Everyone rightly fears the enemy they can’t see, and attack subs are the worst. Best to steer well clear of them.

- Kane

The Shio, or Tide, class of attack boats of the Japanese Imperial Navy are a fine example of the type. Janes Fighting Ships classifies these subs as SSIs, with the I standing for fusion (don’t ask me why, I didn’t make it up!) since that is what their engines are based around. The reactor then powers a single electric pump-jet propulsion unit in thestern, which allows these little black ships to move at 52 knots. And the worst part, they’re almost silent while doing so! So frustrating.

The Shio-class SSIs are roughly analogous in size and shape to the SSNs that could be found roaming the world’s oceans shortly before the first crash, except with fewer crew. With a length of 100 meters, a beam of 11.5 meters, and draft of 10.5 meters and the classic black cigar shape, the Shio-class are visually very similar to most SSIs. They are armed with six 533mm torpedo tubes— capable of firing anti-ship torpedoes, natch, but also cruise missiles and even submarine-launched surface-to-air missiles to boot. And all this with a crew complement of 65.

Japanese Imperial Navy Shio-class SSI (submarine)

**SPD TOP HAND ACC BODY ARM PILOT SENS SEAT AVAIL COST INT SPD** 4/6 15 15/10 60/40 51 26 4 6 65 9(I) 4,900,000,000¥

**Note:** The second set of attribute ranks are when the submarine is surfaced; crush depth 900m

**Standard Equipment:** Amenities (middle), electronic countermeasures 4, enhanced sensors, extreme environment modification (depth), living space (middle) x 17, living space (low) x 48, network sharing enhancement, passive stealth features, rigger adaptation, rigger cocoon
