---
id: DC-0023
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Construction
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Construction

This is one of the areas we’ve always dominated, even with host-controlled drones. A dogbrain is all well and good, but for some jobs you just have to have a rigger in control—like when you need really fine control, or the ability to adapt to a very fluid situation (both things dogbrains aren’t great at), or when you’re dealing with a lot of noise. Theriggers who operate in this arena are generally considered laborers—granted, highly skilled laborers—but it’s rare for any corporation to consider their construction riggers blue collar. Or pay them as such.

One area within the construction industry that is still well and truly blue collar is demolitions. Specialized equipment and knowledge, usually backed up by a solid college education, make demolition specialists both in high demand and highly paid. If I’d been born a SINner, this is the route I might have taken myself, because riggers are almost always a significant part of any demo crew. The reason being that it’s easier to put a drone inside a building to set some of the charges than it is to use a metahuman—both because a drone can be much smaller, and because many drones are far more dexterous that the average metahuman. And trust me, demolitions takes skull sweat and a steady hand to do it right. Plus riggers, and our expertise in electronic warfare and the airwaves, are useful for securing remote detonation systems as complex as the ones used to drop anything larger than a small house.
