---
id: DC-0088
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Chrysler-Nissan G12C
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chrysler-Nissan G12C

The G12 series of ACVs is essentially a hover pickup truck that’s been in production for almost four decades now. And there’s a good reason for that. Besides the obvious benefit of being able to traverse both water and land, the G12 is easily adaptable. With some basic mods, it can operate in less-than-ideal terrain such as scorching deserts,

HOTthick swamps, or frozen wastelands without missing a beat. Add in one of the most reliable ACV engines on the market, and the G12 will keep going when all other vehicles quit. The newest model, the G12C, seats two and features the traditional modular area in the back that can be used to add an additional bench seat or be left open for cargo or gear. But what makes the G12C stand out is what the manufacturers call their “emergency response gyro-stabilization” system, or ERGS. In the event of a catastrophic engine failure or damage to the lift fans, ERGS keeps the fan blades going much like auto-rotation with helicopter blades, allowing the driver to maintain (hopefully) just enough control to set the craft down, usually with only minimal damage.

- Oh, so many memories, so sorry if I gush a bit. I learned how to operate a G12 before I learned how to drive a car and have been using them ever since, both personally and professionally. These are extremely popular with the free-trader set (read: smugglers), who love them for their versatility and reliability. They really can take a beating, but make sure you take care of and customize them properly depending on where you use them. You need different intake filters for swamps than you do in the desert, and you need to make sure the engine coolant is correct. I’ve seen too many rookies try to go from one environment to another, only for their engines to fail at the wrong time. Good news is that you can get everything you need cheap and right off the shelf, so there’s no excuse for slacking!
