---
id: DC-0254
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Esprit Foxhound/ St. Bernard
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Esprit Foxhound/ St. Bernard

(medium tracked drone)

The Foxhound has the most powerful sensor suite, audio/visual array, and communication/encryption system of any drone currently in production. Its primary purpose is a forward scout for military field operations, using its sensors to locate enemy units while quickly (and securely) transmitting that data back to unit commanders. Its main body is a blocky yet efficient design with four independent triangular-shaped treads. These treads can rotate independently on their axles, allowing the Foxhound to traverse most terrains with ease at respectable speeds. The main sensor suite and A/V array is affixed to a multi-jointed arm that can fully extend up to two meters and wrap around various natural and artificial structures, using them for cover. The Foxhound also comes with a special internal cooling and heat-dissipation system. All these combined with the Foxhound’s low-profile design make it difficult to detect in the field. On the chance it is discovered, the Foxhound comes standard with a smoke generator to assist with evasion. It also comes with either a single micro-turret mount that can handle up to an SMG-sized weapon for situations where it must defend itself, or an aerial micro-drone rack that can carry up to three appropriate-sized drones. For civilian use, Esprit also produces a civilian variant known as the St. Bernard. Used as a ground search-and-rescue unit, the St. Bernard has all the same abilities as the Bloodhound but swaps out the weapon mount for a detachable medkit and emergency supply pack. Should the St. Bernard locate a person in distress, the victim can utilize the stored emergency equipment until help arrives (without assistance from the drone).

- It’s also common for Foxhounds to be used as spotters for attacking aircraft or artillery; the sensor suite also includes an extremely accurate rangefinder and GPS tagger. It’s also not uncommon for commanders to get Foxhounds right into the middle of an enemy encampment or formation and then call in a “Danger Close” strike.

**==> picture [17 x 152] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: DOUBLE CLUTCH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Picador



- Some military commanders also like to booby-trap their Foxhounds in order to prevent an enemy from raiding the unit’s CPU and data files. Some are satisfied with asset denial and rig the unit to simply brick the internals. Others, however, like to make a point and rig them with C-12, plastique, or white phosphorus.

- Rifleman
