---
id: DC-0085
source: Double Clutch
chapter: General
topic: Volkswagen Superkombi IV
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Volkswagen Superkombi IV

Released to the general markets in 2074, the Superkombi IV is the latest in the Superkombi line of passenger vans. With a sleek design that may seem dated by today’s standards (which has come back into fashion as “retro”), demand for the Superkombi has never waned. A common workhorse vehicle in the sprawls and roadways of Europe and the Middle East, as well as parts of Northern Africa and North America, the Superkombi isn’t just used as a passenger van. Mechanics, techs, and yes, shadowrunner elements have modified the Superkombi for a wide variety of uses in multiple environments. It was this practice of vehicle modification that became one of the IV’s main features. Marketing by Volkswagen specifically targeted the fact that the new Superkombi was specifically designed for modification and customization. All components and systems are easily accessible, which dramatically cuts down work and maintenance time. The six bucket passenger seats in the back are modular and can be removed by simply disengaging a few latches. With all seats installed, the Superkombi IV can carry as many as eight average-sized metahumans, or as many passenger seats as needed cab be removed for additional cargo space.

- One thing about those bucket seats—make sure they’re properly locked down, and reinforce the mounts, as they have a tendency to come loose when maneuvering aggressively. Otherwise, the ’Kombi is as solid and reliable a van as you can get. And I rather like the retro styling.

- Turbo Bunny

- I’m not sure what to think of this, but Volkswagen made a deal with Krime, giving them license to produce a limited number of Superkombi IV variants simply known as the “Krime IV+.” Not a very imaginative name, but it removes the two seats up front to allow surprisingly comfortable seating for a troll driver. Other than that, they’re completely the same.

- Beaker

- Marketing, nothing more or less. And Krime isn’t producing them; Volkswagen is simply paying Krime to slap their logo on their vans.

- Mr. Bonds
