---
id: DD-0010
source: Dealers of Death
chapter: General
topic: We Are Legion
page: 7
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## We Are Legion

Some groups try to field as many assassins as possible, so their target is bound to fall into the net of one of their members. This method relies on quantity over quality when it comes to membership, which makes training new operatives to be a fast and cheap process. Even if caught, low-level minions won’t know enough to be able to betray the organization.

Perhaps the most infamous of these sorts of organizations might be the Black Hand out of Serbia. The group was hundreds strong at its peak, operating in smaller cells to avoid getting caught. These cells demonstrate the problems caused by a lack of coordinated communication and. Anyone even passingly familiar with history knows what happened to Archduke Franz Ferdinand. Yeah, that was them. A deeper cut would be the Sacred Band of Thebes in ancient Greece. When the Spartans controlled southern Greece, an army of 150 men rose up to overthrow their Spartan oppressors, working in micro-cells of two operatives each. According to legend, these pairs were romantic partners who would fight all the more furiously alongside their lover. The decentralized nature of the resistance made wiping them all out nearly impossible.

It is likely noteworthy to the astute among you that these historical examples did not exactly end well for the organizations of old. Despite their efforts, when faced with a larger, more organized threat, they were ill-equipped to deal with what followed. However, the Awakening has changed the playing field. If you believe the rumors from a decade ago about a group of ritual sorcery deaths at the

shadowrun

**PAGE**


hands of the (boringly named) Group X, you no longer need to be close to the mark, provided you can acquire a ritual sample.

- Saw a story out of Atlanta a couple months ago regarding a strange case that sounds like it fits the bill. There were some kidnappings and murders, bad types of stuff. The Star caught the guy responsible, but they bungled the case, and he walked. A month later, he was performing as a stand-up comic (I’m sure it was a riveting set) and had a massive panic attack on stage. He apparently saw everyone in the audience replaced by his victims, all pointed at him accusingly. He ran out the back door and right into a knife … about twenty times or so. The Star made a show of investigating and confirmed traces of magic. It’s interesting that the assassins resorted to such mundane methods for the actual kill.

a group employs. When you have strength in numbers, each member doesn’t need to be an elite assassin. Smaller cell sizes depend upon a greater level of competence from each member. There is typically a mix of tactics involved in this sort of attack. They’ll often use the Belarusian Fire Drill to get people in the positions they need to be, a mix of phishing and tech support to acquire information on their target’s routines so that they understand where they’ll be and how they’ll behave and then either Vamping (appearing as someone who can help them escape) or a Melon Drop (to deliver the final blow) to finally drop the target. While this might feel overly complex, each step is executed by the one organizing the effort, with the individual players only really being aware of their own role.

- Sunshine

As previously mentioned, skill level here can vary widely but tends to lean into the quantity-over-quality approach. This variance in skill often hinges on how many members
