---
id: DD-0005
source: Dealers of Death
chapter: General
topic: 'shadowrun - Ninety-Nine Ways to Die - Posted By: Balladeer'
page: 5
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadowrun

**==> picture [612 x 397] intentionally omitted \<==**

## Ninety-Nine Ways to Die

## Posted By: Balladeer

**>** I know many of you have had some negative interactions with Balladeer in the past. Many of us make a decent living keeping people alive, and Balladeer’s area of expertise runs contrary to that. Some of you may have failed a job because Balladeer is good. Whether you’re willing to take wetwork or not, understanding assassins can help you avoid falling into their traps. Balladeer agreed to share a high-level overview of his profession, to give us some perspective. Know that I’ve taken precautions against anyone using this post as a means to track him down. Don’t frag around, because you’ll find out. **>** Glitch

Many of you will know me from my time on JackPoint or Shadowland, but a few of

you will have worked against me in the field. The fact that I’m still here to post this little favor to Glitch should tell everyone how those confrontations ended. In case it isn’t abundantly clear, I’m a professional. The fact that I’ve been doing this as long as I have and still breathing should tell you I’m good at what I do.

I will preface everything that follows with this: most people who enter this profession aren’t going to make it. There’s always blowback from ending people’s lives. The people that become our targets are typically popular in their own circle, whether that circle is a half dozen people or the division of a corporation. Those close to a target tend to take offense to what we do. On top of that, there is a mental toll. Many people come into this profession full of anger and apathy, but I can tell you this: just because you hate people doesn’t mean removing some drek stain from society personally will be any easier on your soul.

shadowrun

**PAGE** 5

- So, are we supposed to feel sorry for Balladeer with all this “killing weighs on the soul” talk? I know I certainly don’t. If he finds the weight of death so heavy, then maybe he shouldn’t have been murdering for money for a decade.

- **>** OrkCE0
