---
id: DD-0024
source: Dealers of Death
chapter: General
topic: 'Part of the Family: - Operative'
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Part of the Family:

## Operative

You’ve proven yourself to be a loyal and competent member of the school and are elevated to full membership. No more schlepping soykaf for other assassins: you get to order the initiates around now!

**Cost:** 8 Karma

**Game Effect:** In order to take this quality, you must improve your Loyalty rating with the organization to 3 and take on a special job

which requires assassinating a target. If you wish to play this out with your GM and fellow players, your GM will run a difficult mission for you that requires some wetwork. If your group would rather not play this out, resolve the mission during downtime. In this case you may not spend any Karma on character advancement during that downtime period. You will begin the next session with zero available Edge (though you may gain Edge during the session as normal) and your Physical condition monitor filled up halfway with damage that can’t be recovered with the Heal spell, first aid, or a medkit (we’ll assume it was worse, and you already did what you could). This represents the effort and hardship you faced carrying out the assassination. Additionally, your personal Heat goes up by 2d6.

Once you have acquired this quality, your group contact no longer has a Loyalty rating limitation. In addition to the training and gear resources of the order, you are granted access to safehouses and the order’s extended network of contacts. Provided you are in an area where the organization has a safehouse (GM’s discretion), you have access to a safehouse when needed. These safehouses are generally secure, well-hidden, stocked with food, ammunition, medical supplies, and spare weapons. There’s no hard limit on how long you can stay there, but don’t abuse this for free rent unless you want to get on the bad side of your colleagues (who are all members of an order of assassins).

As long as you are able to make contact, you can acquire fake SINs and licenses at a Loyalty x 5% discount and on short notice: less than one hour for rating 3 or less, 24 hours for ratings 4-6, one week for rating 7+.

Additionally, you can call an initiate once per session. The newbie will perform any tasks


you ask of them (within reason), but if they are killed or severely harmed while carrying out your orders your Loyalty rating with the group is immediately reduced to 2 and you may not call another initiate until you pay a 10,000 nuyen penalty.
