---
id: DD-0007
source: Dealers of Death
chapter: General
topic: Defenders of the Faith
page: 7
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Defenders of the Faith

One of the most common reasons people get into this line of work is through indoctrination into an ideology. For some, it’s in service to a nation. For others, it’s their “this or that” supreme being. An even smaller subset has a personal ideal or code of honor they feel compelled to uphold. Regardless of what they’ve put their faith in; these killers are often zealots for their cause who believe in it strongly enough to put those who oppose it in the ground. They tend to be more motivated than those of us who are doing it for money and are unlikely to give up if the first attempt fails. Unlike most other assassins, these individuals don’t seem to bat an eye at sacrificing their own lives to get the job done.

What makes these some of the most dangerous assassins out there is their unshakeable faith in their cause. They genuinely believe deep down that what they’re doing is right.

- Pains me to say this, but Balladeer’s not wrong here. While handling a protection detail in Morocco, my team managed to locate the assassin who was set to kill my charge. The man I was hired to protect was a corporate exec working on some urban redevelopment project. Not a religious man, nor had he made many waves in the corporate landscape. After two near misses, the company assigned us to his security detail. And when we learned of a new attempt, my team went to intercept. When confronted and ordered to stand down, the assassin went on a religious rant and activated his own area cortex bomb. When the contract was over, we investigated the assassin. Turns out he was a part of some cult that saw the area our client was looking to develop as sacred ground. Sacred enough to die for. That piece of land is now a mall, so I’m guessing the assassination campaign failed.

**>** OrkCE0

These organizations work in similar ways to lone wolves in the field, but they typically have a larger entity backing them up. While some may have connections directly back to those they protect, others are far too nefarious to associate with and will financially establish themselves through private donors. Many of these orders also want you to know that it was their God, president, CEO, or whoever that orchestrated your demise and tend to prefer upclose-and-personal forms of death. Every job may be the assassin’s last, and they’re at peace with the idea that they will have served their purpose if they fail to elude the fallout.


**PAGE** 7
