---
id: DD-0009
source: Dealers of Death
chapter: General
topic: Incubi/Succubi
page: 7
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Incubi/Succubi

Whole organizations have arisen that train people in the arts of seduction, charisma, and deception. Many of these organizations are almost as old as recorded history. Some utilized the practice of being microdosed with poisons to develop an immunity to their chosen weapon.

Some legendary examples tell stories of elite entertainers who supplemented their refined arts training in music, poetry and conversation with covert instruction in anatomy, poisons and close-quarters combat. Concealed blades or poisoned needles might be hidden in their hairpins, instruments or garments. According to legend, they chose the moment of greatest trust to strike, leaving their target undone just as the final note fades.

Modern assassin schools use a blend of education and indoctrination. They use triedand-true techniques, psychological tricks, and leverage modern cultural touchstones

to become the perfect match for their target. A graduate from one of these schools might style themselves like a model for the runway for one job, a shy office worker for the next, then cosplay their next target’s favorite nerdy trid show character. It’s all about matching their type and giving the target what they want to see. The main play here is the Honeypot, but other tactics like The Vampire’s Invitation, Vamping, and Gold Bricks (pp. 4879, _Smooth Operations_ ) are also quite viable under this style of attack. It all falls under the umbrella of “How’d I get it so good?” right before darkness falls.
