---
id: EC-0340
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Vibe
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vibe

McNeil life is a strange world of separation, due to both the walls on the island and the water around it. While the prison dominates people’s views of the island from without, on the island, McNeilians are a strict but hopeful lot who see their island as a quiet refuge from the stressors of the mainland life. They see the town of Reflection as a place of solitude where you can live and support the futures and rehabilitation of the prisoners at the two facilities on the island.

Or so the new politicians want you to believe as they try to sell McNeil Correctional Center and the Annex at the McNeil Correctional Center as the ideal of rehabilitation prisons.

The reality is more on the strict side, as the overworked Lone Star Correctional employees who populate the bulk of Reflection keep a wary eye out for trouble when they aren’t partaking in some form of recreational or pharmaceutical escape to get through their daily lives. Non-residents are rare on McNeil, as the island doesn’t have a big tourist draw. Outsiders on the island are usually there to visit a prisoner during visitation hours. The Annex has visitation daily from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m., and a ferry schedule is set to being people on and off the island for this purpose. Some motels are present for those staying for more than a day. The main Correctional Center has visitation on the weekends from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., and again, the ferry schedule goes along with these hours to get visitors off McNeil.
