---
id: EC-0070
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: public transportation prices
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## public transportation prices

**==> picture [219 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE COST<br>Bus 5¥<br>Cab 5¥ + 0.25¥/kilometer<br>GridCab/Jitnee 0.25¥/kilometer<br>Monorail 5¥<br>Limo 100¥<br>1,000¥/year base subscription +<br>KeyCar<br>vehicle cost/1,000 per hour<br>Ferry 5¥<br>High Speed Ferry (1/2 the time) 10¥<br>Boat rental 200¥/hour<br>Air Taxi 10¥/kilometer<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Getting around via the water isn’t too tough, as there are plenty of waterways to use in the city. The most common way to cross the waters is one of the many ferries. The various ferries run out to all of the Outremer islands, including the artificial ones, and they also make runs from the different coastal districts. The hub of the system, operated by the Seattle Ferry System, is at Pier 66 in Downtown.

Those with a little more money can rent a private boat to move around, though these are usually just as monitored as the ferry. XGuide has HarborGuide under its net, and most boats, whether they have a tracking system or not on board, are monitored by the other boats. The advantage is that you can load items that aren’t normally acceptable in public onto one of these private boats as long as you trust your captain.

Last on the list of likelihood is owning your own boat. They’re expensive to buy and maintain, and usually they require quite a bit of regulation and registration. Shadow docks exist all over the sprawl, most of which will pull your craft out of the water to hide it in a warehouse when you aren’t using it. Most boat owners use these docks a lot to make the most out of their investment.

Now we take to the air for the pathways of the wealthy. Regular, everyday Seattleites will likely never use an aircraft to travel within the sprawl, but as anyone who looks up at all hours of the day, someone is certainly doing so. These local aircraft are mostly utilized by corps and their executives to move valuable assets around the city. Most of the flights are VTOLs, but sometimes flights bounce between the smaller airports or hop down to SeaTac in order to catch a flight out of town. The major arcologies and hospitals all have helipads, and the rich and powerful can often go weeks or even months without ever needing to come down to street level with the rest of the plebeians.

Even though it is usually the rich using these aircraft, the regular folk can occasionally join the aristocracy for a brief moment as they splurge to get a beautiful view of the city from the sky. Five major services offer air-taxi options around the metroplex. Emerald City Air is run by the city government and offers some of the best rates. They usually fly government officials around, but some tourist flights occur. Renraku Air handles municipal overflow, Renraku corporate traffic, and the rare tourist expedition for Renraku citizens. SeaTac Express runs hops from dozens of sites all over the sprawl down to Sea-Tac. Quetzal Shuttle Services operates primarily for Aztechnology execs and citizens, but they also offer private tourist experiences that take off from the Aztechnology pyramid. Last, but not least, Federated-Boeing Air Carriers offers a mix of personnel and courier services, along with a tourist arm for visiting VIPs who have come to visit F-B’s airport.



- Don’t forget the LTAV traffic that floats over the city. Many of those tourist air services offer trips in these blimps for a larger number of guests.

you for looking at them sideways, while those top sec corps will let you spit in their face and then bury you in charges.

- Stone

- Sounder

- Why do we care about LTAV tourism?

- Gearz

- Because runners end up working in a lot of different environments, including extractions from an LTAV with a little base-jump out the cargo door!

- Kane
