---
id: EC-0623
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: FIND THE RIGHT SPOT
page: 204
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## FIND THE RIGHT SPOT

SHADOWRUNTABLETOP.COM CATALYSTGAMELABS.COM

**==> picture [94 x 52] intentionally omitted \<==**

If you’re running in Seattle—or any other sprawl— you may need a spot you can drop into a campaign at a moment’s notice. Maybe it’s a luxury restaurant, or a retail store that’s a front for darker operations, or a backdoor cyberclinic where you can install the arm you just ripped off some other poor slot.

With art, info on entrances and exits, security details, and more, _Shadow Points_ provides thirty cards, each with info on a spot that can be dropped in any city, whenever it’s needed.

© 2021 The Topps Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Shadowrun and Matrix are registered trademarks and/or trademarks of The Topps Company, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.

Join spies, smugglers, liars, cheats, killers, thieves, rebels, anarchists, gangers, thugs, hoods, outlaws, low-lifes, hackers, con artists, hustlers, and more as they gather and try to climb to the summit of the shadowrunning world. In Seattle, the gold glitters brighter and the dungeons are darker, meaning the shadows in between are the widest and most intense in the world.

As a newly free city, Seattle hovers lightly over a pit of ravening wolves, saved only by the fact that as much as one wolf would love to devour the sprawl whole, they equally don’t want any of their competitors to get it. Maintaining that balance is the core desire of city leaders; undoing it has become the obsession of the city’s enemies. Whether shadowrunners decide to pick a side or just play all sides against each other, there is plenty of work to be done and danger to avoid, all while showing they can run the shadows with the best of them.

**Emerald City** is a sourcebook for **Shadowrun, Sixth World** .

**==> picture [54 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CAT28100<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
