---
id: EC-0435
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Olympic Park
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Olympic Park

Located in the southeast corner of Redmond and crossing into Salish-Shidhe territory, Olympic Park was created for the 2076 Summer Games on the Federated-Boeing property known as the Verge. Living in the shadow of a volcano means more than acid rain: it means ash, and lots of it. The Verge is a spot of crossed Seattle-SSC land that is basically buried and forgotten by both sides, one of those little bureaucratic AROs they put a pin in and promptly forgot about. Federated-Boeing managed to negotiate a deal on the land, used it as a PR cleanup stunt, but never got around to following through. Then, in ’72 when the Olympic Games were announced as a joint venture between Seattle and the SSC, Federated-Boeing presented a plan to erect the needed venues on the property with an eco-friendly method of clearing the ash and converting it to concrete. Federated-Boeing Olympic Coliseum became the center of a vast complex straddling the border; the project was a huge PR success, and the games turned out to be enormously profitable. Afterward, the venue no longer had a purpose, and despite attempts to find a use for it, Federated-Boeing has already left it vacant and unused. Now, five years after the summer games, Olympic Park has become a no-man’s land of parking lots, crumbling concrete venues and security fencing straddling the Metroplex-SSC border. Squatters have taken over many of the structures, and the

entire complex is a prime smuggling route, as policing the maze of structures is a nightmare for border authorities. Federated-Boeing still owns the land and plans may be in the works to raze the existing structures and erect a new aircraft-production facility.

- Oh, things are gonna change real quick. F-B is looking at Seattle with hungry eyes, and this real estate just became real sweet given its border value to the SSC. They can make a lot of friends and even more money if they handle it right.

- Mr. Bonds

- The syndicates, of course, will do everything in their power to keep their power in the region. If F-B is willing to play ball, they’ll get premium development contracts. If they don’t, expect the gangs to make merry hell until the corp gives up again.

- **>** Borderline

- The syndicates might just give up. The border is worth too much to just let it rest. That means the SCC and the Seattle government enter the fray. Too much heat. Too much cost. And the Star can get a lot of cred on every front making arrests here. No matter what, there’s gonna be a lot of shadow money made in the Redmond Ashlands.

- Kia
