---
id: EC-0593
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Tacoma Ancients
page: 193
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Tacoma Ancients

The original Tacoma branch of the Ancients was an early victim of Lord Torgo, who based his personal iconography of an elf head on a spike on what he did with the gang’s leader, but the Ancients as an organization couldn’t let that stand. Ongoing rumors are that they tipped off Lone Star to get Torgo arrested in the first place, a weak underhanded move that has haunted their rep ever since, resulting in the new Tacoma Ancients band being tasked with fighting goblin gangs on the regular. The current leader of the Tacoma Ancients, however, grew bored with the lack of “worthy” opposition years ago and fell into substance abuse and lethargy. These days, he spends more time exploring brothels than rumbling, and he’s fallen out of favor with Ancients leadership.

- It goes both ways. Rattler (you didn’t bother to share his name) thinks he deserves to be in charge of the entire Seattle arm of the Ancients and feels wasted in his current position. He blames the boss, but he’s nowhere near able to challenge Belial yet.

- **>** Riot

- While his reason for hitting up brothels is obvious, there’s a darker layer there. He’s gotten someone to make a personafix chip based on the old boss, Sting, who he’s a fanboy of. He’s trying to find a lookalike to make into his own personal doll to tell him how good he is and how he should be in charge. Rattler is not a healthy guy.

- Marionette

up here and there, though debates about their utility continue.

- One link is weak but together, they form an unbreakable chain.

- **>** Chainmaker

- Oh! I get it now!

- Riot

- Uhm. Actually she draws her name from the Chainmakers’ strike of 1910.

- /dev/grrl

- Aw drek.

- Riot
