---
id: EC-0542
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Kurgon Gaines
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Kurgon Gaines

When you talk about the good, you also have to talk about the bad, and one of the biggest troublemakers in Snohomish is Kurgon Gaines, the current head of Sauron’s Legion. This radical group of metahuman terrorists is exactly why Snohomish has a fine group like Humanis looking out for them. This underground network of cells pops up and commits atrocities across Snohomish, all at the behest of this singular ork. Gaines was radicalized through his connection to the Crimson Crush gang in Redmond and moved to Snohomish when his family was looking for a better life for him. He just could not leave that tough-guy street life behind and found his way into Sauron’s Legion after affiliating himself with the Sons of Sauron. While the SoS may have differing political ideologies from Humanis, they at least maintain that same level of political activism rather than resorting to violence. Not true of Sauron’s Legion.

After joining Sauron’s Legion, Gaines earned a reputation for brutality. He is allegedly responsible for the bombing of the Mountain Terrace Medical Center, where the explosive was centered on the

children’s ward. He is wanted by authorities and is always on the run, though rumors abound that he steadfastly avoids leaving Snohomish.

I know many in the shadows don’t care which side they work for, so I mention Gaines here as he is a major source for work. He contracts hits, distractions, sabotage, and myriad other menacing tactics all over Snohomish, but be warned, the city’s eyes are always on the lookout for him, and being associated with him could not only ruin your street rep, but also get you brought up on charges related to domestic terrorism.

According to his recent manifesto, his goal is simply to remove what he calls “the rampant cancer of hatred” from the district. His attacks range far and wide, but he provides very little evidence of actual prejudice. Gaines is far worse for Snohomish than any perceived anti-meta bias, as he feeds into the data that shows orks and trolls to be an inherently violent metaracial subtype due to neurological development issues. He would have a far better chance of making meaningful changes if he acted in a civilized manner rather than embracing barbarism.

- True colors coming out for our author here. First, look at his rhetorical style above, where he tries to make the marginalized people seem like the true perpetrators of hate. That style is hundreds of years old, and it keeps being used because it works well enough for people to give themselves cover to keep believing what they want to believe.

Next, there’s no legitimate data that shows orks and trolls are any different than humans neurologically. Spurious data gathered in the past was proven false or vastly biased based on testing parameters, cultural differences, and socio-economic barriers.

- Butch

- Flawed testing does not prove a point one way or another; it simply proves the test was not correct.

- Clockwork

- But the burden of proof of a thesis is on the claimant, and right now, those who claim orks and trolls lack brain power don’t have proof. So their thesis isn’t worth a damn.

- Butch

- Gaines is a solid connection to have. He’s lived his life on the run in Snohomish for some time now, and according to street rumor, he never leaves. He’s made a lot of strong connections to other metahumans and human allies in Snohomish, and they help keep him hidden from authorities.

- Bull

- Don’t buy into any of this. Gaines is a Humanis sellout. He got caught a few years back and flipped. Everything he does harms the pro-metahuman movement, and not just in the media. The facilities they hit, the people they harass, and the violence theysow are all counterproductive or focused on targets that local political leaders want hit.

**>** Plan 9

**>** Before anyone discounts what folks have to say, dig first. We don’t want to get into a contradiction war here without proof, and in order to let this comment stand I had to do a quick bit of vetting. There’s at least some circumstantial evidence, so keep an open mind and a wary eye.

**>** Glitch
