---
id: EC-0117
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Green Scene
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Green Scene

Green is the new black. Thanks to Gaeatronics, the policies here are becoming increasingly environmentally conscious. The corporation added their own representative in environmentalist Yahzi Ness as well as lobbying to bring in Nils Thomas to the mayor’s advisory council. Since that time, Bellevue has shifted from an urbanization philosophy to a greenspace mindset. All new-build structures in Bellevue are required to meet the International Green Construction Code. In addition, ten percent of the space must be allocated to renewable plant life. As a result, it is common to see rooftop gardens and terrace outcroppings covered in greenery. Public policy and money are geared toward using geomancy to sculpt green areas throughout the city and in most of the micro-arcologies in order to bring existing spaces up to code. Not everyone wants to go green, but it’s hard to publicly argue against doing what’s good for the planet. Those who are fighting back are doing so under the cover of shadows.

- The green push is coming from a prominent member of the Cascade Orks named, believe it or not, Puck Morningsong, who has financed a major repopulation of the area by moving scores of his people into Bellevue throughout the Warehouse District.

- **>** Khan-A-Saur

- Puck is a smuggler, plain and simple. Hell, he may even be an eco-terrorist. The Morningsong name is a joke he maintains in order to give himself credibility and an air of mystery. As far as I can tell, man’s got no relation to Gillian Morningsong or the Sinsearach. How could he? He plays the part well, but look a little closer, and the makeup cracks.

- Snopes
