---
id: EC-0282
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: International Mercenary Association (IMA)
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## International Mercenary Association (IMA)

Also sometimes referred to as the Mercenary Guild, the International Mercenary Association was created in the wake of the Ghost Dance and enhanced after the Euro Wars. It’s recognized by both the United Nations and the Corporate Court as **the** governing body that handles legal contracts and matters pertaining to mercenary or private military contract work. Those who are members in good standing with the IMA and are operating under a sanctioned contract are afforded certain rights and legal protections under current international law—that is, if certain rules and conduct are maintained. Should crimes be committed or if a complaint or charges are filed against a specific mercenary or unit, it’s the IMA’s mandate to investigate and if necessary take the proper legal actions as defined by their charter and established contract terms.

- I went ahead and did the work. While I don’t have exact numbers (the SMAF’s security protocols are surprisingly thorough), the new Seattle Army currently has a mix of armored/regular infantry, mechanized units, and at least a wing of manned aircraft. All this supplemented by a drek-load of drones of all kinds. There are also at least six different mercenary companies currently under contract (with more being negotiated) backed up by at least 10K individual mercs. You’re all fragging welcome.

- **>** Clockwork
