---
id: EC-0334
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

With all the change happening, the local forecast is tumultuous at best. The former Salish influence still has its more extreme adherents, and they’re not keen on the Sea Dragon taking control. The fading Anglo influence only fuels their efforts. Warpath leads the efforts in the shadows, and their numbers have increased in recent months, including a decent number of those same Anglos they weren’t keen on. Comes down to a simple enemy-of-my-enemy situation.

No matter what numbers they build up, they are not going to be able to defeat the Sea Dragon, but they will make messes that need to be dealt with by shadowrunners in order to keep the conflict hidden.

Even with the mercurial state of things, the district is keeping up their normal festivals in order to increase tourism revenue and maintain some level of normalcy during the change. This year’s First Foods festivals (Planting, Falling Apple, Fisher’s Fortune) are getting funding to make them bigger than ever.



- Extraction attempts on the shamans who predict the dates for these events are a regular occurrence. Efforts to influence the dates for these festivals is big business, as those dates often mean money for one megacorp or another.

- 2XL

With new players on the political field, you can also expect all the Potlatch events to be even bigger than before with an ever-escalating scale of one-upmanship. Lavishly celebrating life events is not the norm for shadowrunners, but they are frequently sent to use these parties as cover, so knowing what you’re getting into is a good idea. Make sure to know the event—weddings and first-house celebrations have a different vibe from baby births or the death of a loved one.

New to the scene of celebrations are the Planar Crossroads festivals. With so many new residents with astral and metaplanar origins, these events promote education and understanding of the various planes, their residents, and traditions. They’re usually not scheduled, though a few are predictable to within a certain window, as they occur during thins, when certain other metaplanes are “closer,” and there are at least two or three alchera events during each festival period.

- The Sea Dragon is regularly spotted in the area as well, likely meeting T’skin’zik. For now, the lesser leviathan is content to set up shop, but I’m sure there are longer-term plans in the works.

- Ire
