---
id: EC-0287
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: '> DangerSensei'
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** DangerSensei

With the current situational status in Fort Lewis, the Mafia families have been quick to reassert most of their former dominance within the district by using the newly formed red item markets to supplement their renewed drug trade. However, they’ve only been partially successful. Continued pushback by the current SMAF leadership combined with aggressive advances by other organizations have slowed but not stopped the Mafia’s efforts. But rumors persist that the Finnigan family in particular have been working to make allies within the new Metroplex Guard as a way to solidify their holdings in the district.

- Oh, so that explains the new arm candy that surgically attached herself to Colonel Buckner’s arm. And the digital ink is barely dry on his divorce papers.

- Netcat

- Colonel who?

- Electric Blue

- Colonel Wendell Buckner, CO of the Metroplex Guard. I’ve got more on him later in the file.

- Kraken

- Oh, you’re talking about Caroline Holt? Please, she’s still very much with Ryan O’Malley, nephew of Dona Rowena O’Malley. But it’s not uncommon for Caroline to use Rowena to help her make new friends.

- SeaTac Sweetie

- Either that, or she’s playing Ryan against this Buckner slag. If that’s the case, better place your bets now to how long they’ll keep breathing, because the Finnigans aren’t known for their forgiveness.

- LSPD

- Nah, the family would never allow it. They’ve got a potentially good thing going on and aren’t about to blow it over who’s biffing who. The Guard are more than happy to gift the Families some of their new milspec, red item toys while also gaining an in for more, all under the Seattle Government’s nose.

- Kane

- Or so they think …

- Kraken

- Either way, more than a few **soldatos** have been seen sporting some pretty impressive heat lately.

- LSPD
