---
id: EC-0004
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 5
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Introduction

You run in Seattle for the same reason a baseball player in the minor leagues busts their hoop to get a shot at the big show, or a boxer works their way up the ladder to get a title fight. If there’s a top to any structure, there are some people who will do whatever they can to make it there. Seattle is the top of the shadowrunning world, so some runners are committed to working there as much as possible, if only to show that they can.

While its status as a capital of shadowrunning and a home to many rich and powerful people is unchanged, Seattle is nevertheless still evolving. Now free of the faltering nation of the UCAS, Seattle has the chance to plot its own future. It’s supported by millions of people and billions of nuyen, which is enough to make it as powerful as many small nations. It’s problem, though, is that it’s surrounded by a few not-small nations who wouldn’t mind adding Seattle’s billions to their economies. The city will have a tricky waltz ahead of it, convincing multiple rivals that the city’s independence is in everyone’s best interest—even though many of its residents don’t believe that for a minute.

**The Weight of Freedom** brings readers up to date on the current state of Seattle and how independence is weighing on it and shaping it. **Seattle Basics** then provides the essential information about the sprawl as a whole.

After that, Seattle’s thirteen major districts are described in individual chapters. Those chapters contain an **Overview** to ground you in the basics of that area, a brief description of **The Vibe** of the district, followed by the **Extremely Local Forecast** to help readers understand where the district is headed. The **Hotspots** section covers key locations in each district everyone should know about, including places of particular interest to shadowrunners. The **Allies and Enemies** section details some of the powerful individuals and groups in each district, with some thoughts on how they might help or hinder work in the shadows. Finally, **Local Character** provides some qualities that people in the district might have, helping shape PCs and NPCs who might spring out of these areas.

_Emerald City_ is a great guide to the sprawl on its own, and it also works with the _Shadowrun, Sixth World City Edition: Seattle_ to use the city as a springboard for adventures and campaigns. Seattle has long had darker shadows, deeper pockets, and murkier secrets than any other place in the Sixth World, and none of that has changed. It’s only intensified, as the powers of the city realize it can be tough to rally against a common enemy when just about everyone is against you. There’s plenty of tension, but that also means intrigue and shadow work, particularly for runners who can rise to the top.
