---
id: EC-0084
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Federated-Boeing Auburn Facility
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Federated-Boeing Auburn Facility

As the single largest employer in Auburn, where FB goes the district follows. They have a massive union base, but there’s open fear that the facility could try to break them, driving a serious racial backlash against the district’s orks. General harassment in the southern half of Auburn is climbing as trucks of Humanis thugs roll around, reminding the orks to mind their place and not try anything. Any pushback against these are, of course, seen as “violent thuggery” by the authorities, who send the humans home and round up the orks. Everyone knows how the lines are drawn, but so far, it’s remained almost entirely non-violent.

FB used to do some research here, but that’s since been moved off-site, with the Auburn facility now focused entirely on construction and engineering. Most of the facility handles standard work, but military contract work is reserved for Hangar #4, and being selected to work there is a high mark in someone’s career.

- Work never stops here, running 24/7. This has led to more automation across the board, including drone-based security. Spiders run the show from central security, but the military wing has a crew unique to it who use a much higher grade of drone and who are authorized to shoot first, then shoot again, before asking questions.

broken. The area is upscale, featuring a small café, plenty of nice shops, the office of Dan Hausen (alderman for Maple Valley, Humanis member, and leading candidate for the next Auburn mayor), and a good, wholesome church. It’s weird seeing smiling old ladies sitting around, enjoying tea, and knitting while dropping just terrible things about metahumans, but, well, that’s just how the community rolls. Humans make up more than ninety percent of the local residents, with elves and dwarfs filling in most of the remainder, and they’ll let anyone and everyone know that if it wasn’t for Those People bringing crime with them from the Underground, they’d surely have a peaceful community again.

- More than one of us has an uncle who’s a member of Humanis and makes a scene at family gatherings. Maple Valley’s basically composed of all those uncles in a gestalt form. Oh, there’s no violence, that’s “beneath” them, but they’d love to have a “peaceful cleansing,” where the metahumans just up and left the district. Were that to happen, they’re sure that their kids and grandkids would then flock back to Auburn to take the jobs that are being “stolen” by “lazy orks” and they’d be able to rebuild a “proper” community.

- Slamm-0!

- Is that why Keith’s not invited to your mother’s holiday gatherings?!

- Netcat

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Stone
