---
id: EC-0187
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: UK
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## UK

The UK is no stranger to losing territory to uppity citizens. They know the political turmoil after departure and are planning to take advantage of it, since this time it wasn’t them on the losing end. They’d also love to have an ally in Seattle. The port may be halfway around the world, but it’s still a port, and it would extend their reach, which was something they were all about a few centuries ago.

- The UK is just scouting a spot for their deeptrain! London to Seattle in an hour! It’s the next step!

- DeepWorlder

- Ummm … how did that get in here?

- Netcat

- The vetting algorithm let the comment sit. Looking at the data for it, this deeptrain is not a complete fantasy. I even found an article that claimed the tech was there, but the dragons were keeping production down in order to avoid us finding their secret city beneath the Earth’s crust.

  - So I guess that’s something?

- Glitch

- A deeptrain paper by Dr. Belsevia Franachka has a lot of surprisingly decent information on how to do this and make linear track lines from point to point directly through the earth. It even has a bunch of formulas on how heat energy is converted to power the trains’ propulsion and protective field. After seeing what S-K did around Boston, I’m not entirely sure

- this isn’t feasible. Did we just get dropped some serious deepshadows stuff in the middle of Seattle update on Council Island?

- **>** /dev/grrl

**>** Best place to hide it. No one’s going to read this drek. **>** Sounder
