---
id: EC-0033
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Government
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Government

To say the government of Seattle matters more than ever is an understatement. In a sad kind of way, they’re the last bastion of leadership keeping the corps from carving up the city wholesale.

- Kay St. Irregular

While the structure of the metroplex is almost inevitably going to experience significant changes to reflect its newly independent state, it’s far more expedient to keep things as they are for the moment. That means the last governor elected, Corinne Potter, is still holding the reins of power in the Emerald City. Of course, it’s not as simple as that. Potter ran on a Technocrat ticket, promising to eliminate politicos and bureaucracy in favor of high-observation automation and data collation, a step toward a supposedly automated city of efficiency that responds automatically to the needs of its citizens. In the roughly three years since she took office, the administration has made big moves toward hyper-surveillance, intrusive spyware, and endless questionnaires and surveys to feed the machine of progress. But outside of Downtown, there hasn’t been much progress.

Part of the obstruction comes in the form of the United Corporate Council, the assembled advisory body of corporate bodies in Seattle who “serve” to coordinate with the Governor’s office for the mutual prosperity of everyone. Which is a joke. You don’t need a lot of imagination to see why they have so little interest in hypermonitoring facilities and an effective police state, especially as they have that market cornered in their own enclaves. In a sense, they’re keeping their rival down, and while they have limited ability to stop it from happening in Downtown, they’ve kept it from creeping outward into other districts in any significant form, which has taken the teeth from Potter’s promise. This means that a lot of the work she’s done has effectively gone to pot (get it?), and it’s going to have to be shelved until the city is sorted out, as there’s simply bigger fish to fry.

- Don’t count on it. If anything, Potter is going to double down however she can. Her philosophy is all about control, and to her mind, that control is what’s going to secure the city—and her hold over it.
