---
id: EC-0508
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies Blood Mountain Boys
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies Blood Mountain Boys

The BMB are a mixed-metatype gang that’s been through a lot of changes over the years. At one time they were known for a distinct neo-urban tribalism look, complete with permanent “war paint” of facial tattoos, and they were famous for their week-long, mind-blowing parties. After the BMB pushed Knight Errant a little too far, KE hit back hard with a vendetta, almost wiping out the Boys by ’75. The surviving members built the gang back as a very different organization. The permanent tattoos that made them so easy to spot were replaced with ballistic masks that had their paint schemes but could be hidden when they wanted to blend in. The gang also remained active in running chips and drugs, but they have adopted anethos of “don’t drek where you eat.” While the gang members mostly live in East Renton now, all of the gang’s activities occur outside of that area. Their chip- and drug-trafficking operations are run from several clubhouses along Route 169. These are also the sites of their still-occurring week-long parties, but members quietly return to Four Lakes or Spring Lake when they’re over. The Boys seem to be volunteering with the East Watch as a way to keep hidden and actively protect their turf. All of these undercover practices have led to a fair amount of paranoia with the Renton population at large—since there’s no way for them to tell who may be a Blood Mountain Boy, anyone who acts the least bit wild or rebellious is under suspicion.

**>** The rebuilt version of the gang seems to have attracted numerous Awakened members. Several street shamans run with the gang, as well as some powerful physical adepts. **>** Haze
