---
id: EC-0077
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

Traditionally, the northern sections that border Renton are where the wealthiest residents live, with the district getting poorer and poorer as you head south, with those on the Puyallup border being the worst-off in the entire district. There are pockets of exception here or there but, as a general rule, this holds true. Those who can see Renton try to live the high life that they see but can’t quite afford, while those who can see Puyallup scramble so that they never fall into those depths. As long as they’re ahead of Those People, it doesn’t matter how far below the others they are.

The perception is that crime predominately happens in the southern parts of the district, and over three quarters of all arrests happen in that half of the district, but the focus on petty crime hides the rampant domestic abuse, white-collar crime, and organized-crime operations elsewhere.

The biggest issue in the region, however, is multi-pronged. The older residents worked hardto send their kids off to get a good education so that they could get better jobs and not work themselves to death. When those kids come back with the education their parents paid for, they get rejected for having “forgot who they are” and “putting on airs,” or thinking that they’re “too good” to do the same jobs their parents do, despite those same parents sending them off to learn so that they didn’t have to do those jobs. Those kids use their education to get better jobs in different parts of the sprawl, or even join corporate zones, draining youth in the area and keeping the overall education level from going up. The parents, older and less able to handle the workload, can’t keep the factory running without fresh blood, so instead of their kids, they get new hires that, for the past few years, have been almost entirely orks who have been priced out of the Underground as it gentrifies. This, in turn, leads to aging humans complaining that the district “ain’t what it used to be” and they lay the blame on the rising ork minority, who expected to be welcomed as equals on the workfloor but wind up being socially ostracized at company softball games, Sunday picnics, and so on. The Humanis Policlub, who have always had Auburn as an expansion target, have stepped in and made huge inroads in only a few short years. The more militant views are being held back for more socially acceptable ones, like students wearing “It’s OK to be Human” shirts at all the local schools. This has led to the orks finding community with those they knew underground, and with orks who are natives to the district, producing more meta-racial divides.

With Seattle’s breakaway from the UCAS, local factories are starting to flex some long-unused union-breaking muscles. Bowman Metal Works took one look at a union strike and didn’t blink … but grinned. They fired every single worker, replacing them with orks freshly imported from the Underground. The union men turned into a mob, which was broken up by Lone Star officers hired by Bowman for this exact reason. Within forty-eight hours, not a single union worker was left at the plant, and while production has stuttered, the new hires are making a third of what the old workers did and don’t have benefits, so Bowman considers it a win.

- Let me tell you, watching a bunch of breeders getting their heads cracked by the Star while a bunch of tuskers sat around, eating sandwiches and enjoying the show? Never thought I’d see it in my lifetime.

- Sounder

Other companies have assured their workers that there won’t be changes, reckoning that Seattle will have labor laws akin to the UCAS, but it’s an open secret that all of them are preparing to move

depending on what comes together. This makes the workers nervous, but they put less blame on management than on those willing to work for cheap. That those hires happen to be orks is surely a coincidence.

- Yeah, yeah, breeders vs. tuskers, we all know this song and dance. Why doesn’t anybody ever talk about the elf drain? Over half of Auburn’s elf population has gone away in the past thirty years. What happened? Why did they bail? Where did they go? Why does no one ever talk about this? Am I alone in this?

- **>** Deathbird

Traditionally, the Mafia and the Yakuza had a semi-truce in Auburn, due to being involved in different areas. The Mob controlled transportation, politics, construction, and other “virtues.” The Yakuza focused on prostitution, gambling, BTLs, and other “vices.” By not encroaching on each other’s toes, there were far fewer incidents between the two syndicates than elsewhere in Seattle. As the unions have crumbled, the Mafia’s lost a ton of influence; at the same time, the depression settling in to the older generation has led to an uptick in distracting vices. This has emboldened the Yakuza, who are now moving into Mafia-owned areas as the Mob retreats—they have taken complete control of Enumclaw at this point. The Ciarniello Family still controls Maple Valley, Covington, and Auburn proper, but they’re facing a similar demographic problem as the rest of the district, with young people not wanting to join while the senior operatives are, well, becoming ever more senior. The Yakuza have youth and vigor on their side, if not numbers … yet.
