---
id: EC-0478
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Renton Hotspots - North Renton
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Renton Hotspots

## North Renton

Bordering Redmond along I-90 and Bellevue north of 900, North Renton consists of Issaquah and Cougar Mountain. Plus, the former Z-zone of Olympic City.

Located east of Issaquah and just across I-90 from Olympic Park, **Olympic City** was built on the Tradition Lake plateau to house athletes and support staff during the 2076 Olympic Games. Numerous hotels, restaurants, and nightclubs also sprang up on the undeveloped land, believing the influx of tourists would kickstart development. After the games ended, the housing facilities were shuttered, and the commercial developments slowly died off, SINless squatters started to migrate into the neighborhood from other districts. Many of these new immigrants were ork families displaced by the gentrification of the Seattle UnderRENTONground. A second wave of new residents started arriving in the neighborhood after the Seattle government reclaimed the housing facilities, relocating people from the ACHE to the area. Olympic City currently has a C rating from OmniStar, up from the Knight Errant D, mainly because the government is requiring them to provide some service to the new residents.

**Issaquah** is a mixed-use commercial/residential area and has a high population density, with most of its residents living in low-rent apartment buildings. It is the oldest neighborhood in North Renton, carries a B security rating from OmniStar, and is best described as a lower-middle, working-class neighborhood. It has a higher percentage of SINless and metahumans than most other Renton neighborhoods, but the rest of the residents don’t seem to mind very much. The Mafia and the Yakuza both have a strong presence in Issaquah, with chips, drugs, gambling, and sex workers all being easy to find.

**Cougar Mountain** has the old resort area and a relatively new neighborhood being developed along the 900 corridor southeast of the mountain, with most of the new growth centered around the Apep Consortium Library. The Cougar Mountain neighborhood carries an A security rating from OmniStar.
