---
id: EC-0614
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: '> TunnelRat'
page: 198
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** TunnelRat

Before we move on, let’s talk pathways. Zones are usually connected via several routes, though none of them could be properly called “highways.” Most are footpaths that are occasionally big enough to run a moped or small bike through, so it takes a bit of walking to get from zone to zone beneath the ground. They all have topside access points, though they are often unmarked and hard to find. A faster public transit system is under consideration, but there are a lot of infrastructure aspects to consider and even more pockets that need to be filledto grease the works. If you needed to get from the furthest south point to the furthest north, it would take about twenty hours of walking. You can make the same trip in a car in about an hour.

- Those entrances are also protected by local gangs who split their territory above and below. Beware these rabid new Cerberuses, for they guard their portals with zeal and a desire for gold.

- Ire

- The infrastructure plans are a hotbed of shadow activity as the AAAs fight off the efforts of more local operations. The locals are usually backed by an AA or even an AAA not willing to go toe to toe with the top construction players. Enjoy the nuyen flow, but ease off trashing our Underground.

- Bull

**Zone Three** is a community living in interconnected, partially filled caverns with outlets along Lake Union large enough for small fishing boats. There are also a few completely flooded passages big enough for a small sub (or a water dragon). The largest settlement in Zone Three, known as Fisherman’s Cove, opens to Union Bay by the Cirrus Hotel. They’re close enough to the main zones that they get a lot of travel, but they isolate themselves by focusing on bringing seafood down into the local markets and having a large transient population. Their residents are often out on fishing boats for large portions of the year. This creates times when they are on shore to be a bit rowdy and revelrous, which overflows into Downtown at times.

**Zone Four** is just south of the core zones, essentially bounded by I-5 and the freeway. It’s home to some great resale and repair shops, and the citizens come up on a regular basis to do some street peddling in Downtown. They keep it low key to avoid legal complications and to prevent the Star from coming down on them.

**Zone Five** centers beneath the Beacon Hills areas, with many of those living there surviving off the cast-offs from the rich surface districts. It’s ironic that the poorest section of the Underground lies under this wealthy area. Residents gather trash and sift through it to sell worthwhile finds to the fixers in Four. Now that the Underground is an official district, Garrick Tregoe has opened a pair of restaurants that are fully prepared to welcome those from above. Garrick’s Grotto and Tregoe Under serve small-dish orkish cuisine, softened and moderated for the common palate. The Grotto is accessed via a garden apartment, while Tregoe Under has a glass-box elevator at the surface that brings guests down. Both are also still accessible from the Underground, but those entrances are just boring doors.

**Zone Six** is one of the most populous regions in the district. It runs under much of the section north of the core zones and south of Union Bay and

Portage Bay. Residences for many of those who work on Tourist Highway are here, along with the squats of many of the orks who lived down here before it was a district and would have preferred to keep it that way. Infrastructure improvements by Renraku are leading to a lot of conflicts with the longtime residents. Many of their homes are not up to code, and the cost to bring them to code often comes with a Renraku SIN, a big debt, and a job down here to work it off. Some new businesses are getting built and luring topsiders down, but the vastness of this area’s labyrinthine locales keeps them from wandering out of the shops and into the actual Underground.

**Zone Seven** occupies the patch of land bordered by Elliot Bay on the south and the waterway between Lake Union and Shilshole Bay. Inside this Zone are over a dozen smaller communities that each have their own flavor (and usually metatype). Orks are concentrated in half of them, but two are almost entirely elven, two are troll settlements built a little bigger for them, three are dwarf neighborhoods that seem to be coming up to date faster than the rest, while the remainder seem to be where humans in this area are corralled by their prejudices. It’s an interesting arrangement, and while it has decreased random metaracial violence, it makes governing more difficult, as each group is only concerned with themselves. For those coming down from above, you get cultural foods and elements in each area that are reflected by the clusters of shops and food stalls in the neighborhood. Options to learn about the cultures and get some of the most authentic dishes around are two great reasons to come down and visit.

- Or if you have any kind of metatype-based prejudice, these are great places to set up. Sons of Sauron, Humanis, the Axegrinders, GreenFuture, etc. If they hate other metas, they’ve got support in Seven.
