---
id: EC-0620
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Crime Under Ground
page: 204
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crime Under Ground

No talk of the future of the Underground can be had without talking about crime and punishment. It’s especially important because, as an official district, things are changing drastically and quickly. Some of the changes aren’t much of a surprise, but a big one was not what the people expected when Prop 23 got that big Yay vote.

The Underground always had crime, but it was never the rampant haven of violence and theft that the other districts always tried to make it out to be. They just wanted a scapegoat for when they couldn’t catch their criminals by just saying they slipped into the Ork Underground. The truth was, down under the city back in those days, the crime was mostly petty theft by kids, violence between gangs, or collateral damage by runners hitting a secret lab. Crimes between the citizens were rare. Now, with all the money moving down and tourism on the rise, violence and crime are booming. These new tourists bring in new money and they become a target for those who are getting displaced and becoming displeased with the new direction of the district. That, alongside the new residents (read dwarfs) that are moving down and gentrifying some spots while becoming the slumlords of others being overlooked by the old “gentlemen’s agreement” that kept the Underground a safe space.

- Not to mention the anti-dwarf sentiment that is developing. It was already a seething undertone, but now it’s out and in your face on a daily basis. Sure, you can be a dwarf and have ork and troll friends from the Underground, but on average if you’re a dwarf, stick to the brighter neighborhoods because the lowminded thugs are always looking for a target.

- Lyran

Three forces control most of the syndicated criminal enterprises down here: the Yakuza, Seoulpa Rings, and Skraacha. The Yakuza are coming in with Renraku, and while usually associated with MCT, they are getting along awfully chummily with their fellow Nippon cousins, probably because they’re making nuyen hand-over-fist. As it stands, the Yaks are moving in bunraku and gambling parlors that meet the needs of more of those high rollers who are moving down with their money.

The problem is, that comes with conflict from the other criminal forces—in particular the Seoulpa Rings, who had a heavy focus on gambling down here already. Expect scuffles on occasion, but for those reading this, expect jobs to come your way from conflicts that need to be kept quiet to avoid the wrong kinds of attention.

That leaves us to mention the Skraacha. They’re a gang, sure, but they have spent a lot of time down here hooding and keeping the peace back when the Star wouldn’t interfere. Since the district went official, they’ve become a target. They’re trying to expand their illegal activities, but the other syndicates and the law are all coming after them. You should not be surprised if you see them slowly shift out of the Underground and make a home aboveground, with some ties back to their subterranean history.

- It’s not what they expected, but in order to continue supplying the people of the Underground with that hooder money, they’ve jumped into another criminal field. Several members have invested in themselves and banded together to operate as runner teams. They have a good base to start from, though they lack some of the nuance and skills of a regular team.

- Fianchetto

- You give runner teams too much credit. 90% of the crews out there are just bands of disjointed misfits who work together for cash and barely keep from killing each other over the course of a job. Having the same pre-existing brotherhood to fall back on may limit their life exposure and connections, but it means they skip over the power struggle and just work to get the job done.

- **>** Stone

Trying to make their policing as unobtrusive as possible, Lone Star has moved down into the Underground without adding a bunch of precinct offices to the district, and instead runs most of their operations from precincts in the districts above. There are a few subterranean precincts and some of the surface precincts are simply above the Underground ones. Naysayers view this as evidence that the Underground’s official status is only temporary, though now that some time has passed, it seems like it’s just Lone Star’s way of keeping out of arm’s reach. They have no apparent plans to change this policing strategy—overall, it seems to be keeping their officers safe and the district from going completely to the wolves.

Lone Star Underground patrols also have different uniforms. Rather than the standard navy blue and yellow, patrols in the Underground wear white

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

ALLIESshirts with yellow piping, a navy-blue tie, and navy blue pants. They still have the traditional logo, and their badges look like the rest of the tin stars, but the uniforms are brighter and honestly, they look more friendly. This doesn’t actually make them more friendly, but it makes them easier for their fellow officers to spot when they need backup.

- It’s wise to point out that this patrolling is focused on the retail spaces of the districts. They respond to homes only if they are officially addressed, and even then they usually take too long to be effective help.

- Butch

- Typical Star.

- Black Knight
