---
id: EC-0349
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Vibe
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vibe

It’s like an old folks’ home, except all the old folks have the cash for leónization. The working poor are an unseen class, while the locals live out the dreams they never managed in their lifetimes— including some seriously twisted drek we’ll talk about later. I’m not keen on talking ill about people or places, but Anderson is a bland hoop name for a mercurial cesspool.

The locals have the cash for private security, and they burn it on the best. Just a fair warning. If they’re going after you non-lethal, don’t return the favor out of some gold-hearted moral desire for a fair fight. They want you alive so they can feed you to the wolves. Sometimes literally.

- Rumors talk of runners who are sent to Anderson on milk runs only to get pinched by security and never heard from again. Used as living entertainment, they’re hunted, fed to paranormals, or just played with to feed the twisted desires of the other rich frags on this island.

- Ire

Just so you know, they also have very little local economy left. The servant class are usually fed by their owners, I mean bosses (no I don’t). The rich order in all they need, and the small transient servile population knows not to end their workday on the island. The corporate facilities on the island are fairly self-contained, and the rare occasions when intermingling occurs, it’s strange parties full of stressed-out wageslaves and rich youth trying to piss off mommy and daddy (and it’s still happening when they’re in their forties and fifties).
