---
id: EC-0295
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Hotspots - Urban Combat Simulator
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspots

## Urban Combat Simulator

Located south of McChord Airfield, the Urban Combat Simulator (UCS) is still considered to be the pinnacle in modern warfare training technology thanks to continuous upgrades in its almost-fifty-year existence. First completed in 2038, the original UCS was designed to mimic downtown Seattle (minus a few landmarks), and used thenstate-of-the-art ASIST technology in conjunction with closed-circuit cameras to give the illusion of movement throughout an urban landscape while also simulating weapons fire.

In 2070, the UCAS government authorized a massive upgrade and expansion of the UCS. These upgrades were finally completed in 2079, resulting in a near complete overhaul of the UCS and representing a quantum leap in technology and training doctrine.

- Yeah. But the UCS was also a major factor in why JTF: Seattle was so damn good. Their wargames and simulations were about as close as one could get to actual combat, all without the pesky death part.

- Hard Exit

The current UCS is now a series of buildings that use a combination of modern ASIST, AR/ VR, and holographic technologies but are also backed up by new Modular Building and Structure Simulators (MoBSS) and Environmental Simulation Systems (ESS). When used in conjunction with each other, the digital systems overlay on the MoBSS can be used to literally recreate any location or environment on the planet complete with weather conditions thanks to the ESS. Each building is typically used for a specific kind of terrain (urban, jungle, desert, arctic, etc.). Each building can be run independently from its own command and control center, or in cases of massive war exercises; training operations can be coordinated through the main command center located in the main complex (the first UCS building). Known as “Space Fleet HQ,” this command center also doubles as the UCS’ cybercombat training hub.



- In previous years, access to the UCS was restricted to UCAS personnel or those given special dispensation. With the IMA moving in, the Seattle Government has issued a mandate allowing select mercenary units from outside the SMAF to make use of the facilities.

- Picador

- This also means that security in and around the UCS is even tighter than it was before. And don’t think that because the door has been opened a bit that just anyone can get in. Access is still highly controlled, and the request-for-use list is long.

- Danger Sensei

- Yeah, that security is no joke. No surprise that they employ a lot of ex-mercs. Still, a lot of vice and shady drek goes down at AWOL Station, but Bordeaux and her staff keep a tight lid on it and away from general business in the district and public at large. You follow the station rules, you’re fine. Step out of line, and you’re often leaving in an ambulance at best, a body bag at worst. They have zero tolerance for too much out-of-control fraggery.

- Stone

- Also helps that the IMA likes to do business there and has thrown their support Bordeaux’s way.

- Picador
