---
id: EC-0528
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: 'SNOHOMISH - Posted by: Snohomish Son'
page: 169
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SNOHOMISH

## Posted by: Snohomish Son

I am so thankful that someone finally saw the value of getting the lowdown from a genuine, bornand-raised son of Snohomish. Too many people aren’t willing to be honest and talk about the truths that affect our district every day. Whether it’s the sanctioned smuggling coming out of Everett, the sewer folk of Redmond flowing northward, or the invasion that might be amassing by our thin eastern border, Snohomish’s pure and pristine culture is being perpetually threatened by unsavory elements.

Let me offer some quick basics. Snohomish is the second-most northern of Seattle’s districts. It borders Redmond, Everett, Bellevue, Downtown, and the Salish-Shidhe Council. (It also suffers an infestation from below, as a portion of the Underground runs into Bothell.) All of these borders mean a lot of potential unwanted influences on our classic corner of Americana. We’ve got less developed land than any other district, and we treasure our country charm, with our farms and antique

shops. We’re big enough to make a political stink if we need to, but we prefer to keep our voice down and our district clean. From eco-friendly agribusinesses to farmers who still care about the soil more than the nuyen, Snohomish is the pure breadbasket of Seattle and an asset this blossoming free state is going to need, so it must be treasured and tended.

**>** I’ll trim the bile and focus. Snohomish’s value has skyrocketed now that Seattle needs to think as an independent nation rather than a protectorate. As for that farmer drek, it’s better as fertilizer than fact. Snohomish is all ag-biz. They hide well with mom-and-pop farm names, but the AROs make sure to tell you who owns the air you breathe and the seeds being grown.

**>** Glitch
