---
id: EC-0588
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Ivan Ivanovich and the Vory
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ivan Ivanovich and the Vory

Ivan Ivanovich (the fourth of his name that I know of) sits on Dock 44, having long ago come to terms with the Nagano Gumi. They allow him to operate in their territory, and allow Vory-aligned ships to dock there without interference, and in exchange he sells them heavy weapons at a discount while refusing sales to Mafia-aligned groups. As long as those basic rules are followed, he can sell to anyone else he wants, and the Yaks don’t take a cut. It’s a win-win for everyone involved, and the status quo has been kept up by Ohno without any struggle. Ivan mostly sells cheap Russian surplus goods (AK-97s and 98s, grenades, RPGs, and so on) but can order up pretty much any sort of bangbang or boomboom upon request—payment in advance, delivery in thirty days.

- The third Ivan was in place for two decades, but he recently retired and has been replaced by the new Ivan, who insists that he’s the one who’s always been here. He’s laid-back, with jewel-studded teeth, gold chains, and tracksuits for days, and he seems content to keep selling arms without pressing for a larger slice of the crime pie.

Tacoma in my lifetime. The last mobster in the district is the long-retired Tony Gianelli, grandfather to current don Joseph Gianelli, once a skilled legbreaker who these days gets around with the help of a walker since his own legs have long since gone out. (Chummer was born in the twentieth century! I’m shocked he can even stand up!) A handful of “associates” are always around to keep him safe, and there are a dozen or so Mob-friendly businesses within a three-block radius of Gianelli’s Pizza, but the war’s over and everyone knows it. At this point, the Yaks are allowing him to live out the last few years of his life in peace, and they will quietly absorb the last Mafia holdings after his passing. Nobody talks about the understanding, and there’s bravado in the words of the locals but resignation in their eyes.
