---
id: EC-0294
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: One With Nature
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## One With Nature

Most new visitors to Fort Lewis are surprised to learn that the majority of the district is pristine wilderness. The official reason for this is twofold: to maintain a genuine nature preserve (specifically the Zoological Gardens) and to have a real meatworld location where troops can train. With recent events, interest in expanding the nature preserve aspect of that mandate has received additional attention as certain groups have begun to lobby the new Seattle Government, asking that the SMAF relinquish control of most (approximately eighty percent) of the designated preservation areas, including the Zoological Gardens, to a newly formed coalition calling themselves the Green Alliance.

Made up of various eco-first organizations, nature-based magical groups, and several anonymous members, the Green Alliance (GA) has been exerting a surprising amount of political influence. While most in the new Seattle Government consider this nothing more than a blatant land-grab, the GA has proposed a sort of land lease where they facilitate the maintenance and preservation of the land (basically acting as contractors) while the Seattle Government maintains ownership rights. Overall, the proposal has gotten little traction, mostly because of SMAF pushback, but the proposal is still being considered by many current government officials.

- I can tell you why the SMAF doesn’t want to give up the forest. It goes back to what was said about UCAS black research projects. There have been steady rumors for the last twenty years that the UCAS military used Fort Lewis’ forests to field test (and sometimes literally bury) cutting-edge bio-drones and other forms of bio-research. Even the remains of these experiments would be a treasure trove of bio-engineering data.

- Butch

- Yeah, no way the military is gonna want to let anyone near that.

- **>** Stone

- I’m more concerned with this Green Alliance. I don’t recognize any of the leaders or board members (which is disconcerting), except one elf slag named Samson DiAngelo. He was kicked out of TerraFirst! and a host of other eco-terrorist groups for being too aggressive. He’s all cleaned up now with a small PR firm (Horizon affiliated) at his back. Now, he may have changed, but if he hasn’t, it may be really bad news.

- Ecotrope



- WOW, whEn One eco-teRRorist calls ANother ouT, you KNOW it’s GOTTa be baAAAd!

  - Sucks they only got, what, maybe three years out of it?

  - Mika

- Electric Blue

- Seriously, are you okay?

- Netcat
