---
id: EC-0142
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Brickyard
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Brickyard

Officially known as Bellevue Correctional Facility, this prison has changed ownership multiple times over the last few decades. The one constant is that there are high-profile white-collar criminals kept here and they don’t escape, no matter what corp signs the paychecks. In fact, the registry only lists two prisoner escapes in the past thirty years.

- There’s been more. In the brief period in the ’40s, when KE got their hands on the place, they discovered that Lone Star had covered up a dozen escapes, some of them high-profile criminals who were supposedly still locked away. Again in ’78, when KE stole the contract away from the Star a second time, they found multiple discrepancies in the records that show that the number of prisoners in lockup doesn’t match with who should be there.

- **>** Star Loner

- Part of that may have been the off-the-book deposits Lone Star’s Shadowriders are known for. The Star will occasionally hold prisoners in facilities such as these without putting them onthe books and without charges until they can extract whatever information they need for them. Places like the Brickyard are perfect for it, because they are already set up for socalled “enhanced rehabilitation techniques,” which is military shorthand for torture. Bellevue Lone Star in particular uses experimental magical techniques for rehabilitation purposes, which makes it more likely the missing or extra people on the list were victimized by the cops.

**>** Lyran
