---
id: EC-0064
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: '> Mika'
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Mika

If you want to go with something personal and motorized, you can manage an overland route if you know the backroads that avoids the checkpoints, but all the major highways cross at checkpoints, and you’re going to need paperwork. If you don’t have those papers, talk to the Cascade Crow or Cascade Orks and get a guide to show you the way.

- They’ll take you across those routes that are far enough from detection, usually based on your ride. They love electric rides,

since they can slink close by patrolled paths without getting heard or seen.

**>** Stone

- I snuck across once, and we were less than five meters from a patrol. We were on a lower path using modded Papooses while the Ranger patrol grumbled along on their Growlers. Couldn’t hear or see us, and we paralleled them for more than four klicks.

- **>** Mika

The Salish only authorize a few crossings via the major highways. The three major highway routes that cross the border are on the I-5 and I-90. The I-5 is used for north and south access, while the east route comes over the old I-90. They all have a virtual checkpoint five kilometers from the border, where identifications are scanned and are compared to thermals for a bodycount inside the vehicle. The thermals are also used to scan for signs of distress or illness. If there’s a problem, you’re flagged to pull off and present for inspection in person. The line for inspection usually only adds about ten minutes, but during high-traffic times (after sports games in Portland, for example) they can cost you an hour or two. Late night stops are usually even shorter, but all it takes is one dumbhoop runner crew to drek it all up. Important to note: This stop station is a full kilometer from the actual border. If you make a run for it, they have a full 1,000 meters to make your life miserable. Drones are always in the area, and they’ll fall on you like a polar bear on a baby seal.

- Bribes are commonly accepted here, but be slick. Credsticks are key! Physical cash works, and if you have a regular connection, you can always exchange data or something you might have picked up for them across the border.

- Traveler Jones

Smaller crossings dot the border, but using them mixes danger and expense. If you have a connection, you may be able to pay your way past, but if you don’t, you need a clean SIN and you can’t have anything the Salish are going to want to keep out of Seattle, which as it turns out is just about everything. Not wanting to look as if they are lax and fueling any unrest in Seattle the Salish prefer to keep those border restrictions tight, and so do those on the Seattle side.

- The border crossings in Snohomish are particularly draconic. They refuse to let anything come across from the NAN. Only pure Seattle citizens (read humans) pass through with little trouble. Everyone else gets excessive scrutiny. There is no point coming through this route unless you have to.

- Mika

- If you want a reliable group to connect with for smuggling, the Ancients still have reliable runs up from Tír and through the

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



SSC. They keep that pipeline to the homeland flowing. The trip is usually direct, and they tend to not stop in the SSC, which helps keep the authorities off their back by taking goods from Tír Tairngire and running them straight to Seattle in a locked cargo hauler.

- Thorn

- If you aren’t in good with the Ancients and you take them up on this, you can very well find yourself dumped somewhere you don’t want to be. I know one Humanis loyalist who got his whole team stuck on the slow boat to Canton as the Ancients dumped him off on a cargo ship.

- Bull

Public transportation via bus or XGuide ride works as well, but they pre-scan ticket holders before the border checkpoint. It’s also tougher to offer a bribe with a cab full of onlookers. If a bus gets routed off, someone is almost always going to get detained. Even if they need to find something minor, the border guards can’t slow everyone down and then not give them a scapegoat. Bad for business.

- Smart teams often run most of the team over the border in plain clothes with decent IDs while one or two use a smuggler to haul all their kit over. The small smuggling op is less likely to get detected, and the norms on the bus are rarely ever checked.

- **>** Traveler Jones

Last major land access is by rail. A high-speed rail runs from San Francisco to Seattle. It goes through Tír Tairngire but doesn’t stop there. The whole ride is about two hours, and all the ident checks are done before departure. This was the only rail for the longest time, but as an expansion to connecting with the UCAS another high-speed rail was completed by Amtrak, via special extraterritorial megacorporate contracts. It runs from St. Louis to Seattle with no stops (though there was a planned stop in Denver before it turned into dragonland). Taking this train to Seattle takes twelve hours and leaves at 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. each day. It is a beautiful ride through the mountains and countryside. It’s all pre-checked, and border security rarely stops the train unless they absolutely know someone got on who isn’t supposed to be. Several smuggling outfits have taken to hacking trains to stop them and then sneaking some extra cargo on board, but it’s a dangerous ploy, since as soon as the train system detects an unscheduled delay, they start extra monitoring and unscheduled stops get a dozen top-mounted drones deployed to scan for trouble. Usually the hackers hit the train in one of the dozen tunnels it passes through moving through the mountains.

- Wait … since MCT owns California Rapid Transit, operators of the SanFran-Seattle line, as well as Amtrak, operators of the St.

Louis-Seattle line, they own both major rails in. Now we know who the biggest smugglers in Seattle are!

**>** Rigger X

The most well-known (and most heavily used) access to Seattle is by air through the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and Semi-ballistic Launch Station, a.k.a. Sea-Tac. Flights from around the world come in, every one of them now considered an international flight. Seattle is still in the midst of trying to convert the airport to handle it, while maintaining the small section of low-security needed to handle local air traffic bouncing around the metroplex. Getting in safely is based partly on the security of the airport you leave and then having either a clean SIN or great connections when you get into Sea-Tac. Enough shady business goes on that it’s expected you’ll be able to pay a few bribes to persuade people to occasionally look the other way, but that’s as far as it should go, as Sea-Tac will not tolerate violence on their grounds.

- That includes out on the runways and in the hangars. If you need to cause trouble on Sea-Tac dirt, have a suppressor and keep it focused and limited. Be smart, be safe.


## **>** Mika

While Sea-Tac handles most of the major incoming traffic, several smaller airfields dot the metroplex. Most just handle small internal flights from small planes, VTOLs, and the like, but a few can handle a jumbo jet in a pinch. Namely, Federated-Boeing Airfield, just a smidge north of SeaTac, and Paine Field up in Everett. The UCAS ran a field in Ft. Lewis that was focused on VTOLs and STOLs, and it has a pair of runways that can be used to for rocket-assisted take-offs for larger aircraft but aren’t long enough to land anything without a cable-assisted brake. And all that does is tear the wheels off a passenger jet.

- There are also private, corporate, and medical helipads all over the metroplex, not to mention shadow-landing spots dotting the barrens and several of the parks with large flat patches that aren’t always easy to come by.

- Turbo Bunny

Access by sea is certainly the slowest route, and international entry is well controlled, with all traffic coming through the Port of Seattle. It is one of the most active on this coast and thus offers a lot of traffic to hide in if you’ve got good credentials. Upon docking, all passengers and workers looking to come into the city need to check in with the Port Authority. Smart smugglers pull off cargo out away from the port and take smaller craft into remote beach spots on the shore or private harbors and docks. Outremer used to get a decent amount of smuggling traffic, but new powers in town haveshifted a lot of that over to Everett and the south end of Tacoma, usually slipping along through the narrow waters between the Outremer islands and Salish shores.

- Plenty of those smuggled goods head over to land in the SSC and get hauled around and down to Puyallup, where it’s a little easier to haul it across the border via land.

- Sounder
