---
id: EC-0116
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Corp Scene
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corp Scene

Just because it’s called a DMZ doesn’t mean it is one. The game is just played by different rules. Corporations remain the largest employers in Bellevue. Mitsuhama, Gaeatronics, Microdeck, and Centurion are the big local players, employing more than half the population collectively. MCT runs the grid. Gaeatronics runs the power. Microdeck provides the end-user software, and Centurion deals in finance and human resources. Below that, Horizon has been making inroads under the guise of Lifeline and Columbia Industries. They are the main educational simsoft provider to the city, holding both the K-12 and community college district contracts. As you can guess, all of these corps relying on each other can get rather tense. Here, the tension balance is a good thing, like stretching the skin of a drum tight so that it makes a sound. Each corp knows that this only works so long as they all keep a steady beat on that tightly stretched surface. That in turn fuels a rich shadow economy for people like us to do what we do best. Datasteals and transport jobs are the noodles and water shadowrunning here, but there’s a lot of space for white-hat work as well. The one job that you don’t hear about too much is wetwork. Believe me, it happens, but murder for hire only works in Bellevue when it looks like the target died naturally, or by accident.

- The Hollywood Simsense Entertainment studio in Factoria is getting a lot of attention lately. I’ve personally run teams in and out of that place twice this year on sabotage jobs. I’d bet someone’s gearing up for a corporate takeover.

- Pistons
