---
id: EC-0198
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies

First up, the **First Nations** ! This gang has their home base here on the island, and despite the heavy restrictions about traveling back and forth

to Seattle proper, they still manage it thanks to their connections on the island and a sort of civil agreement with the Council Island authorities. If they don’t bring or cause trouble at home, they can keep coming and going. That’s not to say they don’t participate in some smuggling and illegal activities, but they keep it minimal and professional and they avoid anything that will harm CI.

They’re a great resource for helping runners get in and out, but keep in mind you aren’t just connecting with the First Nations when you utilize them, but also the Koshari. I’ll talk about them in a bit, but anything you do involving the FN will get back to the Pueblo-based crime syndicate. In order to be a member, you need to be Native American, but tribal affiliations don’t matter. The current leader of the gang is a Makah ork named Two-Crows. He grew up in the gang, did some moonlighting as a runner for a bit, and took over just recently. He’s settling in nicely, making good deals to increase the gang’s revenue, and he’s managing to keep at least enough distance from the Koshari that the FN don’t just become thugs for the syndicate.

Since I mentioned them, I’ll talk about the **Koshari** next. They are _the_ crime syndicate on the island. The Yaks and Mafia have both attempted to make inroads before but never managed to make it profitable enough. The Koshari are using their NAN connections and knowledge of nature to do a bit better at blending and they’re making sure to keep to the social rules of the island and pay the right kickbacks to the right people.

They do all their business without involving locals in much of the criminal side, bringing in workers from off the island in order to respect the Salish rules. They don’t want locals focusing on illegal ways to make money—at least, _these_ illegal ways. There are plenty of illegal options for locals that involve blackmail, bribes, and political pressure, but gambling dens, prostitution, and drugs are all run on the island by the Koshari but manned by Seattleites. The movement of so many people on and off the island helps mask the number of prostitutes that are sold off to foreign and corporate powers. As long as they’re not Natives, the Koshari looks the other way, and that includes those with NAN blood but no citizenship.

- The Koshari have stolen a page from the Yazuka with bunrakustyle entertainers. They chip them with a personafix custom designed by their buyer. However you want your new companion to act, they will. Just so everyone understands, this includes all types of joyfolx. Corporate executives and visitors from more conservative nations are the most common buyers, of course.

- /dev/grrl

Members of the **Bear Doctor Society** have long been influencers on Council Island, affecting the health of the ecosystem as well as its residents andvisitors. They support a free and open clinic every weekend and you can walk into their offices every day of the week to get assistance in all manner of ways. Executives and VIP guests on the island can reach out for personal visits and they do quite regularly when they choose to ignore the Koshari’s services on the island and head off into Redmond for some fun in the slums.

- The BDS is all cuddly on the outside, but they still understand the strong side of Bear. They’re collecting favors from all sorts of politicos and executives, and when they need something done for the Island of the NAN, they call them in without batting an eye.

- Lyran

If there was ever a place to make sure you don’t run afoul of the law, it’s Council Island. The **Council Island Police** are brutally effective, and they don’t frag around. Heavily cross-trained with the Salish Rangers due to the need for diplomatic security and counterterrorism training, they don’t slack off and don’t take guff. The island’s laws give them some serious leeway in their policing techniques, and the local weapons restrictions mean they know they generally aren’t facing extreme ordnance. That means they don’t hesitate to come down with a heavy hand. That hand is most likely going to slap you unconscious, because they don’t like tainting the mana on the island with death, but it’s still coming down hard. And do _not_ try to bribe them. They aren’t that type. Better to offer to go quietly or just accept their offer to be escorted off the island.

- These guys see and hear all sorts of good gossip, but they’re generally tight-lipped. If you can make friends with one of them, you may be able to get the inside scoop on a lot of political dirt that’s worth nuyen and presents work opportunities. You just need to be genuine or really smooth, because they are some seriously closed-off people.

- Stone

While they don’t seem like they’d be influencing much, I still like mentioning the **Growp’skitch!** sasquatch tribe. They live in the wilder parts down south, and their numbers are approaching two hundred. Seattle stepped away from the UCAS classification of the sasquatch as “animals” and counts them among the citizenship of Council Island. They get the occasional visitor from elsewhere in the world, and every once in awhile a yeti even stops in, often with the Yakut diplomats. Tourists often come down to this area to see them and hear them sing and mimic. Most of them forget the sasquatches are sapient, and the sasquatches entertain themselves with this metahuman confusion. Often, they steal objects, play like they don’t understand them, and then run off. People either think it’s funny or are terrified to do anything about it, so the sasquatches have gotten a number of commlinks and nice baubles that they sell to locals or Koshari contacts in order to supplement their food and amenities. It’s also good to note that while people can’t understand them, almost all of them understand several metahuman languages. This means things get said in front of them and around them that they can certainly offer to the right buyer. They’re quite good at seeming totally innocuous as they sit and listen to political deals and secret business meetings before plugging in to their stolen commlinks and sending the juicy tidbits over to a trusted contact.

- The G-crew, as you’ll find them tagged on the Matrix, are delightful. Much of their proceeds are funneled to metahuman rights organizations.

- Ire
