---
id: EC-0039
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Japanese Imperial State
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Japanese Imperial State

The JIS has been striking at North American targets for a while, and if General Sato’s invasion of San Francisco is any indication (rogue or not), they could do it again. While Emperor Yasuhito seems to be more interested in consolidating power and sweeping internal political and cultural reforms, it’s not past the pale that taking Seattle as a “protectorate” might be seen as a power move by his people, and give him a number of juicy bones to fend off the likes of MCT and Renraku, who aren’t exactly pleased about him lately. On the other hand, he’s been setting up a “Peace and Prosperity” platform, one very much based on diplomacy and mutual benefit, particularly among other cultures and especially metatypes. While it’s known that the Japanese Consulate has received quite a few more politicos and diplomats in the past couple of months, just what they are discussing or offering remains to be seen.

- You’re forgetting: They don’t need to invade. Empress Hitomi Shiawase gets along really well with her man, at least as far as policy goes, and her folks are buying up property in Seattle left and right, most notably the Arcology. All Japan has to do is play nice, be generous, and make themselves look like the best allies Seattle ever had. When Shiawase springs, they’ll jump right into its jaws.

- It was a banshee, Snopes. Shinanai was, and perhaps is, a banshee.

- Red
