---
id: EC-0488
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Humanis Headquarters (Downtown Renton)
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Humanis Headquarters (Downtown Renton)

While most of its members do not actually admit to being a supporter of Humanis these days, it is still a legal and well-funded international policlub. The Renton Humanis building in Downtown Renton has survived numerous bombings and countless drive-by shootings. The reinforced concrete structure has layers of thick ballistic glass, and the only entrance for employees and visitors is through a heavily secured underground parking garage.

- The old building had a “gas leak” in ’74 and had to be completely rebuilt after an explosion. The current structure may look like a military bunker, but I’ve been analyzing the blueprints, and there are a number of structural flaws. If anyone wants a copy of the research, hit me up.

Renton has been in operation for more than thirty years. Prior to Lone Star taking over the Seattle security contract, this facility trained and graduated officers for service all around the world. With the Seattle contract over, the campus is slowly returning to its previous mission.

- Last year during the partial blackout, the Blood Mountain Boys decided to get some payback from KE and hit the compound. They quickly discovered the Ares-owned facility was still fully operational and broke it off before they were wiped out a second time

- Borderline
