---
id: EC-0014
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Butterfly in Oz - By Kevin R Czarnecki Sensitivity read by Mak Meurer
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Butterfly in Oz

## By Kevin R Czarnecki Sensitivity read by Mak Meurer

The floor was sticky, the lights were strobing, and Aponi had a headache. The kind that came from too much noise in too small a space, the noise that transcended sound and became painful sensation. Bugstomp was an acquired taste, as far as music went, and they had never acquired it. Sounded too much like a _KnightRaid IV_ end boss mixed with a psychotic street festival for zonescavers, but Penumbra’s special guest DJ was pounding it out like it was going out of style. If anyone felt like Aponi did, going out of style wouldn’t happen soon enough. Make it Pariah Soul any day.

EB seemed to enjoy it. Unlike the rather suspect vintage schoolgirl apparel they’d seen her in before, today’s outfit called upon the fetishistic finest of modern club sensibilities, with enough latex and fishnet to suggest a parody of the media’s idea of a shadowrunner. They’d wondered if that would stand out, but here among the writhing socialites and glitchkids, they felt far more out of place in modest street clothes. EB was infinitely more in her element, scanning the crowd as though speaking with looks at the figures who glanced her way. _You’re not worth my time. Hey, didn’t expect to see you out_

_tonight. You, you’re coming home with me._ Not a word, but everything said. They’d seen faces work their magic before, but the fact she was an actual summoner as well spoke to the expectations placed on shadow assets in Seattle.

Aponi had come a long, long way from Saskatoon, indeed.

Behind them, Mr. Johnson was nervously pulling at his tie, gesturing for attention in futility as they ignored him on purpose. It seemed disrespectful and counterintuitive, but EB promised it was how the dance was done in Seattle. One more difference from the Algonkian-Manitou Council lands. It seemed incredibly roundabout and wasteful, but then, what wasn’t in this surviving vestige of the UCAS? After an internal count as their companion had instructed them, he turned to acknowledge the short Japanese corporate. If they’d felt somewhat out of place, this man might as well have been a troll at a Humanis rally. He stunk of middle management, apprehensive and sweating.

“Excuse me, are you, ah, Aponi?”

A single nod, inspiring a relieved slump of the shoulders. Mr. Johnson shouted just as the music rose to a brain-splitting trash drum crescendo, absorbing his words entirely before simply gesturing for them to follow. Around the thrashing dance floor to a mid-range booth, itself a VIP luxury, he guided them to sit. The leather felt new and soft, and as they allowed EB to take the middle position, she produced a small box, setting it at the center of the table and flicking the activator.


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

Immediately the noise of the club receded into a blissful low thump. They could have kissed her for that alone. Mr. Johnson seemed similarly relieved. That would be good, according to EB’s coaching: something shared generated empathy, and empathy was a road to smoother negotiations.

“May, uh, may I get either of you something to drink?” EB, a model of the predator’s easy smile, merely shook her head. Aponi folded their hands on the table, raising a single finger to agree. The Johnson smiled, dialing in an order. The drinks were there inside fifteen seconds, dispensed by a hoverdrone. Aponi dipped a single finger into the offered cocktail, activating a chemical analysis and RFID scan that came up negative. Good faith so far. They took a sip.

“Aponi, that’s Algonquin, right?” He seemed to take in their makeup. “ _Niizh Manidoowag?_ ” Aponi tried not to let surprise show. They’d hardly expected cultural awareness of the Manitou word for Two-Spirits from the likes of him, let alone its accurate recognition. Mr. Johnson smiled, a little more in his element. “I have the pleasure of working with several NAN contracts.”

Mr. Johnson had grown more comfortable with this move, and Aponi worried that meant bargaining from a position of weakness. A glance at EB showed she was still pleased. She spoke in their mind through magic.

_Don’t worry, you’re still on top. Finding balance makes sweeping it out from under them all the better. That feels predatory,_ they thought back. _Negotiating with corporates means swimming with_

_sharks. Don’t feel pity, just be better at it. You can spend some of your bonus on charities in Redmond after, if you need to justify it. But never forget these skrakks are the reason barrens exist in the first place._ Her command of Or’zet, or at least its curse words, was impressive for a human.

“Now,” the Johnson said, spreading his fingers on the table, “shall we discuss the job I have in mind?”

“Okay, kid. Simple smash and grab. I’ve got someone diverting the escort, so that truck is gonna come rumbling down this alley in a few minutes. We hit, we take, we ghost. Any questions?”

Aponi was slipping their mask over their head. “You’re not going to wear a mask?”

“Nah. I pay premium for data sweeping.”

“What about the driver and the guard?”

EB looked at them incredulously. “How are dead people going to identify me?” She said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world.

Aponi grimaced as EB looked at the alleyway again, twining fingers to summon an earth spirit to raise a barrier to stop the truck.

“And law enforcement?”

“Downtown, sure, but this is Tacoma, kid. We’re three blocks from the warehouse district. It’s a disgusting tangle of private security, Lone Star, and the syndicates. They’ll all be looking at each other beforethey look in our direction. We’ll be gone before they show up.”

“That seems like a pretty big assumption.”

She grinned, eyes still closed as she worked the spell. “Well, I did call for some backup to distract the escort for this little shipment. That’s gonna kick up a lot of dust, and that’s where the APB will go. The truck will try to be as under the radar as it can be without its bodyguards. They’ll be alert, but they’ll be moving slow and sure to avoid attention. That’s how we catch them.”

Aponi nodded. “All right, then. And if things go wrong?”

“Then we run like hell and rendezvous back at Penumbra to grab a drink and try to forget the damage to our reputations for fucking up such a simple score.”

They considered that. It had only been a week since they arrived, and these were the critical moments in a career. First impressions meant everything. No reason she should introduce them to her fixer if they screwed up now.

“Just one more thing, yeah?” Aponi looked up. “Okay.”

“If things get rough … no judgement, yeah?”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, drek happens in real life, and that’s when you find out who people really are. I need to know you aren’t going to go to pieces when that happens.”

Aponi hesitated. “People say things like that when they’ve got something to hide.”

EB scoffed. “Look, kid, there isn’t a soul in Seattle without something to hide, and sure as shit no one gets into the shadows to be a professional mercenary terrorist unless there’s something dark in them. You’re telling me you’re squeaky clean? Nothing fragged up happened in your past to turn you into a criminal-for-hire?”

Aponi turned to face her. “I came here because there is supposedly opportunity. A whole city, newly independent, filled with conflict. It’s an ideal place to make a difference and make money at the same time. I’m not running from anything.”

“Oh, sweet Ghost, I’ve got an idealist on my hands.” “Is that a crime?”

“No, armed robbery is a crime according to metroplex law, which is what we’re doing in a minute. Robbing the Vory is a crime according to good sense. Running with an idealist is a crime against sanity.”

“What is that supposed to mean?”

“It means, kid, that street heroes have a tendency to rack up more debt than profit. Not that it matters to them, because, on average, they’re dead inside a year.”

Aponi turned back to the alleyway, leaning out to check for their target from the alcove they were squeezed into. “There are many ways to die. A dead conscience may look like life, but one may as well be a walking ghost at that point.”

EB regarded them coldly for a moment before it melted, a chuckle as she shook her head.

“Is something funny?”

She looked at them again. “You remind me of someone I like. He thinks he’s dead inside, but you two have a lot in common.”

“Is he a bio-sam, too?”

“No, he’s like me.”

“A mage?”

“Sure.”

Aponi regarded her. “Why do you keep calling me kid? I must have a couple years on you.” She laughed. “I doubt it.”

“Leonization?”

She pursed her lips as though tasting the truth, seeing how palatable it would be. Deciding on an interpretation, she responded, “In a way, yes.”

The sound of a car turning into the alley stopped any elaboration, and Aponi held a microcam around the corner, cybereyes displaying the GMC Bulldog. The plates were hard to see in the glare, but every other detail fit, and the timing was dead on from what they could see. A single nod to EB, and she returned it. She curled her hands, speaking a language Aponi’s translator identified as an archaic form of Old Scandinavian. They could see the spin of dust and gravel twisting around her fingers, and the alleyway rippled subtly.

The truck had room to spare in the alleyway, but they had positioned dumpsters, heavy with overflowing trash while the sanitation contracts of the city were renegotiated, to create a chokepoint. The Bulldog might be able to back out in a pinch, but there was only just enough room for it to slow down and pass through the gap between them to proceed, and EB’s spirit would make that an impossibility.

The trap sprung in an instant, the pavement arching up as the urban earth spirit formed a crude version of a roadblock, the truck crunching upward as it carried the forward axel, spinning and useless, two feet into the air. The driver and passenger shouted in alarm, the passenger door slamming open on the opposite side from them as EB approached the driver side with brazen disregard for cover.

Aponi dashed to the rear of the truck, keeping low and out of sight. EB might be suicidally brave, but Aponi would make the most of it. She must know what she was doing. Magic, maybe? Distracting, regardless. They peeked their head around, only to pull back as the passenger sprayed a whole SMG clip in their direction. They looked back around the other side just in time to see the driver leap down, training his gun on her and shouting in Russian. Then, a new kind of thunder.

“EB!”

She was reeling from the blast, a point-blank shotgun to the gut. Aponi felt the adrenal compensators kick in by instinct, slowing time so that the flecks of blood launching from her back seemed to slow so much they could count them one by one. EB’s face was more surprise than pain, and they watched as the pupils of her eyes seemed to expand in a thick, luminous bloodshot. Her mouth formed into a maw of mad joy, and her canines extended, her speed increasing for a moment so that even in this expansive second, she moved at a seemingly normal speed, biting into the Vory’s neck with vicious abandon.

Aponi wanted to question this, the thing they had been trusting all night, but for now, they could hear another Thief in Law sliding a fresh magazine into their HK. They rose from cover behind the back of the GMC Bulldog and rushed around the corner, the beating bioware heart pushing them harder and faster than normal human limits. Their fist came down hard on the trigger arm, then the other into her jaw. Stunned, the Vory could do little but allow Aponi to grab her by the collar and slam her head into the truck’s doorframe, leaving the thug to slump limply to the ground.



They paused, listening for any sign of additional resistance, but there was only the distant hum of traffic, the crash of waves from the docks, and the obscene sucking sound from the other side of the truck. A pair of moans brought Aponi’s eyes up through the open cab of the Bulldog, but they flicked away at the sight of EB bent over her would-be killer, holding him limp by his jacket collar, his face a rictus of obscene pleasure, glass-eyed and beyond the horror of what was happening to him. They waited until the slump of the body to the duracrete pavement, looked again to see EB rising, whole and healthy under the tattered remains of her clubwear, licking crimson from her lips. She hoisted the thug’s shotgun and unloaded it into his head. Aponi was grateful they didn’t have the right angle to see that. EB tossed the gun aside and smiled at them.

“No judging, remember?”

Aponi flinched. “No judging.”

“Good.” She came around to their side of the van. “You didn’t kill her.”

“I prefer not to.”

“I guess that’s one way to do it. I mean, leaves witnesses, but you’ve got that smashing balaclava. And I guess whatever helps you sleep at night. But for what it’s worth? She’d have killed you and forgotten by tomorrow evening’s second shot of vodka.”

“That’s her wound to heal, not mine.”

EB shrugged. “Whatever works for you, kid. Crack the back and let’s get our package.”

A mere thirty minutes later, they pulled up in front of a Chinatown temple. Fog had rolled in, cloaking the street even as it made beacons of paper lanterns casting red, orange and gold through the choking gloom. EB had put on a long, velvety coat, though Aponi couldn’t imagine the undead felt any cold. Certainly they were feeling chilled enough.

Up the broad steps and through massive, ornate doors, the pair moved into a grand space, dark and smoky with incense. Aponi’s keen senses dueled with paranoia at the way the haze seemed to dance, as though figures moved through it all-but-unseen. They started at EB nudging them, seeing Mr. Johnson was standing before them near the altar. He was smiling easily, his suit jacket replaced by motorcycle leathers that failed to hide the bulge of a weapon holstered beneath. His eyes were hidden by stylish imposter designer AR sunglasses.

“You have something for me, Butterfly?” They scowled. “I prefer Aponi.”

Mr. Johnson straightened up and bowed with a practiced, sincere contrition. “I apologize. That was presumptuous of me. Aponi.” He turned to EB. “They’ve got backbone. I like it. How’d they do?”

EB shrugged. “Doesn’t like killing, but there’s usually work for those types. Fast, professional, not judgmental …” She gave an amused, appraising look. “Reynard will like them for hoodish jobs. Me, yeah, I’d give them a gold star, sure. Got the job done.”

“Didn’t keep you in one piece, though.”

“My fault, not the kid’s. What came after was more important. I already said they’re good for work, can we move things along? This thing’s gotten drafty.”

Mr. Johnson chuckled and turned back to Aponi, extending a hand. “The package?” Aponi reached into their satchel and turned the small case over. Mr. Johnson nodded in thanks, taking it to the rearmost pillar near a door leading further into the temple. Holding it out with a bow, a single, pale claw, nails many inches long, took it easily before melting into mist. Aponi turned to EB.

“So. Can we leave?”

“Haven’t been paid yet.” She reached into her coat and handed them their credsticks. Aponi looked at the money, back to EB in shock. “Wait, what the hell is going on?!”

EB and Mr. Johnson flanked them, leading them out of the temple and back to the street.

“All right, kid, you’re new in town, and you wanted someone to show you the ropes. You know what you didn’t do? Any research. I don’t know how they do things in the AMC, but Seattle? She’s a neutral city right now, full of borders and in flux. You wanna know how runners get by here in the ’80s? You do your damn research.”

“And you always look for every angle in the job,” Mr. Johnson added.

“See,” EB continued, “every action is like a stone in a pond. You toss it in, it makes ripples. This isn’t action-reaction, this is dominoes played by a psychopath. The package you just delivered to the Triads belonged to the Vory, which is going to distract them and cast suspicion on the Yakuza, especially with a Japanese Johnson.”

Johnson smiled as Aponi tried to keep up.

“So that’s what research would have shown?”

“Sort of. You have to make a few educated guesses by learning who is who and who owes who, who wants what and from where, and who they have to take it from. And then there’s the stuff that’s so specific you’d have to be a mindreader or a really good decker to find out.”

“Like what?”

“Like Slamm-0! owes Red one hundred nuyen because of your success, and Red paid a debt to Su Cheng by arranging the job, and owes one to me for making sure it got done. Hiroki, here, owed Reynard, and now he owes me one for scoping some fresh talent, namely you.” She turned to Mr. Johnson. “How is Draht doing, by the way?”

“Much better. We’re looking forward to a little alone time together when she heals up. Those shorted Shiawase stocks paid—”

Aponi had stopped in their tracks. The other two stopped a few steps later, looking back at them. “So, you’re saying shadowrunners in Seattle try to work impossible webs of profit and favor with every job?”

EB and Johnson—Hiroki—looked at each other, then back to Aponi, laughing. EB had tears in her eyes as Hiroki responded.

“They do that everywhere!” he chuckled. “They just do it better in Seattle.”
