---
id: EC-0035
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Culture
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Culture

For most of Seattle’s citizens, culture has become a touchstone of greater value than ever before. It has the advantage over more central UCAS cities and territories, experienced as it is with isolation. Sociological analysis suggests most of the population thought of themselves as independent before the UCAS breakup—they were Seattleites first and UCASians second. Still, the knowledge that they aren’t just surrounded, but alone, has hit many hard, and one of the government priorities is the cementing of the metroplex’s identity, following three points of focus.

First, sports and media. The first step, from the Potter Administration’s thinking, is to provide a sense of calm and control, which has mouthpieces on talk shows at all hours and plenty of pundits to offer debate or articles. Entertainment has become a staple of distraction and normalcy, with loyalty to a team providing a kind of patriotism all its own.

- I know Fred is going to be awfully concerned.

- Red

- You’ve got to be kidding me, Rick. Like the Blackhawks are in such good shape?

- Slamm-0!

- Damn near the only thing about Chicago that is.

- Red

- Children, please …

- Glitch

The greatest challenge is finding other teams to play, given that the UCAS league is now at least somewhat in turmoil under the present circumstances. The solution, so far, is a series of new contracts with corporate-sponsored teams that provide a nominal new elimination chain, with talks for more international leagues to take up positions to mix up the play and extend the season.

- Like everything else, these are all capital for backroom deals, diplomacy, and of course, shadow ops. Every corp wants a piece of the show and its attendant income from merchandising, advertising, and all the other millions in incidentals. There are already jobs coming down for cracking contract protection, player intimidation, data runs … oh, there’s money to be made!

- **>** Fianchetto

- Not just on the official side. The bookies are either on a rampage or going to ground with the interruption of business as usual, and bounties are stacking up. It’s small-time stuff, generally speaking, but they need protection, evacuation, or collection, and they’re paying a percentage on collection. Not the worst work.

- **>** Haze



Second, military. While a recruitment drive has proven to be a fair draw among refugees and other displaced, both for rank-and-file as well as technical specialists, the real aim is to inspire a sense of calm in the populace by way of a show of military force. While Potter hasn’t reached the point of parades (what kind of message would _that_ send?), a lot of work goes into showing off the unclassified assets for defense. The second, very unsubtle point is to project strength to potential allies and enemies, making it clear that Seattle can, and will, defend itself.

- It’s an unrealistic scenario that anyone will attack Seattle with any intention of conquest. It’s a city filled to the brim with corporate holdings and right up against relatively friendly nations. It would be a logistical nightmare. If Seattle is going to fall, it’s going to be from within.

- Picador

- That’s exactly how the powers that be like it. Seattle lives by capitalism, it’ll die by capitalism.

- **>** Chainmaker

Finally, industrial. Seattle has been a nexus of production for both physical and intellectual property for decades, and the one thing that hasn’t slowed down is the machine that makes Seattle necessary to the power brokers of the world. The challenge Potter faces now is maintaining the balancing act between being a valuable partner or a valuable prize. If the metroplex can solidify its position as a place where different corps can profit by proximity (which shouldn’t be too hard, as it’s held that status for a long time), then it can maintain its independence. If it proves too lucrative for any one power, such as Shiawase, the Japanese Imperial State, the Salish-Shidhe Council, or any of a dozen other superpowers, then the Emerald City might find itself a puppet or protectorate, with no grand national armed forces to ride to the rescue.

- Don’t forget that the international community is still trying to figure out how to handle the UCAS, or what’s left of it, in terms of definition and rights. Potter has already dispatched new ambassadors (or claimed abandoned ones) in a number of other nations with the intention of presenting Seattle’s legitimacy as a city-state or micronation or whatever they’re calling themselves.

- **>** Kay St. Irregular

- Diplomats mean spycraft, bodyguard gigs, and wetwork if you’re up for it. I love this town.

- Prime Runner


have changed. And remember: We’re living in the age of the megacorp, which means Seattle isn’t just a little city-state, but a collection of territories owned almost wholesale by other entities. Borders within borders make for mean friends and nasty rivals.
