---
id: EC-0550
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: tacoma stats
page: 183
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## tacoma stats

**Size:** 570 square kilometers **Population:** 375,000 (Approx) Humans: 68% Dwarfs: 2% Elves: 11% Orks: 16% Trolls: 2% Other: 1% **Population Density:** 658/sq. km. **Per Capita Income:** 60,000¥ **Corporate-Affiliated Population:** 87% **Hospitals and Clinics:** 6 **Voting Precincts:** 8 **Education:**

Less Than 12 Years: 22% High School Equivalency: 51% College Equivalency: 21% Advanced Degrees and Certificates: 6% **Average Security Rating:** Bronze

- That bullet train isn’t the worst way to travel. Two hour and change trip, with nice amenities (dig on the station’s 1930s aesthetic while you’re there). Just don’t go thinking you can smuggle anything on there without inside connections. A train moving over 500 kph isn’t an ideal place to make a getaway.

- Traveler Jones

- Not without a t-bird, anyway.

- Rigger X

- Margaret Bridge is an unofficial no-run zone in some circles. Even the syndicates respect that their work is geared toward kids, and it’s a bad look raiding a place full of sickly ragamuffins.

- **>** Red

- Little Asia is somewhere between a Yakuza and Shiawase town, depending on who you ask.

- Jimmy No

- Most of the time, there doesn’t seem to be much difference.

- Beaker

vancement among them. At least the work hours aren’t as bad as other parts of town, but you can chalk that up to the unions—which are controlled by the Mobs, so it’s not quite the happy ending you were expecting. Happy endings aren’t really Tacoma’s style. Or tragic ones. Or really endings at all. Tacoma just grinds on and on, whether it’s syndicate wars or import/exports (legitimate and otherwise). Of all the neighborhoods in Seattle, Tacoma _works_ for a living, and they’ll tell you so.

The third, if you’re canny and have been paying attention, is the crime. It’s not as overt as some other places, and sure, the Ragers and the Spikes keep up appearances, but the more sophisticated criminal element has been waging war here for more than thirty years, and there’s no sign of stopping. It’s become so entrenched that the local government basically belongs to them, so long as the Corporate Court doesn’t take a hand. So the docks keep flowing and the prison keeps keeping and the money (mostly) runs in the right direction for those who have actual professional armies.

- Sort of a Russian nesting doll of protection rackets.

- **>** Red Anya

Don’t let this limit your sight, though! Tacoma is diverse as hell, with Little Asia, a few Shiawase enclaves, and the eclectic mix of cultures that come with Yakuza, Mafia, Vory, Triads, Seoulpa, and everyone else who wants a piece of the pie. Seattle’s only passenger train, operating out of Charles Royer Station, runs a bullet line to San Francisco, and the Margaret Bridge Child Health Hospital is working on childhood diseases for all metatypes all the time.

- Say that at your own peril, chummer.

- Jimmy No

That’s another nice thing about Tacoma: the diversity. It’s not just cultures, but metatypes as well. You’ll see all shapes and sizes here, and in fact Tacoma is the home of the Crying Wall, a monument to those lost on the Night of Rage. A few nuyen will get you on a guided tour. A fairly well-guarded tour, too, since it’s not just a popular site for Humanis thugs to start some drek, but is also one of the entrances to the Underground. Mess around here and you’ll pull down ork and dwarf wrath that will land you in Humana Hospital before you’re dragged off to the District Courthouse and, shortly thereafter, Silcox Island Correctional Facility, all without leaving the region. Tacoma takes its Underground connections quite seriously.

- Ugh, Silcox. It only technically counts as Tacoma territory by proximity. It’s a blacksite, extraterritorial and partially owned by Shiawase and a few others, meaning there’s no meaningful oversight. You end up there, it’s your hoop. The prison makes its own laws and standards, and you don’t end up here unless they want you forgotten.

- Haze

- Shiawase still uses the place to hold folks they’ve extracted before moving them on. Between that and the number of chummers you’ve likely got locked up in there, security is tight as hell.

- Kia

- Sounds juicy.

- Prime Runner



- You wanna try your hand against thirty stories of concrete on an extraterritorial island, be my guest. They’ve got eyes on the sky and the coast, a menagerie of nightmare paracritters, and every guard is a stone bastard. I’ll be the first to buy you a drink if you pull it off, but I’ll more likely miss your funeral.

- Snopes
