---
id: EC-0051
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Global Sandstorm
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Global Sandstorm

GS isn’t a big player in the forefront of most minds when it comes to Seattle, but between the refugees and the enormous shifts across the UCAS, everyone needs money, and wouldn’t you know it? Thanks to their merger with Spinrad, GS has money, and they’ll totally lend it to you at a reasonable rate. It’s a lender’s market right now, and they’re scooping up every marker they can. If they can work out enough debt, the least they can do is make a profit big enough to give Croesus a run for their metaphorical money. And then they’ll put that money to work in the service of the parent corp’s global mission.

- The thing about money lenders is that people love (and I do mean love) to rip them off. Obviously, GS has some of the tightest Matrix security you can imagine, but there’s one hell of a freelance market in grabbing up their IOU records. You find a way to fuck with those, you’re in one hell of a position to get a reward.

- Technical Pyro

tion facilities, physical storefronts, empty lots and more all over the world, notably Seattle. It looks like Sony is planning to expand their physical presence in the metroplex in a big way. What that means for their nominal alliance with Mitsuhama remains to be seen.

- I don’t think Sony needs Seattle per se, but the way they moved so fast suggests it’s a plan they’ve had in their pocket for a while. Looking closely, though, there are signs it may be a bit sooner than they initially planned, with rushed orders and some sloppy contract work.

- Icarus

- If I had to guess, they decided to strike while the iron was hot. No one saw the UCAS falling apart like this, and they’re willing to sacrifice some schedule to make hay while the sun shines.

- **>** Kia

- The locals aren’t going to like a new competitor on the block, even the ones who like Japanese expansion. Keep your eyes open for structure hits and contract hacks.

- Bull
