---
id: EC-0290
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: 'Bilkos: Inside Sources'
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bilkos: Inside Sources

While not a criminal faction per se, there is another—for lack of a better term—faction within



Fort Lewis that’s a major factor within the red items/smuggling trade in and around Fort Lewis. Classified by SMAF military intelligence as “Bilkos” (the reference is an old flatvid show from the mid-twentieth century), they’re not a single group nor even necessarily unified. Rather, Bilkos are individuals and groups specifically within or from Fort Lewis who act as points of contact, middlemen, and procurers of items.

Before the UCAS pullout, many were the logistic specialists or scroungers who were able to find needed items for their units when such items were scarce. More often, they were the ones who had the contacts and knowledge to get whatever contraband and services the basic trooper or unit desired. It was said that in Fort Lewis if you needed anything— _anything_ —become chummers with a Bilko.

After the pullout, the various Bilkos were the ones who initially found and secured the red items. Later, they were instrumental in setting up alliances with the various criminal organizations to begin distributing and selling said equipment, acting as initial points of contact within Fort Lewis to anyone who wanted access to the items. In the current situation, these Bilkos are the sole suppliers of red items to the Mafia, Triads, Vory, and various smaller interests. They’re the ones who know about and maintain the caches where all the contraband equipment is currently being stored, making them extremely powerful figures in the current Seattle/ Fort Lewis shadows.

- A lot of these Bilkos have become bigshots in their own right, sometimes with enough muscle to protect themselves, or they have enough clout with other organizations that said allies will go to extreme lengths to protect them. Either way, Bilkos are becoming one of the best contacts to have in Seattle.

- Bull
