---
id: EC-0333
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Vibe
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vibe

Salish influence was once the feel, but we’re not here to talk about the past. Fox feels like change. New construction. New faces. New ideas. Their population is growing, and it’s not the ordinary mix. The Sea Dragon came with her people, and those people include not just standard metahumans but also free spirits, changelings, merrow, drakes, at least two other sea dragons, and numerous sentient species from our own realm and planes beyond.

All these different cultures and new faces have created a buzz on the island. They come together, blending cultures and traditions in order to create a new flavor—a flavor they want to spread across the globe. Anyone with ears and eyes on other cities that experience the Sea Dragon’s touch can feel the same vibe. This is the only spot in Seattle with this feel right now, and it’s a massive if idiosyncratic draw, pulling in locals with a desire to see a different future and pushing away those who just can’t handle the fact that one of the local festivals is celebrated entirely on the astral plane.

- This festival, called A’shek’sha’ta’na (making it easier to phonetically pronounce it), is a tradition of the spirits from the metaplane of water. Deepweed is a big seller, and mages with the Astral Window spell are very popular with local businesses. They hire them to show what’s going on at or near their locale.

- **>** Lyran

With all this influx, construction (especially housing) is in a bit of a boom, but not as large as one would expect. Instead, a new field has developed linked to the construction field: astral construction. Firms like Unseen Builders, Astral Abodes, City Scapes, and Planar Planning are all constructing astral homes for residents of the dual-natured or primarily astral-dwelling variety. They often look bland on the physical but on the astral they are homey, cozy, and pleasant.

- Neighborhoods where these pop up are a bit creepy for nonsensitive folks. They rarely bother with streetlights, and at night

they look almost like abandoned cities. By day they lack a lot of the dark and creepy factor but still look a bit desolate. Some astral entities have taken to renting space to physical occupants who are okay with it and who don’t mess up the astral space they live in.

- Lyran

- This has been a huge draw to the area for dryads. They’re extremely astrally sensitive and have found that these spots are so well maintained they offer little issues and they reach out to others. Their numbers have quintupled in recent months. The relationship is also pretty communal as the dryads are big into keeping a clean astral and work to avoid any form of negative influence in their homes.

**>** Ire

- That includes runners. Dryad faces are not uncommon, but they rarely ever let their team anywhere near their homes, especially Awakened team members with shady astral mores. Too risky to have them potentially skewing the astral while they’re around.

- Ecotope

One big thing to consider for the island is the numbers. The population of this island has grown faster than any other in Outremer. This is increasing their voting power and pushing Fox’s influence up over that of some of the other smaller islands.

- The author doesn’t mention it, but the population shift is tied to the Salish influence on the island. Native festivals and gatherings that have been around for years are being gently transitioned to blend with other festivals with a more diverse cultural base.

- Mika
