---
id: EC-0063
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: seattle stats
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## seattle stats

**Population:** 3,500,000+ Human: 60% Elf: 13% Dwarf: 3% Ork: 21% Troll: 2% Other: 1% **Per Capita Income:** 51,000¥ **Corporate-Affiliated Population:** 62% **Hospitals:** 91 **DocWagon Clinics:** 25 **Means of Commuting to Work:** Internal Combustion Vehicle: 2% GridGuide Electric Vehicles, Individual: 22% GridGuide Electric Vehicles, Group: 31% Monorail Ring Riders: 36% **Education:** Less than 12 years: 38% High School Equivalency: 36% College Equivalency: 18% Advanced Degrees and Certificates: 8%

all have walking access points, though they are rarely used. As for a pedestrian entry under the radar, there are plenty of paths through the local forests and over the mountains that will get you here. I’m not saying it’s the best way, but it’s valid in this Awakened era of spirit-assisted movement. It’s also regularly used by smugglers with vehicles on both sides of the border. Especially those transporting live cargo that can be forced to move quickly with the spirit’s assistance. It takes a skilled summoner, but smart summoners do the summoning work and then sell the spirits to the smugglers. Out in Redmond you can meet Manitou at Under Construction if you need a spirit-assisted speed crossing. He’ll summon you up a spirit and instruct them on what path to take you on.

- Manitou is a solid connection, but make sure Smoke isn’t around. He know’s Manitou’s gig and works as eyes and ears for the Salish Rangers. He’s made plenty of extra nuyen ratting out runners on their way to cross the border.
