---
id: EC-0093
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Wynaco - Correctional Facilities
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wynaco

## Correctional Facilities

Bought out by Lone Star about two decades ago, Wynaco is a maximum-security prison, fairly run of the mill, aside from the experimental wing where they run, well, experiments. Lone Star’s Grey Men have rewired dozens of ex-cons here, turning their brains sideways in new and inventive ways to turn them away from a life of crime and violence. But those who undergo the treatment never come out quite right. They shelved it around ’68 to focus on a new program of time-lapse simsense recordings, where they can follow a prisoner living through forty years of prison time in a month. This work shows promise, but it undercuts the primary business of the facility.

The primary business, of course, is prison-for-profit, where the inmates (over half of whom are orks, because that’s how law enforcement works) are used as slave labor, producing body armor and helmets for the Star, as well as badge cams (Lone Star’s infamous “faulty badge cams” are always blamed on the prisoners here) and other electronics. They also mix chemicals (mostly house paint and the like) and build furniture. Local businesses have long lobbied for an end to this forced labor, as the prisoners aren’t paid for their work, while business owners have to pay their workers’ wages, creating an unfair competition that drives the locals out of business. Seattle has traditionally shrugged about this, as this labor is legal under the UCAS Constitution. With Seattle’s new status, this might change.

- How good? Drop me a private message.

- Bull
