---
id: EC-0433
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

Over the years, there’s been the occasional effort to clean up the district. Some of the local businesses set up because the real estate is dirt cheap, but they quickly find out why when they inevitably get firebombed, hit with protection rackets of the lowest order, or just can’t get any meaningful income froma broke customer base. Other times, some bleeding-heart housespouse from Bellevue with too much time on their hands tries to campaign for some relief effort, but the money never seems to go to the people who need it, and the goods they donate most often end up on some street hawker’s dash table.

If you’re wondering why the district isn’t a focus for megacorporate land-grabs for gentrification, you don’t have to dig deep for an answer. Redmond fills a very sad social necessity for modern hyper-capitalistic society: the trash has to go somewhere, and those who don’t earn enough might as well be curbside refuse from a moneycounter’s perspective. The land would cost infinitely too much to clean and renovate, the people would cost too much to feed, clothe, shelter, educate, and employ. And even then, they serve a purpose shadowrunners understand all too well: off-the-books labor. Sure, corporations can pay whatever the hell they feel like to most legal employees, but there will always be the need for quiet ops with plausible deniability. While runners represent active criminal talent, the poor make up manpower needed to fulfill all kinds of dirty deals. And if you need live test subjects, who’s going to miss them? And if someone did, who would listen to them?

The real estate serves a similar function. If you want a secret lab where no one is looking but is still in your back yard, there’s a whole lot of unobserved territory right here, both aboveground and in what passes for sewers. As long as you can keep the feral ghouls and devil rats off your back, you can get a lot done for a surprisingly long period without any real risk of discovery. That saves a lot of time and money, and corpers love pocketing the savings on black book bottom lines.

Of course, the folks of Seattle know about Redmond. They’re aware it’s a pit. Mostly they see it on the trids, but only for the odd humanitarian exposé. More often, it’s the designated arena for urban brawl. The land is cheap and the violence is often placed in some spot where the decay is so fierce that clearing the land is considered hitting two birds with one stone. Redmond is a source of outward pity, accompanied by inward fear and relief. Just like the social rejects, it serves as an emotional dumping ground and implicit danger. After all, why complain about an eighty-hour work week when it could be so much worse? “At least I’m not in Redmond” is something you hear in other neighborhoods, and every brawl match serves the task of stripping glamor from the idea of freedom, replacing it with a profitable sport that rakes in nuyen for everyone but the people it displaces.

Politically, things are more complicated than they have been in a very long time. Traditionally, Redmond is a no-man’s land, a dead-end for smalltime would-be corrupt politicians who don’t have big dreams of lining their pockets with ill-gotten gains. Like everything else, it’s where you shuffle the trash. In this case, trash politicians.

**>** That’s redundant. Also, try putting more hyphens in. Makes ya look even smarter!

**>** 2XL

With the emergence of Urubia as a potential political player, famously ineffectual bleeding-heart Mayor Sonya Scholl may finally have some competition for office. Scholl has worked, without any tangible success, to keep Redmond stable and somehow make things better, but as it turns out, being a dragon with a net worth of over fifty billion nuyen offers a bit more advantage when it comes to making a difference. It doesn’t take a genius to see money to be made here, folks.

**>** Not much, though. Urubia has all the shadow assets she needs in allied gangs, and Scholl doesn’t have the payroll to make matching wits with the dragon worth it.

**>** Snopes

The emergence of Seattle as an independent territory has also lent some interesting new prospects to the region. As Redmond shares its border with the Salish-Shidhe Council, it represents one of the most unstable borders in the region, meaning that while the SSC has heightened their already-tight alert patrols, Seattle has had to reluctantly turn their eyes to their own end of the situation. Aside from a couple of shadow routes across the border, Seattle has largely ignored the region. That’s no longer an option, which has resulted in two important paradigm shifts: first, the outer regions like the Plastic Jungle have come under greater scrutiny and are suddenly hot commodities for the government and corporations, and second, the increased desirability of these regions has given Mayor Scholl a nice bit of leverage she didn’t have before.

For the most part, Seattle’s primary government would like to buy a border zone from the SSC to bypass the trouble of dealing with Redmond, but considering the NAN policies about giving up land, let alone the years they’ve put into mapping and patrolling the zone, there isn’t much chance of this happening. So for now, the beautiful people of the Emerald City have to consider how to get waist-deep in the violence and muck of the very neighborhood they like to think of as disposable, when they think of it at all.

Adding to the complications are the sheer number of immigrants and refugees who have ultimately ended up here. Those without anywhere to go are pushed to the margins, and that means one of the barrens. Redmond just happens to be more likely, which has increased … well, everything about the district. Needs for food mean agriculture is on the rise. Housing is being rebuilt, however ramshackle it might be, and every gang sees new pledges. The Funhouse fills with applicants for lodging and employment (especially the Awakened), and community and crime rise in equal measure.



What does this mean? Redmond, Seattle’s metahuman sewage system, has found itself overflowing and important. You can’t go gentrifying a place that serves such a purpose without it spilling over into other neighborhoods, but you can’t manage it without cleaning it up some. After two Crashes and generations trying to ignore or forget most of what’s happening in Redmond, the government has to delve in, gently, and hope to buy what they need without tipping the price tag up for everyone else.

- Can’t have everyone out there thinking they’ve got something worth having. Might get them thinking above their station.

- **>** Chainmaker

- The Crush is made of criminals, no one can question that, but the block parties really do feel like they come from a place of goodwill and community. No one is dealing Kong-Chips, no one talks business, and you’ll find a few folks from MOM using the event as a chance to improve human-metahuman relations.

- Sounder

- Rumors put Big Red behind some of that. Seems the old beast has a soft spot for leaving the world a slightly better place than she found it.

- 2XL

- Tell that to the families of the folks they get hooked on chips.

- **>** Goat Foot

- No one put a gun to their heads.

Holidays in Redmond aren’t like other districts. Yeah, you might get something for your birthday, even if it’s just an extra helping of rat or a free slice of soy coconut cake at Yoshiro’s, and commercial holidays around December have planted the impulse for gift giving even in the poorest people’s consciousness, but the real shindigs are the ones the gangs throw. Whether you get to attend (and just what you’re attending) depends on the gang in question.

The Red Hot Nukes are more welcoming to dwarfs, but they tend to be chill about whoever a dwarf’s plus one is, and you can expect a cookout and fireworks.

- Baby Bomber makes the most incredible spicy jerked pork you’re ever going to taste. Dude ever wants to open a restaurant, he’ll be set for life.

- Lyran

- A shame he won’t sell the recipe. Last chummer who tried to strongarm it out of him lost three limbs, one by one, from timed injections.

- Beaker

- Kinda takes “hands off” to a whole new level, eh?

- Bung

The Crimson Crush throw what’s probably the closest thing you’ll find to a traditional block party, albeit a well-armed one. While they’re still primarily an ork gang, they’ve grown up over the years, especially since the crash, and now anyone in the Barrens, orkish or otherwise, probably considers their protection rackets an actual security measure, and their relief and provision as genuine support.

- Turbo Bunny

- No, just a chip in their hands.

- Chiron

- All right, this is a sensitive, volatile, and very heavy topic, and while you’re welcome to debate it, please keep it to the appropriate thread.

- Glitch

Anyone brave, crazy, or stupid enough to crash a Halloweener shindig gets what’s coming to them, which usually involves some new scars, some insane stories, and quite probably an unknown grave in a convenient dumpster. The Jackal’s Lantern is infamous for such. It’s considered a Redmond rite of passage: you haven’t really arrived in the Barrens till you’ve seen your first Halloweener fire on Devil’s Night. But Halloween (surprise!) is where they really come out to play. The Lantern is packed with everyone who has something to get destructive about. That means every psycho, tripper, or wannabe who isn’t wearing opposing colors puts on costumes, gets high to the gills, and starts a riot.

- Imagine a riot without any cops. I mean any. Feel however you want about the badges, but absolute metahuman anarchy is something awesome and horrifying to behold.

- LSPD

- Every local bolts their doors and hides when it’s Halloween … unless you’re corp security or a rival gang. For the former, it’s high alert, safeties off, spotlights chugging, and a chance at hazard pay. For the latter, surviving the “holiday” is a rite of passage, and some gangers don’t take the new kid seriously until they’ve taken down a “trick-or-treater.”

- Borderline

- You’d be amazed who shows up to these things. The live music has had a few Goblin Rock bands that made mainstream come back to play, and possible up-and-comers are sometimes scouted by savvy agents who talk their way in (usually undercover).

- Kia

- Some smart lady in the Yakuza came up with the idea of selling attendance to rich would-bes from Bellevue last year. Plenty don’t make it back, but enough do to spread the word to their fellow white-collar psychos.

- Ma’Fan



The Brain Eaters don’t tend to pull flashy parties so much as flashy pranks, but they have been known to throw “Movie Nights” for folks they consider chill, especially neighborhood kids. They find a relatively secure zone and set up a kind of urban scavenger hunt, with the prize being free snacks and viewing the latest pirated sims. They might move a little product to the right folks who show up, but they especially like scouting new talent at these events, whether it’s clever scavvers, savvy smugglers, fellow tech-heads, or just the young and hungry. You’ve gotta be either resourceful or connected to make it, and that’s the kind the Brain Eaters like in their crew.

**>** Don’t fool yourself into thinking that’s cute. They tend to turn the useful folks (including kids) who make it there into part of their organization, if not actual members. It’s nothing more than an investment for them, whether that’s good will or networking. **>** LSPD

The Funhouse has started celebrating Queen’s Day, which is more like a weeklong revel celebrating the completion of the Funhouse complex. The Funhouse is always open, but this is a full-on bacchanal. Every ganger, every resident, every visitor is welcome. The food and booze are overflowing, the prostitutes hold freebie lotteries, and there’s space enough for any of them to sleep it off and come right back down swinging.

- I miss Black Mondays. The Anarchist Black Cross would come down on the third Monday every month with food and meds for the locals, along with paid security. Haven’t seen them in a few years. I wonder if they ran out of steam or just gave up?

- Red

- Or if someone stopped them.

- Icarus

- So, no state-sponsored events of any kind?

- Chiron

- With what money, from what taxes, for which registered citizens? What little they do is token, petty, and utterly unremarkable. The most you’ll see are some paid SINless to show up for what few press hounds decide to bother documenting the publicity farce that passes for Redmond Metroplex Government.

- Hizzoner
