---
id: EC-0094
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Wuxing Park
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wuxing Park

A new entry in Auburn, Wuxing opened a small park as a cultural outreach just east of Lake Wilderness. Designed to emulate a Chinese Scholar’s Garden, the tall hedges and winding pathways make it seem far larger than it actually is, allowing many guests to stroll around and have private(ish) conversations while not being seen by others. The park itself is relaxing and quite lovely, featuring traditional Chinese architecture and natural splendor. Plenty of ducks, frogs, and fish are found in the park’s winding waterways, while the small tea house, snack bar, and cultural center/gift shop give you somewhere to take shelter in case of bad weather.

- Lone Star’s lobbyists at the Governor’s table are paying close attention to these rumors. Lone Star could easily make the facility extraterritorial to keep the forced labor, but if Seattle bans the practice, there goes some market capital, and they’d rather not risk it.

- Baka Dabora

- Cheap labor is the not-so-secret desire of bosses and has been forever. Whatever floor the law offers, they’ll sink to. Since labor laws are practically dictated by corp execs, they are usually not at all favorable to workers.

- 0rkCE0

- Special final note—the **Green River** . The river is seventeen kinds of toxic, thanks mostly to the dumping of chemicals from the assorted industries along it, but there’s also a history of serialkillings that have turned the astral even more hazardous. Toxic elementals spawn from it on the regular, usually on the smaller side, but there are a couple of toxic magicians (mostly shamans, some hermetic) who actively stoke the problems and try to conjure up even more powerful spirits. Rumor has it that a toxic great spirit was bound somewhere along the river’s path, but the exact location has never been pinned down, if it’s true. Needless to say, if you have to astrally project near the river, be on your guard.

**>** Ethernaut
