---
id: EC-0337
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: East Wall
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## East Wall

The pirate haven is no more. East Wall has new residents, and they promptly removed the local pirates from the area. East Wall is now home to T’skin’zik, a leviathan, and his minions. Rumors of treasure being moved into the area abound, and curious adrenaline junkies have already made a few attempts at getting in for a look.

Fox already had two distinct influencer groups on the island, and now they have one more. Local politics speaks for the “norms,” the everyday Anglos who live here. The Koshari and Warpath stand up for the Amerinds who call this home. There aren’t a lot, but a sizable collection of the Anglos on the island actually side with these guys. The Sea Dragon is the newest power player, and she supports the “others” that call Fox home. She’s taken in more and more people each day, but I’ll talk about that in a moment.

When talking politicians, you need to talk about Rickman Triem. He’s the current representative for the island and sits on several other councils that deal with island politics. He’s a down-to-earth guy with no aspirations of greater political power and a simple agenda: Keep trouble off of Fox. He long battled the Native influence, citing its impact on local gangs. He was really talking about the Koshari and Warpath but didn’t want to call out and admit that a crime syndicate operates on the island. That’s still his go-to game, but he now has another group to contend with. He’s slowly losing his political grip on his position as the Sea Dragon brings in more and more of her allies.

As for the native element, its numbers are small, but its influence is expansive. Part of that is the island’s traditions and connection of its festivals and events to a native theme. The other part is how effective they are when they make an effort to make a change. The Koshari make good money on and off this island, and up until recently had a greatsmuggling pipeline. They’ll find a new one, but for now it’s a little more of a struggle, so they rely on keeping up the pro-Native rhetoric and getting people excited about gambling events, bio-Awakened drugs, and occasionally pushing back against the forces that are trying to corrupt the heritage of Fox. And then you have their Warpath side, which finds ways to violently keep people thinking that the Native culture of Fox is good and the Anglo and draconic cultures that are trying to take over will harm the charm of Fox.

- Warpath regularly recruits runners to play a role in their staged efforts or to act as patsies to do the dirty work. Warpath will go ahead and seize the credit for runners’ actions if it makes them look good.

- 2XL

The Sea Dragon moved in and is pushing her way into the politics of this island just like she’s pushing into Seattle as a whole. She knows she can’t afford the backlash of going head-to-head with MCT for Bainbridge, so instead she has chosen Fox to be her backdoor access to Outremer. She’s gotten a lot of support very quickly by taking care of three issues Fox had been plagued with: gangs, smugglers, and pirates.

Her merrow took over the tunnels to cut into Koshari smuggling. Her kin took over East Wall to get rid of the pirates. She actively recruited the gangers on the island to come work with and for her. She pays them well, and they primarily act as site security and construction, but they get other assignments at times. The members of the First Nations, Sly Devils, and Revving Injuns on the island have almost all taken the pay and moved over to helping the Sea Dragon. Now, don’t get it twisted that all these gangers aren’t gangers anymore. They were just smart or scared enough to know that when the Sea Dragon makes you an offer of work with her or be eaten, you work with her. Small sects did break off, and they use guerrilla tactics to make trouble for their former mates.
