---
id: EC-0462
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Urubia
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Urubia

You’ve probably noticed just how often she’s popped up before this. Once considered a curiosity of the barrens, the red Western dragon Urubia has made her mark since buying up and rebuilding land in Redmond, among other places in the Sprawl. She’s best buds and maybe mates with Kalanyr, owns a housing development company (Crimson Wings) with properties all over the city, and has what amounts to a micro-neighborhood in Redmond where she lairs called the Funhouse. She’s been making waves for a while that don’t seem to catch the general attention of the population of Seattle (who have plenty else to worry about these days), but insofar as Redmond goes, she’s a harbinger. Of what, no one can say. She’s been implicated in child-snatching jobs years ago, though no charges ever stuck. It turned out whenever they _could_ prove it, the parents had sold the kids to her, every one of them Awakened (the legalities of these arrangements are, of course, questionable, but Urubia has several lawyers keeping things complicated and tangled. She’s the de facto queen of the Funhouse, which is a self-sufficient enclave that’s only getting more settled, sophisticated, and scary to the neighbors. She’s made overtures to various criminal elements in the city for years, and the Funhouse is now considered a safe neutral meeting space, one where leaders of the varied gangs all over Seattle aren’t just getting along but squashing beefs and even making friends. The Yaks and the Mob might even be a part of that equation, but that kind of thing is less public. Whatever Urubia is planning, it’s got all the hallmarks of big things coming out of the most forgotten place in the city.

- Speaking of, those missing kids that were identified as being there? A lot of them are in their teens, now, and they’d lay down their lives for her. Every one of them is a nova-hot caster, trained, initiated, and ready to kick some ass.

- Ethernaut

- I’m less worried about a dragon with a cult of magical cronies (they’ve all got them, right?) than I am about her efforts to unite the gangs. I’ve been trying to sabotage it for years, but no dice. Every success is overshadowed by three advances where I wasn’t looking. Given how long it’s been going on, and how many crossgang alliances and even friendships have popped up, I don’t get why Urubia hasn’t just pulled them under her wings by now.

- Borderline

- Why so dead set against it? Sounds like less violence in the streets.

- Goat Foot

- Because united gangs means a whole new syndicate, and that means war. Worse, if someone does take out Urubia, or she just up and leaves or something, the whole thing shatters apart, and then you’ve got an even bigger war. You may not like how things are, but I promise they can be a whole lot worse, and you don’t have to squint very hard to see how.

- Borderline

- You really think it’s a good idea to meddle in the affairs of dragons?

- Lyran

- What makes you think she’s meddling? She’s an important part of my plans, whether she knows it or not. I wouldn’t let anything happen to her.

- Crimson Queen

- Trying to track any dragon’s plans is liable to induce a hemorrhage-level migraine, but these two are just fucking with everyone. They’re on the same side, but they support directly opposing forces … and try to unite rival factions at the same time. They’ve got a ton of legitimate enterprise but deal with outright criminals every single day by design. One is fixing local environment, the other pals around with toxic shamans. You’ve gotta wonder how long anything they do stays true, and if there’s even a long-term plan at work.

- Kay St. Irregular

- Dragons always have a long-term plan, and only a fool makes deals with them.

- Thorn

- In Redmond? It makes sense you’d kiss any boot or claw that promises safety or sustenance. Urubia promises both.

- **>** 2XL
