---
id: EC-0366
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

All eyes are on Meeker Park, which is a large project south of Meeker on 12[th] Street SE started by Governor Potter. In the roughly two years since becoming governor, she has put the most political dollars on the line for the district. While it may look like a 160-acre SOTA commercial park, it has much more potential. If it succeeds, Puyallup can see financial improvement as a small-business-friendly district. This type of improvement could propagate out with new cash to rebuild/ renew more areas and start local businesses and improved housing. Already, the mayor has announced new housing that will be built adjacent to Meeker Park

- The groundwork is done, and prefab buildings plopped into place as pretty as you please. At night, 12[th] street glows with streetlamps and holos, with all the AROs leading you to Meeker



Park. Here’s the real meaning of this place to the park’s neighbors: they walk home on 12[th] street after dark.

**>** Lyran

- CityScapes is getting a feel for Puyallup, with a few straightup offers before the mayor announces any contract plans in the district. The questions about their directors are a distant thought down here; the only real question is can they continue their astonishing record. All eyes are on Campa, who has already admitted interest.

**>** Snopes

lup Rangers. The Rangers are made up of former Lone Star, KE, SPD, MetroGuard and even Eagle Security folks. So far Campa has about seventy Rangers, with officers who can deputize an additional forty. Many have positions near their hometowns (Puyallup, Carbonado, Ponderosa Estates, Meeker, etc.).

- While he highlights the Rangers being mainly former law enforcement, there’s a dash of retired runners and former criminals to spice things up.

- Rifleman

- A brief look at those offers puts a few of the would-be’s in Hell’s Kitchen, Orting, etc., where previous structures once existed. If it were Wuxing, people might suggest they’re adjusting the feng shui.

- **>** Mika

If Meeker Park is the northern point of the compass for Puyallup, then the JTF incident is the southern point. The JTF (Joint Task Force Seattle) let some missiles errantly land in Puyallup, and they exploded in or near urban areas. A total of ninety-seven people died, hitting ages and metatypes across the board. Moments later, megacorp media played the footage to spin up the Seattle citizen for independent Seattle. They say the rest is history with Governor Potter, but is it?

Sure, the media loved the Sea Dragon coming onto the aircraft carrier, but what about Puyallup? Nothing. Fifteen minutes of fame was all the corporations had time for. Mayor Campa didn’t get an apology from JTF. The governor didn’t include any financial compensation, because frankly “SINless don’t count as people” and “How can you tell missile damage from the rest of the broken infrastructure?” So while Seattle became an independent city as a whole, the incident left many citizens wanting to take control of their lives and stop being kicked around.

So the Mayor doesn’t know what to do and goes home. A few drinks, a few western trids later, and he has an epiphany. He gets his people to do the legal research and finds some old “An Act to Provide for the Protection of the Frontier” laws from back in the pioneer days. Technically, they are still in effect, just not enforced. By the law, since he believes the government is inadequate in protecting the frontier (meaning Puyallup), he can fund his own law enforcement against “marauding or thieving parties.”

- Technically, that’s at the governor level, not mayoral, but this isn’t the 1870s, either.
