---
id: EC-0503
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: South Renton
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## South Renton

The lower triangle of Renton shares Route 167 with Tacoma to the west and a border with Auburn to the east. There are three neighborhoods in South Renton: Lake Meridian, Kent, and Christopher.

The A-rated area of **Lake Meridian** runs alongside the Auburn border and is a slightly less welloff version of Maple Valley and a close demographic match to Maplewood.

Running along Route 167 south of Maplewood and west of Lake Meridian, Kent is the next step down on the economic ladder. This B-rated area is more diverse than many Renton neighborhoods, and like Issaquah is a mixed-use area. It’s also a working-class neighborhood and the local stronghold of organized crime, with almost every local business having ties to either the Yakuza or the Mafia.

The C-rated lower-middle-class **Christopher** is just about as close to a slum as Renton gets (except for the unofficial Olympic City), but it has power, water, functional sewers, and public transportation. Many of the human residents are down-and-out SINners, living in government-owned housing complexes and surviving on government programs and handouts from charity organizations. Those who are slightly better off stay in crowded low-rent apartment buildings and take whatever work they can find, primarily in construction or low-end service jobs. Orks and humans are sharply divided in the neighborhood, living in heavily segregated neighborhoods, with each blaming the other for their poor living conditions. The few elves and dwarfs living in Christopher are usually subject to hostility from both sides. Wandering into a block where you don’t belong is a sure way to get some verbal abuse or even a physical assault. People get killed every day here for being on the wrong street. Alcoholism, chip abuse, and street drug use are rampant, with organized crime and gangs having a substantial presence. The local chapter of the Renton Neighborhood Watch, called the South Watch, is just as segregated as the neighborhood, with watch teams being either all human or all ork. The Night Hunters are a constant threat to the non-human residents, while the Crimson Crush has formed a new south chapter in the area that’s quickly gaining recruits.
