---
id: EC-0285
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Black Market Boom for Red Items
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Black Market Boom for Red Items

Arguably the biggest challenge within Fort Lewis isn’t strategic or even tactical, but logistical and security-related. During its final withdrawal from Seattle, the UCAS military chose to focus its efforts on evacuating personnel. This meant that exceptionally large quantities of surplus and (more importantly) milspec weapons, armor, equipment, and general supplies were abandoned. Normally, this would have been a boon for the fledgling military force. But instead, large portions of this equipment—classified as “red items”—have subsequently come up missing, and in too many casesthis stuff has shown up on local black markets or in the hands of dangerous individuals.

**>** I resemble that remark.

**>** Kane

Compounding matters is that the new Seattle government was ultimately unable to get an accurate count of just how many red items the UCAS had originally left behind. This makes it impossible to audit let alone currently track red items, as the UCAS destroyed or corrupted as many of the associated data files as they could before evacuating. Whether this was part of the evacuation protocol/ procedure or part of some kind of back-door deal is still being investigated by SMAF intelligence units and analysts.

- Soon after the UCAS pulled out, my contacts were blowing up my commlink with offers to buy and facilitate deals for these red items coming out of Fort Lewis. Most were small-time, a few choice items here and there. But as the weeks went on, I learned that several caches of “acquired” UCAS gear have been established throughout Fort Lewis and later in secret locations throughout them Metroplex itself. And we are not talking a few crates of small arms. In some cases, we are talking bleedingedge technology that may have once been highly classified just a few short weeks ago. And I will say, the competition for such items is **fierce** .

- Red Anya

Regardless of _how_ it evolved, this situation has caused a substantial increase in smuggling operations and created new black-market pipelines for red items as well as other contraband in and around Fort Lewis. This has also contributed to a marked increase of criminal activity within the district. Currently there are three major criminal factions operating in Fort Lewis, each trying to use the situation to their own distinct advantage.
