---
id: EC-0057
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: KSAF
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## KSAF

In a time when the world is in the air and upside down, people want news more than ever. KSAF has been delivering in spades, always one step ahead of the competition and bringing decentralized reporting to the masses. President Helena Rossum has taken to the screeds once again, leading her guerilla army of journalists in a 24/7 update stream on current events. From interviews to exposés, it’s become more popular than ever before.

- Rossum’s security has only increased, bringing it from paranoid to politico level. You can bet some of the folks afraid of what she’ll find would love a bullet in her brain, but she’s paying top dollar for top talent.

- Sunshine



- Don’t be surprised if you see more of those journalist shadow ops popping up in the stables of various fixers. While many KSAF correspondents love to hire runners for intel and datasteals, plenty more have decided it’s easier to get the dirt running with the likes of us. Double-check new talent: at best, you get a decent investigator or decker who will split bonus proceeds and keep your ID confidential. At worst, your mug goes viral when they sell you out for a scoop.

- Ethernaut

- This doesn’t just apply to KSAF. Shadow journalists are becoming a hot new vogue lately, and there’s no telling if they’re pulling for a corporate master or just freelance muckrakers.

- Sunshine

- Ironically, literally none of this is news.

- Rigger-X
