---
id: EC-0279
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Current Public Perceptions
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Public Perceptions

Fort Lewis is a district that’s trying to remain the same while also changing to meet the strategic challenges of Seattle’s new territorial status. Current public perception sees Fort Lewis operating exactly as it did before, like the military installation it was when the UCAS was still in charge. However, beneath that façade, the actual situation is fragile at best. Currently, there’s an omnipresent undercurrent of tension and stress brought on by some unit/command infighting, certain “logistical problems” (more on that later), and an uncertain future that’s being felt by both the district’s military and civilian populations despite the continued projection of business as usual. Those who chose to remain in Fort Lewis have been moving forward with a sort of grim determination, performing their duties to the best of their abilities, hoping for the best but expecting the worst.

This situation has caused many in the district, both military and civilian alike, to adopt a sort of carpe diem attitude, even among some of the district leaders and military command staff. While this attitude has so far had a positive effect in the short term, allowing personnel to better deal with current realities, the top commanders in the SMAF worry that this attitude could lead to future longterm problems (such as combat readiness). For

now, the district and military leadership have developed a wait-and-see attitude on the matter.

- I’ve been entertaining more than a few Fort Lewis soldiers of late. Lot of them think it’s better to spend what pay they’ve got now, because if something goes wrong or the real shooting starts, they’ll be the first to die anyway.

- SeaTac Sweetie

- Given the strategic situation the new Seattle military faces— namely, being surrounded on all sides by potential enemies with much larger (and tactically speaking more capable) militaries while they themselves are currently far from being a unified and coherent fighting force—I can understand how that kind of stress will affect operations and personnel at every level.

**>** Picador
