---
id: EC-0189
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Lodges - Eagle Lodge
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lodges

## Eagle Lodge

I love this place. The aviary is absolutely magnificent, and the birds within are such regal creatures. The lodge is run by the Council to raise and care for various breeds of eagles, hawks, and falcons native to the Pacific Northwest and farther reaches. Native species are intended for local release while species from greater distances are kept for presentation or offered to fellow aviaries around the globe in order to be released. The place is open to the public year-round with special presentations given by the onsite ornithologists in order to educate the masses on these local raptors.

The Windwalker Aviary was dedicated a few years back after the murder of Leona Windwalker. She was a pivotal piece of the care system for rescued birds and was killed shortly after her nature as a shapeshifter was revealed to the public. This aviary is specially purposed as a safe haven for injured or hunted avian shapeshifters. It has an access portal that can be operated by other avian shapeshifters, and once inside, they all understand the rules.

Beyond the confines of the netted aviaries, there are still magnificent specimens as several mated pairs of eagles use the rooftop as well as the trees on the property for nesting. There are currently two pairs of imperial eagles, a pair of golden eagles, and four pairs of bald eagles on the property.

- The Windwalker Aviary is a frequent spot to meet Soleil Ensen, a fixer with heavy connections in the shapeshifter community. The meets are usually all about handing over a bounty or setting up a contract on a hunter.

- Lyran

- You might notice the similar likeness of Soleil to Leona. If it weren’t for the heavy scarring on her left cheek, the pair could be twins. In fact they are not—rather, Soleil is Leona. The murderattempt was botched because, ha, shapeshifters regenerate! They still hit her hard enough to leave the scarring, but she left the smiles and healing game to let her rapturous side come out. **>** Ecotope
