---
id: EC-0180
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Asamando
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Asamando

They’re often busy on CI, as it is one of the few embassies they have. They’re always fighting for Infected rights and trying to show the world that Infected are not monsters.

- That battle went steeply uphill a few years back when some kind of shift occurred in the expression of Infection. They still try, and we still seek to be part of the world, but it’s not easy.

- Ire

central region of NorthAm has pulled their representatives to CI in order to deal with the troubles with the Yellowstone caldera. Exactly what part they are trying to play is a mystery many want to know. This is the best place to find out.

- Rumors say they’re trying to collapse the whole thing in on itself or to let it blow. Whatever exactly is there, they don’t want it accessible.

- /dev/grrl

- It’s a gateway to the metaplanes. Specifically, I think it goes to the Seelie Court (I can’t spell its formal name. Starts with a B).

- Slamm-0!

- The gateway isn’t the problem. The fuel is. The energy in the region is being funneled from the lava flow and geothermal power that somehow has some massive mana flow to it. According to rumors, Aztlan is currently keeping the lid on after the Sioux nearly botched it.

- Mika

- Sioux weren’t as proficient with blood magic as the Azzies. Sacrifices are all that’s keeping a lid on for now. Busloads of prisoners being transferred are going missing and being handed over to the Azzies.

- Ecotope

- It’s like a wolf working as a herding dog. Sure, they can play the part for a while, but the flock is still food in their eyes.

- Clockwork

- I can’t lie. It’s true. But we are working on it and getting better.

- Hannibelle

- A decent number of those prisoners are Awakened and being pooled from different corporate prisons to give maximum fuel to the Azzie’s mojo. This deal is far more complex than just the Azzie/Sioux dynamic and has to involve other megas—and probably other governments.

- Ire
