---
id: EC-0342
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Hotspots - McNeil Correctional Center (MCC) and The Annex at MCC
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspots

## McNeil Correctional Center (MCC) and The Annex at MCC

Both facilities are operated by Lone Star Correctional Services (LSCS), and they kept that contract even in the era when Knight Errant held the municipal police contract. The MCC has been in operation since the late 1800s. The Annex is a newer addition intended for minimum-security inmates. It operates a large number of work programs and even has inmates approved for partial release. Both of them are Lone Star cash cows, and they take prisoners from everyone—UCAS, Seattle Metro, AAA megacorporate, it doesn’t matter. They issue them LSCS criminal SINs, and the prisoners’ upkeep is paid by whatever body sent them. When inmates are released, they need to update their native SIN or get stuck living with the LSCS criminal SIN until their probation is done. At that point, they’re remanded to the local municipality or their former SIN issuer for a new or reissued SIN.

The MCC was relocated to the center of the island when the Annex became the new name for a remodeled original MCC on the south coast. It’s confusing for some, but locals know the history. All prison transportation to the mainland goes through the Annex, as they have a small dock. The prison is growing their reputation as a rehabilitation facility rather than a place of punishment, and several success stories have reintegrated into local society as proof of the worth of their methods.

- There are dark rumors on how that happens, but no proof.

- **>** Balladeer
