---
id: EC-0195
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Marge\u2019s Flowers & Nursery"
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Marge’s Flowers & Nursery

You can check the local node for the advert version of Marge’s, but those in the know on the street are aware of her connections to the Koshari and the fact that her massive greenhouse and gardens are just a front. She launders money for the Koshari and also grows BADs (bio-Awakened drugs) in a cavern complex underneath her property. It’s not large, but it grows well and clean thanks to the mana on the island. People say that Marge’s deepweed won’t just let you see the astral but will let you visit metaplanes. Others say that such things are far beyond the abilities of a mere plant.

- Marge also makes deliveries with specially regulated drones. The drones carry her flowers and arrangements off the island and all over Seattle, and they usually have some extra cargo as well.

- Kane

- Bulldrek. The pawns or the star would have grabbed one and busted her drones long ago.

- Black Knight

- The drones hold the special deliveries in an internal compartment that can incinerate the evidence if stopped anywhere other than their delivery point. Street punks in the know will often snag a Marge drone and inhale the smoke fromthe burnoff. Sometimes it’s a high, sometimes it’s choking on fumes, but either way, it’s free.

**>** Slamm-0!

- Free until the Koshari catch you doing it.

**>** Glitch
