---
id: EC-0159
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Kadeem Shale
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Kadeem Shale

For those of you who still read books, the name Kadeem Shale ought to sound familiar. For the last forty-plus years, the elven author has been the driving force behind the fictional perception of shadowrunners. Since the late ’30s, at least twelve of his books have been adapted to trideo films. He still writes every day, creating vivid shadowrunner characters like Blaze, Long Tom, and the Jaeger. Officially, Shale rarely leaves his massive Bridal Trails estate except to make appearances at events and malls throughout Bellevue. Unofficially, Shale does a lot of his research hands-on, often hiring shadowrunners to bring him into dangerous areas and protect him as he makes contact with the real-life people who inspire his stories.

**>** Shale doesn’t stop at hiring runners to bring him to secret meetups. I’ve been hired by the guy more than once to film the shadow work I do. He uses the footage as inspiration for his combat scenes and occasionally to help him develop a plot when he’s hit a block.

- Hard Exit

- There is a theory that Shale died a long time ago on one of those aforementioned research excursions, and the people who run his estate hire actors to pretend to be him for public appearances. If true, the person or persons writing those books are just doing so under his pen name to maintain the clout that name brings.

- X-Prime
