---
id: EC-0344
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Reflection and Reflection\u2019s Edge"
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Reflection and Reflection’s Edge

As the largest community on the island, Reflection and Reflection’s Edge need a mention here. Reflection was built up when the population spiked in the ’20s. It’s got a wall to protect its citizens from a potential mass prisoner escape and inISLANDSvasion, but when inmates started being released to live on the island and more people came to live on McNeil, a small additional town was built outside the wall. That’s Reflection’s Edge.

Both spots have quaint shops and all the necessities of modern life, though inside Reflection you can tell the bulk of the residents are LSCS employees. The construction of Reflection left several other small coastal strips of shops abandoned. They’re occasionally used as LSCS training facilities and are common hiding spots for inmates who somehow forget they’re imprisoned on an island.

pharmaceutical relief, companionship services, and odds challenge exercises hosted in Reflection and two other private-island properties. He’s a meticulous numbers and planning guy who always fits the action to the bill. He’ll help move people to and from the island for a price, though his risk/ reward ratio tends to be heavily skewed toward more illicit moves.

- He’s been at it for a bit and several younger soldiers have got eyes on his cushy seat out here on the island. The bosses are letting it play out as long as it doesn’t mess with the bottom line.

- **>** Fianchetto
