---
id: EC-0437
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Bargain Basement
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Bargain Basement

Once one of the swankiest highrises in Redmond when it was a booming pre-Crash tech enclave, the Bargain Basement has been gutted and reformatREDMONDted (see what I did there?) into the best black-market bazaar you’ll find in the region. Considering the competition, that’s no small boast. Once mere housing by syndicate slumlords, the BB has seen a recent shift on account of the rise of Urubia. Both Yakuza and Mob connections have been running the show here for a long time, but the funny thing about rising real estate is that sometimes it forces the neighbors to up their game. The syndicates now find themselves trying to weigh their options against the dragon’s influence, and the BB is where the test case is happening. Each side is trying to out-do the other on a budget, meaning it’s become a kind of swanky-for-a-squatter imitation of the Funhouse. No nightclubs or schools or anything, but business is up in the newly erected bazaar, and the housing is getting somewhat better services (including less extortion, more electricity, and actual hot water). What’s more, the Star hasn’t quite picked up on it, yet, so the really hot commodities move through here fast and hard while they can.

- The competition is viewed at higher echelons as a kind of experiment, but the local bosses are seething at the opportunity to take down their opposite numbers and seize the Basement for their masters. They’ve convinced themselves that this is the ground floor of the Next Big Thing, and Redmond syndicate “lords” tend to be the fuck-ups among their kind. If the BB is their ticket out, they’ll spill as much blood, move as much product, and even renovate as much real estate as it takes to get it.

- Fianchetto
