---
id: EC-0313
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

Bainbridge is poised to be a battleground between MCT and the Sea Dragon. We can all hope it doesn’t end up looking like some of the other corp versus dragon conflicts, but you never know. The odds wouldn’t be in favor of that. While both MCT and the Sea Dragon are known for their ruthlessness, they are also known for their cunning, and a battle across the shadows is far more likely than open conflict. The Sea Dragon wants to weaken the hold of MCT on Bainbridge in order to increase her own influence across Outremer. Conversely, MCT wants to keep the Sea Dragon relegated to Blake, Fox, and the waters of the Sound so they can maintain the solid footing they have on Bainbridge.

MCT’s plans and current development of their arcology would not only solidify their hold here on Bainbridge but would also present an iconic view for the rest of the coast of Seattle. The trouble is, that arcology is being planned to go out over the Sound and down into it, pushing into the dangerous realm the Sea Dragon currently controls. She may not own the water, but there is no force on earth as powerful in the water as the Sea Dragon.

This also means conflicts at street level when the Yakuza attempts to fight off the small-time jobs the Sea Dragon is going to use to threaten MCT’s control. A little chaos can go a long way to hurt local support, though the vast majority of the locals here are MCT citizens, so it may work the wrong way if the spin doctors do their job properly.

On the bright side, the parties at the various towers this year should be exceptionally interesting as political, social, and corp/dragon conflicts will be playing out. The new freedom, constant hierarchy battles among executives and Yakuza _shategashira_ , and the aforementioned MCT/Sea Dragon issues are going to play out in glares, stares, subtle stabs, and deliberate jabs. There’s also always a great chance of being witness to runners in action as these places are full of targets with security left elsewhere.
