---
id: EC-0443
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Dr. Bob\u2019s Quickstitch Clinic"
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dr. Bob’s Quickstitch Clinic

You’ve never met Dr. Bob. No one has. It’s just a name, one used by a few practitioners over the years. But the name means something in Redmond: quality care with discretion, no strings attached. While they’re not known for their augmentation work, you get fixed and watched over while you recuperate, all at reasonable rates.

- The old doc in charge, Dr. Tran, had to beat feet when he let a Crimson Crusher die on the table while he was tending to minor human flesh wounds. No idea where he got off to, but the new manager is Dr. Cara Mordren, officially retired from CrashCart, unofficially in business for herself.

- 2XL

gangs and syndicate players in an atmosphere of revelry, neutrality, and relative safety. “Relatively” translates to Urubia eating anyone who causes trouble. Yeah. That kind of safety. Leave the guns at home, kids, this is dragon country.

- Space is limited for the living quarters, and enough folks want in that it’s almost inevitable that Urubia expand outward. Given the employment, security, even detox programs offered to residents, it’s no wonder. If Redmond was all Funhouse, it’d probably make a lot more people happy than those who get pissed off.

- Silk

- You don’t think it’s scary when dragons run the show?

- Slamm-0!

- I think Saeder-Krupp is one of the largest employers in the world, and that’s more dangerous than the Funhouse. And frankly, I don’t put Lofwyr outside the general asshole range of most rich and powerful people. We’re all toys at that level, skin or scales, and I’d rather be a loved pet than an expendable asset.

- Silk

- Those who invite leashes rarely shed them.

- Many-Names
