---
id: EC-0260
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Government and District Services
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Government and District Services

With the changes brought by the new district mayor and the many new members of the district council, Everett’s government has now seen everything the sprawl has seen, only in miniature. Central to all of this is **Everett District Hall** , with the offices for the mayor, the Council Chambers, and the new **Seattle Veterans Association** . The Hall is connected by a series of underground passageways that were built in the ’70s, along with an entirely new infrastructure system allowing for the District courthouse, jail, records, and other administrative offices to operate in the worst conditions possible.

- The access improvements were part of a whole facility services upgrade. There are now defensive turrets and security improvements at the buildings, especially around the courthouse, records and District Hall itself. Knight Errant, who put in the system, turned the entire thing over the Lone Star. We’ll see how that works out.

Ko’mungo Ring helping with operations. Nothing illegal has been uncovered yet, but give it time.

**>** Netcat

A local landmark, the **Lynnwood Library** retains its impressive collection of all things magical, but it has had to increase their security around it, funded in part by several local universities, talismongers, and bibliophiles. They remain an extension of the Seattle library system but have managed to keep their relative distance from corporate influence only through the sheer power of networking.

- Networking and shadowrunning. It is a very turf-neutral location, and no one wants to see it lose its diversity and community connections. Even with the local talent, some hooding has taken place to keep the library as self-supporting as it can.

- Frosty

**Everett District Community College** has seen a curriculum expansion into basic naval and civil engineering as well as criminal law and customs handling. It is still located just south of the (still surviving) **American Legion Memorial Park** and **Everett Country Club** .

- Maersk and Evo both issued a lot of grants for the school recently, as did Renraku and Shiawase. What might’ve been seen as a tech school or a place to get an associate’s degree is now being looked at as a step toward much bigger and better things by the locals.

- **>** Pistons
