---
id: EC-0477
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Who Will Watch the Watchers?
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Who Will Watch the Watchers?

Support for the Renton Neighborhood Watch has steadily grown over the last decade, with the number of patrols and the area covered constantly increasing. With little training or centralized control, and almost no accountability, the actions and motivations of any particular chapter or even team of the Watch depend largely on who joins it. The Watch members have also changed tactics over the last few years, becoming more confrontational and aggressive. Complaints about Watch teams stepping over the line and breaking the law are becoming increasingly common. They have also moved from wearing light armor and carrying purely non-lethal defensive weapons to heavier body armor, sometimes helmets, and an array of lethal weapons. Almost all patrol members now carry a personal firearm in addition to the standard issue stun baton, and many patrols have at least one member armed with an assault rifle. The recent fear generated over the blackouts and Seattle’s sudden exit from the UCAS has accelerated the growth of the Neighborhood Watch, with money and new volunteers flooding into nearly every Renton neighborhood.

Along with the increased support to the Neighborhood Watch, there is also growing support for Humanis in Renton. After decades of declining membership, fear generated by recent events has renewed interest in the anti-meta policlub. Don’t get me wrong, it’s still not fashionable to be an out-and-out racist, but membership is growing, even if the new members are keeping it a secret. It remains to be seen how much overlap there will be between these two trends. The Renton Neighborhood Watch has always had to deal with allegations of a Humanis affiliation, and with the increase in the membership of both groups, this is sure to accelerate.

Word on the street is that several pro-metahuman groups are willing to pay for runs against the two organizations, looking for proof they’re secretly connected, or at least finding out where the overlap really is. There also seems to be some hooding opportunities for curbing the excesses of the more aggressive watch teams, especially those operating in Christopher.
