---
id: EC-0475
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Renton\u2019s Awakened Boom"
page: 157
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Renton’s Awakened Boom

It turns out levitating off the ground or throwing lightning bolts from your fingertips makes you even more of an outsider than having pointed ears or tusks. The Awakened have never been accepted by Renton’s suburbanite masses, and anyone even suspected of having powers is subjected to suspicion and fear. That attitude makes it strange for the Apep Consortium to choose a Renton location for its new library complex. Public outcry started as soon as the development was announced, and numerous legal attempts were made to stop it. Despite the opposition, the library campus opened in



’78 and dozens, perhaps hundreds of Awakened staff have been moved onto the library campus. In addition to the staff, entrepreneurs have opened talismonger shops and magical lore stores near the library. Cafés, restaurants, and nightclubs having magical themes and catering to the Awakened crowd have also moved in. New housing developments are going up, and an entirely new Renton neighborhood is growing out of the ground southeast of Cougar Mountain.

Friction with the neighboring Renton residents has steadily increased as the Awakened population grows. Accusations of toxic magical practices by the Apep Consortium led to official investigations but no action. There is also a new wiz-gang of Awakened teens calling themselves Validus Magus sparring with other Renton gangs. The shadows are active on both sides as well, with runs being offered to extract information and personnel from the library and also to protect the newly formed magical community from hostile outside organizations.
