---
id: EC-0050
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Gaeatronics
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Gaeatronics

Gaeatronics has long been the clean option compared to Shiawase’s lowest-bidder approach to nuclear energy, but with Shiawase’s recent acquisition of the downtown arcology, that may change very quickly. A corp with extensive ties to the SSC, their presence in Seattle represents one of the longstanding commercial connections between the two nations, and losing the energy contracts for the metroplex will deal them a significant blow locally.

- I want to point out that Gaeatronics will be fine. They’ve got contracts across the world and they do more than just power and electricity. A diverse portfolio is how you get—and stay—big.

- Mr. Bonds



- That may be true, but money is money, and the Clean G likes nuyen like everyone else. But here’s the kicker: Gaeatronics’ political weight will have more worth than clean energy before long. Those links to the SSC are juicy proxy suck-up points for the corp that wants to expand into NAN markets, which is why a few corps are courting Gaeatronics with door prizes like private supply contracts. Make nice with them, and you might just get to sell your shit to the Salish.

- Hannibelle

- Gaeatronics is looking to expand their other interests to make up the losses, primarily with environmentally on-brand services like cleanup and scientific supply and expertise. There’s some talk they’re quietly courting Eta for team-ups, which might link them to Wuxing before long. Nothing like a little corporate incest to get the stock ticker flowing.

- Mr. Bonds
