---
id: EC-0169
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

When Seattle went independent, CI (and the Salish) had to have been on board. The transition was too smooth for something that was just sprung on someone. The thing is, the actual details of any sort of agreement were certainly not hammered out until after the announcement, and some of those details are still being worked out.

- Just letting the joint task force leave was an obvious inside job. Come on! The JTF flies out and a few days later, independence!

- **>** Kane

Thus far what we know is that Council Island is the property of the Salish-Shidhe Council for the next one hundred years. Seattle owns no rights to the island with the exception of the property rented as part of their embassy (yes, they have one). The Salish are honoring all the previous aspects of their relationship in regard to airspace, I-90, the CI ferry, extradition, and legal authorities. The waters of Lake Washington for two hundred meters from shore belongs to the Salish as well. This distance is marked by buoys and ARO markers as well as GPS tags that warn someone when they are about to cross the border. Near the bridge, that’s over half the distance to Bellevue.

Speaking of borders, CI is the focus and hub for all conversations regarding the next Treaty of Denver, which will likely be called the Treaty of Seattle (or Council Island), but nothing formal has been set yet. For now, Council Island is the place to be if you want to see what shifts might occur in NorthAm politics. Even more interesting to folks is how this next treaty will change borders. Council Island, and the Salish, aren’t looking for any growth, but areas to focus on include: determining the future of the UCAS/Sioux border, finalizing Denver’s boundaries, settling the longstanding battle over NorCal between California Free State and Tír Tairngire, shifting the outline of the Confederation of American States, and the settling and acceptance of the Free City of St. Louis. These issues will be covered in official chambers as well as all the bars, backrooms, brothels, and benches of the island. Formal decisions are announced from the Council Lodge, but everyone knows the rest of the politics occurs everywhere else on the island. With Denver under the scrutiny of Ghostwalker and DeeCee rocked by the UCAS’s internal struggles, Seattle, and specifically Council Island, are going to top of the list of political espionage centers.

**>** That political overview is nice, but let me highlight some things. The UCAS is pissed because they just lost Seattle. Their politicians are still spewing garbage about a NAN plot and the Sioux supporting Seattle’s departure in order to distract the UCAS from their border war, saying that the Salish holding the JTF for so long was just part of the ploy. Add in the loss of their bid to get St. Louis to come their way and the continued struggles they are having with their major metros, and you can see the Sioux did not need to manipulate Seattle. The UCAS barely has Boston back in basic operation, Chicago is still a sore spot that keeps getting the scab pulled off, DeeCee just had another terror scare with a horde of shedim, Detroit took a big hit, the loss of Denver’s UCAS sector was a slap in the face, and several cities along the Sioux border have changed hands with barely a shot fired because they just don’t see the UCAS government as being able to come help them. Having Seattle basically sculpt Council Island into the North American treaty town is just another gut punch that they have to smile and take. **>** Fianchetto

- Council Island is going to be central to a lot of political moves. Moves that other parties will want to know about before they happen in order to prevent them. That means shadowruns. We’ll all be sitting pretty with work from this move. Just remember to make connections on the island to make getting in and out smoother.

- Mika

- North America just keeps breaking off new political chunks. Free cities seem to be all the rage. Not sure, but I think some history has been forgotten.

- Orbital DK

- Maybe. Definitely repeated, but these states at least have the makings of a successful endeavor as long as they can get a powerful benefactor to turn them into puppet states. Denver is well on the way, and both Seattle and St. Louis have been getting support from corps and other powers. As long as they don’t tear themselves apart from the inside, they’ve certainly got a chance.

- Glitch

- I know the Sioux is going to get to keep some of that UCAS dirt they took, but my eyes are focused on NorCal and the Tír. That pot has been boiling for quite a bit, and with all the chaos on the continent, it seems a perfect time to turn up the heat, let it boil over, and see who gets burned.

- Thorn

- There’s already a ton of talk on CI about that. CalFree has a contingent on the island and so does the Tír. They’ve been meeting through a mediator in order to settle on a plan when this treaty comes around. I don’t think Tír wants a war, but everything I hear has CalFree chomping at the bit in order to throw a few punches at the elves.

- Slamm-0!



- That’s Church’s doing. Bryson Church is a Black Lodge cockroach who just won’t seem to die. He keeps popping up, and no one seems to be able to finish him off for good.

- Ire

- He’s the one rumored to control shedim, right? Maybe he’s a master and has just hid it really well.

- Lyran

  - Other forms of entertainment are also present on the island, but they’re less official. The Koshari run all the illegal operations on the island, but they bring in the participants from off-island. Everyone running the gambling dens, brothels, or drug dens do not live on the island. They come in each day to work and then get either sent back or doss in a flop on CI. The Koshari respect the Salish desire to keep illegal activity as an import and avoid local entanglements.

  - Sounder

- The new city states and treaty are going to keep the shadows here hot, but don’t limit your mindset to NorthAm powers. Council Island has embassies from around the globe, and they’ll be playing in the politics of this region as well as dealing with things back home. Azania, Asamando, Congo, and the Nigerian Kingdoms are all using Council Island as neutral ground to deal with African politics.

- Plan 9

- Always remember that embassies are sovereign, so you have to face the laws of the country you are in, not Salish law like out on the street. Sometimes it’s harsher, sometimes, it’s easier. Problem is, you have to leave some time, and if the crime is harsh enough, the SSC will hire runners to bypass diplomatic protections. Then again, all of the nations with embassies have extradition treaties with the SSC, so it won’t be long until they negotiate a handover.

- Stone

With all this politicking going on, you’d think this island has no time for fun, but you would be wrong! While politics and property rentals may be a decent source of revenue, tourism is even greater, and in order to keep tourists flowing in, you need events for them to attend.

Celebrations from across the NAN are mirrored here on the island. Tribal ceremonies and celebrations are hosted on the southern part of the island with guests usually walking or taking electric cart shuttles down to the area. The majority of the days have a celebration, and on the few rare days when a celebration is not scheduled, CI usually puts together some kind of tour or multicultural celebration to talk about all the tribes and their histories. It’s quite educational.

A few of the biggest celebrations are Soyal, hosted for the Hopi and Zuni at the winter solstice to celebrate creation and new life; the Iroquois Thunder Ceremony in mid-April; and the trio of Tewa dances that tend to be the greatest draws—Turtle at the new year, Deer for three days in October, and Buffalo honoring healing and life in November.

- The Tewa have modern versions of a few of their dances that have caught on with the younger crowd. They show up on droves to these celebrations, take a collection of drugs, and then dance the day/night away. Quite the show.

- /dev/grrl

- They also don’t tolerate anything that harms the local residents or influences them to act against the SSC and NAN. They’ll gladly cause trouble for foreign diplomats or tourists, but locals are protected.

- Ecotope
