---
id: EC-0555
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: '> The Cathode Glow'
page: 184
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## > **The Cathode Glow**

This place is paradise for hackers who appreciate oldschool tech. They’ve got working examples of computers and video games going back a hundred years, as well as a staff who is happy to talk shop. The best part are the video game tournaments, with leagues going head to head for prizes paid by the entrance fees. Great place to find someone in the know if you’ve got some esoteric archaeotech you need worked on, or just scoping fresh talent.

> The Dead Decker Society

> Which is exactly what the owner does. Casey Connors is a friend to budding tech specialists, deckers, and virtuakinetics, teaching them the ropes. He isn’t a VK himself, but he’s got some on staff, and he’s always happy to help a kid build their first deck or code their first program. He took a shine to Jack when we brought him for his first tournament, and we’re looking forward to the next one.

> Netcat



- Did he set any high scores yet?

> Bull

- Come to the next Little Ninja Vic Cyber Assassin 8 playoff and see for yourself!

- Slamm-0!

> Cool side note, but Aunt Cassie likes to bring some of her classes here for a field trip. She and Connors have a “rivalry” that’s some of the most wholesome ribbing you ever saw, and you can bet your bottom nuyen they refer clients and students to each other constantly.

> Glitch
