---
id: EC-0158
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Layli Red Feather
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Layli Red Feather

When it comes to NAN politics, lineage matters. Red Feather is descended from Chief Morning Star of the Cheyenne. She has roots in the Shield warrior society of the Cheyenne. If that weren’t enough, she’s beautiful and a highly talented Buffalo shaman. As conversations ramp up about the upcoming Treaty of Seattle negotiations, Layli Red Feather looks to be the politiBELLEVUEcal chess piece that all sides are vying to control. The Salish-Shidhe council treats her like a prized object and always tries to get her at the table when discussing the future of the NAN. Whatever her political opinions are on the matter, she is trying hard to avoid having the conversation. Red Feather operates as a sought-after spiritual healer out of the Beaux Arts micro-arcology near the bridge to Council Island. While mostly content with working in the Belle, she leads the Sun Dance on Council Island every July.

- The Sun Dance is an extremely dangerous magical ritual. Participants cannot eat or drink during the multi-day event. Worse still, the version practiced at Council Island requires selfmutilation. The ritual leader is required to drag around a buffalo skull attached by long tethers tied to skewers that are rammed through her back. It’s no surprise that after the ritual, she retreats to her Bellevue home for an entire month to heal from the experience.

- Ethernaut

- A ritual casting that intense must trigger some major magic. What is it they are trying to do?

- Jimmy No

- The purpose and type of spell being cast changes year to year. That decision is made by members of the council and ultimately decided by Layli herself.

- Ethernaut

- Red Feather was once targeted by a Truth Dancer unit on suspicions of terrorism. She was cleared of all charges, but it came out that she had been working with a number of First Nations gang members in cities throughout the Sioux region. Nobody knows what her relationship is with the First Nations, but all the charges were dropped before anyone dug too deep.

- Mika
