---
id: EC-0241
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies - Freelancers
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies

## Freelancers

While other teams are, at best, “frenemies” who are competing with you, the freelancers out there are fantastic. Shadowrunners without teams, they’re always hungry for work. When your decker can’t show because his kid broke an arm on the slide and you need emergency support, having a freelancer on-call to step in is the difference between a paycheck and blown rep off a scrubbed mission. Need somebody with a minisub? A helicopter extraction? A few more guns for a miniature war? Keep freelancers on call. Lean on your fixers to get you numbers and have a few that owe you favors. You won’t regret it.

- Don’t discount other teams! Some are rivals who’ll gank you, say, “Nothing personal, just business,” and drive off with the goods, but there are plenty of runners who follow a higher code, who still put value in the bonds formed with other runners, and the overall community. They’ll give you tips when the heat’s on,

DOWNTOWNtoss you runs that they won’t take, hire you as backup—or you can hire them as backup, depending on who has money at the time (or at least the most markers to call in).

**>** Stone

**>** It’s the dream, chummer.

**>** Glitch

- It’s a nightmare.

- Sticks

- There’s strength in solidarity.

- Chainmaker

  - It’s selling out.

  - Bull

- Frag that. If you’re not the lead dog, the view never changes.

- Clockwork

- It’s hitting it big.

- 0rkCE0
