---
id: EC-0073
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Regional Geology
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Regional Geology

The topography of Seattle is simple—hills, hills, everywhere. The Downtown area is generally hilly, with the classic seven hills of Seattle reference being slapped on the area. Of course, in the true fashion of legends, the specific seven hills are never defined, mainly because there are far more than seven hills in Seattle. Beyond Downtown, the hills rise towards the mountains, and direct routes to anywhere are extremely rare if you can’t fly. Megacorp construction has smoothed out some large swathes of land, but that doesn’t necessarily help the overall topography, as these swathes often create large drop-offs or force the creation of switchbacks.

**>** East Coast and Midwest runners are often left confused when they suddenly can’t just navigate instinctively using the street grid. **>** Matt Wrath

The weather here isn’t rainy all the time, as I pointed out in my intro. It’s generally cloudy most of the year, with about two hundred days of clouds, another one hundred of partial clouds, and only sixty or so with abundant sun shine. The rain mythos comes from the general drizzle that falls on those cloudy days and leaves this place in a perpetual state of moistness, with only about a meter of water falling across the whole year—significantly less than falls in New York. Temperatures average 21 degrees Celsius in the region, but will get up over 30 degrees Celsius in the summer and down to about 4 degrees Celsius in the winter, though neither extreme holds for extended stints, thanks to the moderating effect of the Puget Sound and Lake Washington. It’s important to note that Redmond sits a bit up in elevation, and its temperatures aren’t quite as regulated by the waters. They regularly get snow and sit below freezing for a week or more at a time.

While not precipitation but still a part of the local weather, the southern portions of the metroplex get a significant amount of ashfall thanks to local eruptions. Air quality often sucks, and breathing masks are a common accessory and regularly get used as a fashion statement. Strong winds in spring and autumn tend to clear things up, and the consistent breeze created by local waters keep Downtown from getting ashy. Most areas south of Lake Union, however, get a covering on a consistent basis.
