---
id: EC-0224
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: '> Brackhaven Investments'
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## > **Brackhaven Investments**

These offices manage the financial and investment portfolios of BI’s clients all over the world, but of late they’ve proven to be a hotzone of controversy, given the varied scandals of the Brackhaven administration. No doubt Kenneth thought the downfall of the UCAS might provide an out from investigations by government agencies, but he underestimated the value of both political and economic capital to be gained by the newly independent metroplex in justice and fines. The former governor is effectively under house arrest. He’s considered a quiet flight risk, and agents of the new administration are there at all hours combing through data for the sake of the case.

- Mr. Bonds

- All that scrutiny has seen a lot of their clients run for the hills, sending BI stock into the crapper. Shorting it has become easy sport among casual daytraders.

Once a conjoining of metroplex grants and Disney Corporation land to produce a downtown amusement park, steadily declining profits and escalating maintenance costs had stock prices plummeting and the owners looking for buyers. Urban brawl scouts had hoped to grab it for a song, but instead led to a joint Disney/UB buyout of the Seattle interests to form a new venture: The Arena, where everyone can be a brawler! During the season, retrofits and rotating construction create new combat scenarios for matches, while off-season, fans can come and engage in much safer variations on the past year’s most famous scenarios. It’s proven to be successful enough to inject new life into the park.

- Before you even ask: the Arena does not provide an even vaguely adequate education in combat. The “weapons” are RFID paintballs, the armor is ultra-light foam. You might squeeze something out of squad tactics, but your competition is made up of civvies, and security has a habit of scouting actual professionals who demean themselves to play there.

- DangerSensei

- The Chromed Accountant
