---
id: EC-0058
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Eta Engineering
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eta Engineering

Eta is the little waste management corp that has made good on opportunities as they crop up. Once famous for managing to turn the patchwork of contracts in Seattle into a single massive gig, their expansion efforts have paid off big time with Seattle’s sudden independence. Their biofuel and recycling initiatives have picked up steam in a bid to make their city more independent of external needs, something the government is all too keen to pick up on.

- They’ve been parlaying their political cred into protection from the Mob, who have been looking to undermine them for years. Lone Star is giving them extra protection, and they even get special attention from IA to make sure corruption doesn’t lead to sabotage.

- Star Loner

- Earning that cred looks like a pretty big risk/reward expansion. They’ve been heavily expanding the Tacoma facilities and going on a hiring spree with a lot of displaced citizens, particularly from the Downtown arc. More than that, they’ve been adopting smaller companies and giving them greater initiative and dividends to handle the increased workload.

- Mr. Bonds

- They’re also angling politically. They’ve been working for years on cleanup initiatives and pitching programs to detox the plex, and it looks like the SSC has picked up on it. CEO Hanan ZubayrChong has been taking meetings on Council Island, and hasn’t been keeping it secret whatsoever. It’s possible they may look to become a part of treaty discussions, which, considering the SSCs continuing complaints about Seattle runoff poisoning the border, puts Eta in a sweet position. Expect plenty of runs all around.

- Kay St. Irregular
