---
id: EC-0120
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Social Scene
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Social Scene

Nightlife in Bellevue functions a lot like gang life anywhere else. Celebrity tribes run through a circuit of specific clubs, never mixing with rival tribes save for special events such as fashion shows, galas, and even concerts. When the cliques clash, it can often cause problems that resonate for weeks. Because of this, personal security is the top job in the sector. The locals prefer security with flair. Better to have a dangerous-looking runner standing watch than a corporate security goon.

- Bellevue debutantes refer to the local club circuit as “the North Tour,” conjuring up images of the jet-setting Grand Tour that their parents (and eventually they themselves) participate in during the course of the year. Being on that circuit brings hundreds of thousands of nuyen to clubs each season.

- Sunshine

Social positioning is the key here. It is no different than the corporate world, but these people are trying to get one up on their neighbor. Surveillance and B&E jobs are easy to find as a result, but be aware of the additional security.

- Organized crime dips their hands in the social scene as well. The Padulano crime family is especially big in the social circles. The local family boss, Callisto Padulano, was blessed with five girls, all of whom enjoy being debutantes in addition to future mob leaders. The youngest two, Adelaide and Grazia, cast a lifestyle feed with close to 75,000 followers.

- Kia



Work can come from club owners as well. With this much nuyen at stake, the clubs are fighting to downgrade one another and upgrade themselves to suit the needs of a particular set of celebs.
