---
id: EC-0040
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Corporations - Ares Macrotechnology
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corporations

## Ares Macrotechnology

With the pullout of Ares from Detroit and relocation to Atlanta, Ares Prime has had their hands full. But whatever anyone tells you, corporations aren’t people, and they have a nation’s worth of individuals looking our way Seattle has been a sweet spot for Ares for a long time, and whatever happens in the old UCAS or CAS, Ares will likely endure here. It’s nigh-self-sufficient, and their Knight Errant security doesn’t have to hold the metroplex together, just hunker down in Ares Tower. VP Karen King has been running things here for decades and is a pillar of the city. She’s parlaying that in the classic Ares “we’re a community” spin that’s been working for decades.

- Ares knows they aren’t getting the city security contract back any time soon, and it looks like they’re not eager for it. What they are eyeing is all that juicy military tech Seattle is now in possession of. Maybe they want some for themselves, but the real cash is in upkeep and updates. Seattle doesn’t have the UCAS to service and stock their arsenal, and sooner or later, they’re going to need big connections to keep it up to speed. King is laying the groundwork for very sweet payoffs down the line.

- Mr. Bonds

- Kay St Irregular

- And maybe *you* are forgetting: Hitomi doesn’t get on with the family. The marriage was arranged, and while they seem to have ended up a good match, that doesn’t mean she was happy about it. She sabotaged the deal for daddy’s company to rebuild the Japanese Matrix after the second Crash, and that’s crazy money and influence to be had. Worse, she supported Novatech, a gaijin outsider. Shiawase and the JIS may be bosom buddies by blood, but that’s not the same as being real family, and nothing approaching trust.

- Shinda Kogo

- Or Buttercup is pulling the strings. Or maybe Hitomi’s kids aren’t the Emperor’s. Or maybe she’s still lusting after vampire women. Or a Yakuza power struggle. Or it’s the Three Orchids. Or Ryumyo. Or or or. There’s too much to cover here, and a whole lot of bulldrek to sort through, so how about we save it for the inevitable JIS upload before the conspiracy kooks come out to play?

- Snopes

- I won’t lie: We legitimately thought you were talking dirty to us for a second.

- **>** Plan 9

- King has been riding out Ares bulldrek for a long time. There’s a reason Ares Seattle is fully stocked to go independent if the rest of the corp collapsed. To her, it’s a castle, one she is willing to die defending.

- Nightfire
