---
id: EC-0191
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Chief Sealth Lodge
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chief Sealth Lodge

There is no hotter spot on CI than this lodge— mainly because the UCAS got booted from this embassy and Seattle took it over. They weren’t sure if the UCAS would keep an embassy here and didn’t need the trouble it could cause to have “ambassadors” still around. Despite the worry about spies and saboteurs, things have calmed slightly, but the departure of the UCAS staff was fast and dirty and not everything they were supposed to dispose of or destroy got nixed in time. Now, Seattle is moving in and discovering tons of little hidden nooks and crannies with data chips, hidden nodes, hidden drives, and genuine paper copies of some sensitive stuff. Runners are getting sent in by both sides. Seattle wants fresh eyes and innovative thinkers to get the data, and it lets them keep it in the grey and black market instead of in official records. The UCAS, for their part, wants their data to stay out of anyone else’s hands. The UCAS has data on nations and people around the globe stowed away on this little island fortress.

As for the building and place itself, it’s obviously named for Seattle’s tribal namesake. It serves as the Seattle embassy on the island (which they don’t really use much, but they wanted a reason to stick it to the UCAS), and it acts as a safe haven for Seattleites who may have lost their identification or are in trouble with local law enforcement. Seattle is still going to hand them over, but it gives them a chance to maybe contact legal assistance before the handover.

- This place is absolutely gorgeous, and I don’t know why they left out the nice little tourist museum you can stroll through to get a highly anglicized history of Seattle … oh wait. Yes, I do. Shortly after the switch, while this place was in turmoil, terrorists fire-bombed the little museum. It’s currently blocked off for construction, but word is the NAN and Seattle are in talks about how it should be rebuilt, and I have a feeling Seattle is going to have to go with the more truthful Native reflection.

- Lyran

- The UCAS is pissed about that, and several former Seattle representatives are wealthy enough to hire people who could cause trouble. Look for a gig!

- Fianchetto
