---
id: EC-0439
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "The Rat\u2019s Nest"
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Rat’s Nest

Just north of the Snoqualmie River, you’ll find the North Seattle Refuse and Reclamation Center, the pretty name for a multi-kilometer landfill brushing butts with the SSC border. The Salish aren’t too keen on the pollution leaching into their sovereign soil, but as with everything else, Seattle tends to shuffle anything Redmond-related into the background. Here, over a thousand _gomi-nezumi_ comb the leftovers for anything of value, which usually makes its way to the Bargain Basement, or into Yakuza hands for the surprisingly juicy finds.

- Of course, nothing’s stopping them from selling to someone who comes directly to them. You have to make it worth their while, and they’ve gotten canny as fuck about what has value, but you’d be amazed at what people throw away.

- Borderline

- The area’s population has swollen since the influx of the displaced, so you can expect to find a lot of desperate, scared people. That makes for unexpected danger.

- Technicly Pyro

- Don’t think the expanding poison on the border can be ignored for much longer. The importance of the SSC to Seattle has never been higher, and that means they can call in some more favors at the treaty tables. I doubt it’ll go over well with the sometimes-toxic Rat shamans who lurk here, but securing the border means you can expect cleanup soon, of the Star variety.

- Lyran

- Avoid the astral, here. The despair and waste make its toxicity second only to Glow City.

- Ethernaut
