---
id: EC-0381
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Neon K City
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Neon K City

Neon K City was once the town of Electron. It had a boom year of building a coal-fired plant along with the large hydroelectric plant, supplying power to the greater part of Seattle. Then Mt. Rainier erupted in 2017. A massive mudflow clogged the reservoir and flooded the plant. Like at Hell’s Kitchen, the town of Electron tried geothermal generators, and like Hell’s Kitchen the companies went bankrupt. The town refused to die, however. They invested time and effort in keeping the generators going, which got them time to retrench the plant, adapting to the new path of the river. In the late 2030s, Electron had an influx of refugees and cheap labor that in turn attracted more criminal elements. The town’s name changed from Electron to Neon Killing, as the city boasted their controlof electricity with neon signs everywhere. Even to the edge of town, they had powered streetlamps to lure anyone passing by. Neon attracted deckers, as it was one of the only places in Puyallup with a strong Matrix connection. While the full name of the town is Neon Killing, that name fell out of favor with the locals, who shortened it to Neon City or Neon K; there’s still a large green neon K that can be seen from downtown. Vivid displays of vices and entertainment are available for a small price. The dangerous part of Neon K City is where they tell you, “Don’t worry about money, you can work off your debt. There’s plenty of jobs.” And then you’re in debt to the Yakuza, the Mob, or Mr. Salvadore.

- Neon K didn’t have a good year, with Nishidon-gumi falling apart during the mob wars. The K is the only legacy remaining. The Yakuza and Mob have parts of Neon K, but the true owner is Angelo Salvadore, the engineer who got all the plants running. Without him, they’d all be sitting in the dark.

- Tarlan
