---
id: EC-0302
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Colonel Wendell X. Buckner - C.O. Metroplex Guard
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Colonel Wendell X. Buckner

## C.O. Metroplex Guard

Hailing from a wealthy Seattle family, Buckner is an old campaign contributor and associate of former Seattle Governor Kenneth Brackhaven. Having attended several private and corporate-sponsored schools through his life, Buckner developed a taste for the military lifestyle yet disdained the actual military life. As such, he used his connections to buy his commission with the old Metroplex Guard. When the SMAF was being formed, Buckner was at the forefront of the Metroplex Guard movement, with eyes on becoming the overall military commanding officer in Seattle. When that fell through, he and his supporters accepted the compromise, but rumors suggest that Buckner still has designs on Seattle’s top military post.

Overall, Buckner has adequate if not spectacular skills, largely because of the small amount of delta-grade augmentations he possesses. However, Buckner tends to overestimate not only his skill but also his importance, an attitude that others in the Guard are quick to latch on to and which everyone else seems to resent him for. He especially considers General Causey a personal rival and is actively working to have the general replaced.

- No surprise but Buckner is also a bully and elitist. He has no problem in challenging others in a controlled or training environment; especially when he can show off his delta-grade ’ware or push around grunts or boots. But get him into anything approaching a real combat situation where he has to face a real or semi-competent opponent, and he tends to freeze.

- Picador
