---
id: EC-0541
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Garrett West
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Garrett West

Everyone in Snohomish knows good ol’ Garrett West. He’s the head of the Snohomish chapter of

the Humanis Policlub. I know many people seem to think of Humanis as an anti-meta organization, but it’s not about harming metahumans; it’s about offering support to humans. It started as a way to help many deal with the struggles of losing jobs to metahuman replacements or learning tolerance in the face of hate. Now it offers a place for humans to come together and support one another in a judgement-free zone. As G-West is often heard saying, “Humanis is helping us make a new, inspiring Snohomish.”

Food drives, work training, and charity events, such as car washes, are just the tip of the iceberg for what Humanis, in particular Humanis under West’s leadership, has planned for Snohomish. What we see them doing is a small fraction of the work and efforts they put forth to make our district safe for everyone. Support groups are held regularly, and community outreach activities happen all around Snohomish. Garrett is a huge proponent of keeping Snohomish feeling like a small town even inside this large metroplex, and his efforts with Humanis are a big part of that friendly small-town feel.

He’s important here because he knows the ins and outs of the shadow community as well. He’s been working with shadowrunners for almost three decades as a fixer, a Mr. Johnson, and now a leader. He often needs the help of shadow assets when corporate interests are not listening or aligning with the Humanis model of Snohomish. The work is generally low-key and often involves intimidation or gathering evidence on illicit activities in order to convince corporate executives and farm managers that the Snohomish way is the right way.

If you’re working in the shadows of Snohomish, West is a great connection to learn the ins and outs of the community, what local events are occurring near potential job sites, where the local corps sit currently on his personal list of problem children, and who is currently in a protected status, as well as scads of data on the important people of the district. While the population of Snohomish may be over a hundred thousand, Garrett West seems to be friends with almost every single one of them.

- Every single human. He’s persona non grata among the metahumans. No surprise. He’s sugary sweet to your face—the type who’ll drown you in syrup if you cross him. And just having pointy ears has you heading to his wrong side right out of the gate.

- Bull

- West is also connected to the Human Nation. According to the street, they’re an anti-meta, anti-magic hate group considered nothing more than a conspiracy theory by most. The group supposedly consists of genocidal sociopaths bent on removing the aberrations of metahumanity and magic. Sadly, the group is real, and so is their goal. They have been known to occasionally

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

ALLIESuse a softer touch through medical and social genocide instead of outright mass homicide. Most think they are just militarized Humanis, but Humanis has plenty of militant thugs who start trouble at protests or get in fights. The Human Nation are the ones who bomb protests, burn down tenements, and firebomb pro-metahuman offices. They’re not beyond assassinations, and subtlety is rare among their ranks.

- Thorn

- They can be subtle. In fact, you can still see a bit of their subtlety here in Seattle, even after the trouble they had in Denver. The Paladin Group owns hospitals and clinics all over the world. The operation in Denver happened to contain a front for Human Nation that was sterilizing local metahumans. The shadows revealed it to us, but the rest of the world only saw the unrest and violence that occurred with some protests. Several of the doctors who died and were memorialized by Paladin were part of the project. The survivors split from that facility, and at least two of them were moved here. The Avalon Clinic in Maltby is a Paladin Health Group facility that gained Dr. Renee Montalban and Dr. Elaine Fierambras. I don’t know if they’re up to their old tricks, but that facility fits the bill perfectly, as it sits right on the edge of Redmond and tends to service a higherthan-average number of metahumans.

- Butch

- If you’re a meta, stay away from Avalon. Even if you make it out, you won’t be the same. A chummer of mine went in for a gunshot and got patched up but came out with his bloodstream full of nanites.

- Bull
