---
id: EC-0324
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: vashon
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## vashon

**Population:** 40,170 Human: 35% Dwarf: 3% Elf: 44% Ork: 18% Troll: \<1% Other: 1% **Per Capita Income:** 141,000¥ **Corporate-Affiliated Population:** 82% **Hospitals and Clinics:** 1 **Average Security Rating:** Platinum

stars, and other varieties of pretty people than anywhere else in the sprawl. Or at least, it’s “home” in the terms of their primary residence in order to say they are Vashonites (“Vashonistas” as a slight). They’ve got houses in plenty of other locations, of course.

That collection of pretty power pervades the island’s ethos. The beautiful people walk the streets like it’s a catwalk, while those who fawn and serve follow like a parade of sycophants. Outside the public eye, everything shifts to high-security estates and protected grounds in order to gain some privacy. Massive galas and parties are held on the regular and get bigger and bigger throughout the year, until they culminate in a competition to see who can throw the biggest winter and New Year’s bashes.

That’s the thing about Vashon. It’s a dichotomy. A collection of dichotomies. Everyone wants to be seen but also maintain their privacy. Everyone wants to be seen as independent and strong but surrounded by private security. The powers want to maintain the natural beauty of the island, but they still want to develop and grow. Then there’s the ever-present divide of our world: the haves and have-nots. Here, the have-nots try extra hard to look like a have.

Image is the most important thing to almost everyone on Vashon. That desire to be on display makes working on or visiting Vashon harder than one might think. You look suspicious if you aren’t either fashion-forward or gawking at the pretty people—two things most runners are not particularly known for.

When you come for work, know that the security you see is probably less than a quarter of what’s really there. You may see the bodyguard, but there are two others blending into the entourage and others working remote. Plus, the number of ruthenium drone permits on Vashon is outrageous. The pretty people want them to stay hidden to avoid contaminating their image. No one on Vashon wants an ugly drone in their shot. When you see that pair of tin stars in the cruiser, you should keep an eye out for the drones they are running in the area for surveillance.

- Response drones are still usually ugly and armed. They only come out when the shooting starts and dip as soon as the “I was so scared for my life” P2.0 posts start.

- Sunshine

- Also important to remember, those bodyguards are often exspecial operators who may be a little older, but the wires make them just as fast, and they’ve already gained plenty of skill in their life.

- Thorn
