---
id: EC-0608
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Seattle Underground
page: 197
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Seattle Underground

**Size:** 60 square kilometers (official); app. 120 square kilometers (unofficial) **Population:** 86,200 (official); approx. 200,000 (unofficial)

Human: 10% Elf: 2% Dwarf: 17% Ork: 63% Troll: 7% Other: 1%

**Population Density:** 1,436 per square kilometer (official); app. 1,666 per square kilometer (unofficial) **Per-Capita Income:** 23,000¥ **Corporate-Affiliated Population:** 38% **Hospitals and Clinics:** 1 official, many unregistered **Voting Precincts:** 3 **Education:**

Less Than 12 Years: 60%

High School Equivalency: 24% College Equivalency: 12% Advanced Degrees and Certificates: 4% **Average Security Rating:** Copper

- Population has doubled since the last census, but that’s not immigration. Renraku is handing out SINs like candy, and those who want to work in this new district need to take them. The remarkable part is how many fresh Seattle SINs are getting issued. Renraku seemed to have a connection straight from the source, and they were already preset and just waiting for biometrics and personal data. To underline the point: Renraku was eerily ready for independence to happen.

**>** Bull

The gentrified sections of Tourist Highway and the Heart are shifting away from the barter-andblend culture of the former Ork Underground and moving to look like much of the city above, with the exception of the fact that looking up doesn’t see the sky. (Who likes the grey skies of Seattle anyway?) The main stretches are getting heavily lit, cleaned up, and patrolled by Lone Star, and the new construction looks less like makeshift DIY and more like an authentic architectural style, called “pum-modern.” This look blends some classic style elements such as fluted columns with modern style aspects of steel and glass to provide a reflective yet classic fascia that brightens these subterranean depths thanks to the abundance of reflective surfaces. The name comes from the design source, pumilionis, a.k.a. dwarfs.

- Despite the police patrols that have ramped up, these new pummodern buildings are getting tagged and marred on an almost daily basis. They’re common targets for gang initiations or tests.

- **>** Stone

Outside the tourist- and newcomer-ridden Heart, you slide into what most down here still refer to as the Ork Underground. This is where the real heart of the underground still beats. Here you can still barter based on trust and everyone understands what brotherhood truly means. Outsiders are quickly ousted or indoctrinated (usually with a nice, friendly beatdown) in order to make them feel welcome. The air is occasionally stale and musty, but it’s always cool, and construction is still DIY, usually with cast-offs and scraps from above. Those cast-offs are also a key part of life down here. The repair-and-return mentality that was once vital to the Underground was replaced in tourist country with spend-and-toss thinking. The tossed stuff comes here and locals fix it, take it up top to the Biz for sale, or sell it among their own. Lone Star doesn’t come down this far unless they have a real good reason and a real big force, so the only law you have to worry about (or rely on) is your own, or that of the local gangs.

- Truthfully, the flavor of the Ork Underground just went deeper, while the top levels got a coat of paint and some police patrols. If you could handle the OU before, you can handle it here. The only real struggle is that stale air. With the population and the poor ventilation, this place becomes an asphyxiation hazard at times.

- **>** 0rkCE0

In the furthest depths of the Underground, you find what locals call the Feral Underground. This place has a simple vibe—enter at your own risk. It got a bit of a numbers boost recently when the population spiked as ghouls who were holding their minds together suddenly snapped. Many came here, others were hunted, and some were put down like rabid animals when they went crazy on the surface. Other things live down here, too. The exact population of this section is anyone’s guess, as there are maybe twenty valid SINs in the whole place.

Beyond, beneath, and beside these places is where you’ll find the Depths. These are pockets and places that have more recently been accessed, mostly by a certain water wyrm. No formal residents live here, but several spirits and other servants of the Sea Dragon are studying and exploring them. The alchera are the hottest spots to check out, though rumors of a subterranean city/settlement that was not part of an alchera are gaining traction. Security here is lack of easy access, wild alchera, unstable tunnels, and pockets of poisonous gases pooling in the deep. Lone Star never comes here. If they think someone really important is down here, they hire runners to find them.

- The Depths are the places where the scary stories start, and we can all thank the Sea Dragon for digging this out deeper and longer. In the past year, the span and stretch of the



Underground has grown by at least ten percent and probably closer to fifty percent. She’s helping add tunnels up high to get help taking a look at the tunnels down low! She pays well, but she pays on return!

**>** Lothan the Wise

**>** Not always. She makes payments up front, but you can pretty much guarantee you’re being sent to your death and that money is meant for someone or something else.

**>** Ire

**>** Whispers about Dis and other metaplanes are all over the place with these alchera. Not a place I would ever want to go or beings I want to see meddling in our world.

**>** Lyran
