---
id: EC-0103
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Oni Gumi
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Oni Gumi

As radical as the Shigeda are traditional, the Oni gumi operates out of Summer but extends tendrils into any metahuman community it can find. Toshiro Hideo runs this gang, and he’s actively recruited orks like himself, creating himself a small empire that’s related to, but not subservient to, the Shigeda. A “Neo-Yakuza” style, they don’t give two shakes about honor, just money, and are deeply involved in the BTL and drug trade. The other Yaks in the area might hold their nose when they take their money, but they take it all the same as long as they only sell their ’wares in “untouchable” metahuman communities. Of course, there are tons of customers who drive in from other areas, get the goods, and drive home. Spreading the problem, but for now, it stays under control.

Hideo’s big problem is that he has terribly low standards and recruits from metahuman gangs who tend to bring old rivalries with them, resulting in fights against gangs, or even his own people turning on one another since, again, ties run deep and, by choosing people who want to make money fast over any sort of honorable code, they just can’t trust one another enough to be as organized as they need. (That most of his people have a drug or BTL problem doesn’t help.) Can he turn things around and become a major player in the district? We’ll have to watch and find out.

- Yeah, he’s a problem, but he brings money into the community, he’s a stabilizing force, and the areas he commands do have legitimate protection and a way out of poverty for the orks and trolls who sign up. I’m not saying he’s a good guy, but I’m saying that you could do worse.

- Lyran

- Lyran
