---
id: EC-0530
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: snohomish
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## snohomish

**Size:** 217 square kilometers **Population:** 121,000

Human: 91% Dwarf: 1% Elf: 4% Ork: 3% Troll: \<1% Other: \<1% **Population Density:** 558 per square kilometer **Per Capita Income:** 35,000¥ **Corporate-Affiliated Population:** 72% **Hospitals and Clinics:** 8 Voting Precincts: 2 **Education:**

Less Than 12 Years: 21% High School Equivalency: 56% College Equivalency: 19% Advanced Degrees and Certificates: 4% **Average Security Rating:** Silver

- I’m beyond astonished that anyone can look at that demo spread and not just scream.

- /dev/grrl

- It’s easy. I hate wasting air and energy on screaming when I can contract job after job with a “collateral damage is acceptable” clause and always make sure my team is “properly proportioned.”

- The Lone Star precincts here are regularly investigated for their practices, but nothing ever sticks. In fact, most of the data never makes it anywhere as shadowrunners get some sweet insider milk runs here.

- Hard Exit

- The tension between the Everett and Snohomish precincts is palpable. Higher-ups ensure they get along and do their job, but Sagnon up north is no doubt keeping a collection of the erroneous actions.

- LSPD

Thanks to all of this vigilance, Snohomish has the lowest violent crime rate in Seattle, the greatest sense of community, the cleanest streets, the happiest citizens, and the best attitudes! Every citizen of Snohomish knows they are protected and knows their fellow Snohomishites will watch out for them.

When you come to Snohomish, you get a chance to see the vast green fields of fertile earth. You can meander through the quiet streets in safety and spend your free time strolling the antique shops in the heart of Snohomish. The namesake town is not the only peaceful parcel of real estate. Here in Snohomish, we take care of everyone, everywhere. Be sure to keep your ident broadcast whenever you’re in town in order to stay in compliance with the local ordinances.

- Bull

- All thicc trolls, all night long!

- 2XL

are constantly wary and ever vigilant in their efforts to keep their neighbors safe and their communities protected. By making sure that unsavory elements from Redmond stay where they belong we keep our streets clean and free of gangs, petty criminals, and SINless trash. We keep a keen eye out for Native elements threatening our borders now that we no longer have the protection of the UCAS or the Treaty of Denver.

- He’s not lying. Snohomish does not have any prolific street gangs or go-gangs, but they don’t need them. They have at least two groups that fit the bill just fine. The Humanis Policlub is no better than a street gang here—they just get to operate with the full support of the locals. And the local go-gang is none other than Lone Star—in particular, their motorcycle patrol units. These thugs roll up and down the streets of Snohomish on souped-up combat bikes painted in the traditional blue and gold but carrying very little traditional hardware. Plenty of illegal operations are run by and protected by the Snohomish Star. And, to make this even better, the overlap of Lone Star and Humanis membership here in Snohomish is almost one hundred percent.

- 2XL

- This is no joke. Locals have a perpetual ident broadcast, and most use it as a sort of social status symbol. Anyone who isn’t broadcasting their ident offers the local Star an excuse to stop and question them. Even if you are broadcasting, it’s a common occurrence to have your commlink suddenly stop working when they feel the need to have a conversation. Shady.

- Black Knight

For those looking to find a quiet place to settle down, look no further than the quiet cul-de-sacs and eco-friendly enclaves offered by local agri-biz icons Ingersoll-Berkeley, Aqua Arcana, and NatVat. Each of the carefully crafted corporate cooperatives provides a unique reflection of beauty and a pristine natural environment built to blend with the surrounding production facilities.

We here in Snohomish know this level of peace thanks to the fine men and women who serve with pride in our local Lone Star precincts. With our keen eyes and unwavering devotion to the safety and security of our district, we make sure Lone Star can respond quickly to ensure unsavory types aren’t strolling our sacred streets. Thanks to our support and our ability to help them save nuyen on surveillance and monitoring, our precincts have some of the best equipment and training around, and they are a unified force of one mind when it comes to dealing with criminal types of all shapes and sizes.



- It’s not just cars, motorcycles, and body armor but cyber, bio, and weapons. Very few Snohomish Stars aren’t augmented, and they all carry top-of-the-line weapons with all the bells and whistles. If you don’t see it on their hip, you’ll find it in the trunk of their patrol car.

- Black Knight

- They have a lot of drones as well, many of which are tricked out. Snohomish may look like the quiet breadbasket of Seattle, but it’s got some tech hiding from prying eyes.

- Sounder

Please come on over to Snohomish and enjoy a little break from the hustle and bustle of urban Seattle life. A week, weekend, or even just a night in the country is certainly something you will never forget.
