---
id: EC-0618
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Sea Dragon
page: 204
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Sea Dragon

She’s gotten gigapulses of data piled up on her lately and most people feel just as confused as they did before they knew a thing. That’s the struggle with writing more here. I don’t know if it clears things up or adds to the confusion. To help as best I can, I’ll avoid any speculation and just offer the three facts I know.

First is her search, and discovery, of the deep city. It wasn’t much of an actual search. She must have known where it was because her efforts weren’t scattered about the Underground. She knew what to buy and where to dig. It didn’t take long to locate, and once she did, she moved in asmall force of her people. She has food and water brought down to them rather than moving people back and forth. She’s bringing down arcane and astral experts who aren’t talking when they come back, and several have not come back at all.

Secondly, she’s employing cast-offs and corporate refusers in droves. She’s building loyalty through coin and hard work without some specific corporate dogma you need to follow. She’s got a diverse following, but her open offer is inundating her ranks with spies. Her ranks are acting as couriers, guards, and laborers while being paid better than any corp would offer these subterranean cast-offs.

Even with two big powers being down here, The Sea Dragon is avoiding turning it into a warzone. She’s not opposing Renraku directly but is instead playing against their game in parallel. She knows direct conflict will only cost lives and livelihood to the people of the Underground, so rather than going head-to-head with Renraku, she races and competes for any resources they both desire. She’s winning most of them by ignoring her bottom line. Renraku is still a corporation and still follows the rules of a corporation. Money and return on investment are still important, which is a value the Sea Dragon does not share.

- There are other powers down here. Evo has been down here since before the official districting, and they’ve still got quite a bit of clout and favors owed them. Nothing on the level of the two major players, but you can expect plenty of work as they play the quiet scavenger.

- Netcat

- Evo’s put a lot of efforts elsewhere and the assets they pulled from the Ork Underground to go work on other projects are always keeping track of goings on at home. I’ve seen a number of them coming back since Prop 23 passed, and they’re not keen on the new management or the influx of disgruntled and greedy dwarfs. Work aplenty and Evo resources to boot.

- Ire

- Since we’re talking corps, we should mention Fungitech. Before Renraku rolled in, they were the largest employer down here. They lost quite a few workers to the new Renraku SINs, and they’ve been pushing back via the shadows. They spent a lot of time being on the other side of shadow ops as the target of other agribiz giants, and they’re using what they learned to fight their own battles. They still have plenty of support, as the Underground still benefits greatly from the products of their fungus farms.

- OrkCEO

- Wuxing is quietly amassing information on that deep city. Many of us have read the rumors of a “Vault of Lore” from a bygone age (and laughed). They’re apparently looking to the city as its location.

- Lyran
