---
id: EC-0617
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies Renraku
page: 204
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies Renraku

Renraku is making a killing down here. Those contracts they took that looked like they were getting screwed? Nope. Big money all over thanks to the new Seattle government and that little funding boost from the Sea Dragon. This is not making other corps happy, and the government is slightly distressed at their methods. Renraku sifts through citizenship applications for the Underground to find new skilled employees, then uses the rest as pawns in the power play to regain their footing in the city. It could not have been coincidence that they were already ready with the new Seattle SINs. It’s as if this was all part of their plan.

Moving forward, many sections of the Underground are going to become filled with Renraku citizens. This means most of them will owe their livelihoods—and for those who drink the kool-aid, their lives—to Renraku. The Underground is looking to become a Renraku company town. Why they want to own this subterranean suburbia, we don’t have good intel on, but it can’t be good.

- Money. That’s what it’s about. The Underground is an untapped resource of manpower. That’s not even considering the physical material they are pulling up with all these excavations.

- Stone

- All that mined scad isn’t going out smoothly. The Sea Dragon is also pulling resources, and neither is letting the other get the goods out with ease. Jobs for hitting loads coming up occur on the regular. Good money for us but it seems like a nickel and dime fight for those two powerhouses.

- Glitch

- It’s part image and part hiding more valuable resources being moved. They send a hundred small shipments, and one will hold something special. What that special is could vary. Extraplanar, artifact, uncut gems, you name it, it could be coming up.

- Rigger X
