---
id: EC-0584
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Crime Report
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crime Report

For fifty years, the crime scene in Tacoma’s been dominated by the Yakuza. The Mafia slept through the beginnings of the Yakuza buy-in, waking up far too late to fight on equal terms. They were quickly pushed out of their strongholds and have fought a losing battle ever since. For decades, the Mafia had the advantage of having so few interests in the region that they could freely engage in bombings and arson, but the lack of profit in this eventually ran them dry. These days, the mob has given up even this bitter burnback, quietly conceding that the war was lost before it ever began. The last vestige of Mafia strength is the elderly grandfather of the city’s boss, Tony Gianelli, living out his last few years puttering about a pizza parlor. An age of peace and prosperity has followed the unofficial truce, elevating Tacoma’s value in the eyes of the city. The question now is this: Is this the calm before the storm, or is this the start of a new era?

- Tacoma’s had the lowest crime rate in the entire sprawl for five years straight. People go out on walks at night and feel safe. It’s weird.

- Netcat

- That’s largely the work of the Yakuza. They’re criminals, but they only prey on willing victims, not innocents. They actively police their territory to keep out muggers, thieves, and troublemakers, and they deal with this sort of thing in ways that the police can’t.

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Baka Dabora

- Or he simply feels that he needs to assert dominance.

- Slamm-0!

  - How is someone willing to be a victim of crime?!

  - /dev/grrl

- Nah, he does that by pissing on KE (and now Lone Star) cruisers.

- Sounder

Gage isn’t the most social of orks; he’s frequently known to growl at people he hates. He disdains and avoids most technology and prefers a more simple life of dealing with and helping critters, frequenting dive bars, and eating at diners. A hard one to warm up to initially, but once you gain his trust, Gage is a loyal friend to the bitter end. The only people he truly hates with a fiery passion are animal abusers. More than once, the local law has had to save an abuser from Gage’s bulldogged (pun intended) wrath.

- Gage is solid, if a bit odd at times. Not only has he helped a lot of critters, but he’s also made a lot of friends by finding homes for some of the bundles of fluff he finds when he can’t take care of them himself. This and his work have made him a lot of friends and contacts all over the metroplex—including me.

- Bull

- If you want to gamble, you know you’re dealing with an illegal activity. Same with prostitution. BTL buyers seek out dealers and ask for chips. The Yakuza provide these services, as well as more honest ones, like legal services, financial loans, and construction companies. (There’s a housing boom in Tacoma, I’m told.) They don’t prey on the innocent. It’s as simple as that.

- Baka Dabora

- Keep telling yourself that.

- Marionette
