---
id: EC-0283
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: District Security/ Readiness Stats
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## District Security/ Readiness Stats

Even though the flags and uniforms have changed, Fort Lewis is first and foremost a military instillation. The military personnel and civilian contractors who remain continue to work and live as they did before the UCAS’ departure. And as befitting any military installation, Fort Lewis adheres to strict protocol and doctrine when it comes to access control and security, especially for visitors (particularly unwelcome ones). As such, primary responsibility for all law enforcement and security duties within the district falls to the Military Police forces.

- For the time being. There are some arguments and back-channel negotiations going on between the Seattle government and multiple security providers to perhaps open up Fort Lewis to private firms while the military police jurisdiction shrinks to “specific military locations.”

- LSPD

- The CO of the SMAF, General Charles Causey, has repeatedly said how much of a “stupid fragging idea” that is, and he continues to fight against security privatization. He still considers the entire district a military facility, and for now, he’s winning that fight through sheer force of will. But like any military officer, he still ultimately answers to the civilian authority. Just don’t expect him to be quiet about it.

- Kraken

Despite their diminished numbers, the Military Police continue to be a potent law enforcement/security force within the district. This is due in large part to new response protocols combined with an extensive security infrastructure that remained intact when the UCAS pulled out; weapons and gear took priority over security systems that would have been difficult to remove.

Primary access points along I-5 are still manned and adhere to the same strict entry/exit protocols as before and are augmented by SOTA security scanners and systems. Perimeter walls and internal patrols are primarily handled by drones or other biological assets, but they are backed up by highly trained MP rapid-response squads operating out of substations strategically located throughout the district. If an intruder is detected, all security operations and responses are coordinated by security spiders operating out of the SEATCOM building.

Because the SMAF has adopted a defensive-only doctrine (for the time being), current SOP also calls for all combat units currently stationed to complete rotations as rapid-response forces. This has the added benefit of giving combat troops cross-training in law-enforcement, first responder, and criminal investigation skills without diminishing their combat readiness.



- Gotta give the grunts something to do. So don’t be surprised if armored infantry troopers or SF operators show up with the MPs if you decide to do any biz in Fort Lewis.

- Hard Exit

- Great. Instead of patrol cars, we’re gonna have to deal with tanks?

- X-Prime

- No, that would be overkill and frankly stupid. It puts valuable hardware at risk (I know what some of you are capable of) for relatively little gain. Expect maybe a few re-purposed APCs, but more likely mil-spec armored infantry will be deployed with MPs in armored vans/SUVs depending on the perceived threat level. It’s the Metroplex Guards that you may really need to worry about; they’re the ones who seem to have itchy trigger fingers for their new big guns.

- Kraken

- And as a side note, unlike most other security providers in the Metroplex, the MPs’ average response time is typically less than three minutes.

On paper, the Metroplex Guard is tasked with providing “front-line security and home defense” in case of attack or civil unrest. They see themselves as the vanguard in any major military action or crisis—a combination of defense force, emergency responders, and ranger battalion. As such, they’ve used their power and influence to obtain a large portion of the top-tier equipment left behind by the UCAS. In reality, the Guard is nothing more than a re-tread of the old one, a bunch of self-important types in love with the idea of playing soldier.

This attitude has already produced considerable friction with other units, especially with contracted mercenaries who the Guard regards as nothing more than expendable assets (a.k.a. cannon fodder). SMAF command is also constantly butting heads with the Guard COs over every strategic, tactical, doctrinal, and logistical issue imaginable.

- Wannabe troopers with SOTA gear and weapons along with a superiority complex. What could possibly go wrong?

- Slamm-0!

- DangerSensei

- My question is: What’s a “biological asset,” and should I be worried?

- Mika

- Short answers: it varies, and **extremely** .

- Kraken

- I can confirm some of them are enhanced K-9s that are rather nasty, but I’ve also seen some things there I’ve yet to identify, and I’m not sure I want to.

- Ecotrope

- Don’t forget the air defenses, either. Aside from the ready-alert aircraft at McChord Airfield, the AAF has set up a very tight antiaircraft net and is currently constructing covert auxiliary drone deployment sites—not just within Fort Lewis, but throughout the metroplex.

  - There are also rumors that the Guard is looking to settle old scores in the Underground, talks of “training operations” and the like down there. Don’t these dip-frags ever learn?

  - Bull

  - It’s not just the other troops that the Guard is slotting off. I’ve seen Guardsmen trying to throw their weight around with the local Star to the point where a couple of Guards almost got shot. Not sure who I’d root for in that fight.

  - Sounder

  - Don’t be surprised when the first time the drek hits the fan and the rest of Seattle lets these fraggers fry.

  - Stone

  - Yeah, but how much damage is gonna be done before that happens?

  - Netcat

- Turbo Bunny
