---
id: EC-0407
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Capo Alexander Gianelli
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Capo Alexander Gianelli

While Galluci manages the northern part of Puyallup District, Alexander runs the south side. It’s a bit of a difficult position, since most places are controlled by Yakuza, and the money-maker is sanitation/garbage pickup. His made men are often in conflict with surrounding rivals as the Gianellis try to make headway into the western smuggling route. Alexander has organized a mixed group of Awakened, hackers, and metahumans to be flexible in their local operations.

- Alexander is very envious of Frankie. It should have been him at Enzo’s right hand, as they are kin. While Alexander will take orders from Enzo, he’s not keen on any that are relayed or dictated by Frankie.

- Ethernaut


neighborhoods, jumping mud geysers near Hell’s Kitchen, even racing in tunnels in Carbonado. That changed when the Black Rains fell on her. They didn’t like her winning something they had tried to rig. So they crushed her legs and her bike. Now, as leader of the Quick Slivers, she has a deep yearning for vengeance whenever the Quick Slivers cross paths with Black Rains. That goes for the Blue Dragons as well. Her skills with a blade and a bike have made her extremely dangerous, and while the sottocapo has ordered her to keep clear of Meeker Park, she and her gang still have carte blanche outside of Puyallup city.
