---
id: EC-0154
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Jonathan Blake
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jonathan Blake

Blake appeared out of nowhere in the wake of Dunkelzahn’s will. The more history is uncovered about the man, the more it looks like a fabrication. Supposedly he was born in Puyallup, raised in Bellevue by a single mother, and maintains a familial mansion out by the Bishop’s Curse, complete with his own private security. In addition to being mayor, he is the CEO of Centurion, an A-level mega whose operations are primarily split between the NEEC and UCAS. Blake spends two weeks out of the month in Bellevue, using the time to be seen among the elite spending money and building community. Like his time, his concerns are split between fending off challenges from chief corporate rivals Maersk and CatCo, trying to build his utopian society, and making sure nobody is messing up what he made.

- Blake’s hands-on approach to the city revolves around recruiting the right people and finding creative ways to remove ones who dim the aura of what the Belle is supposed to represent. He’s been known to use shadowrunners in order to find creative ways to get rid of people who don’t fit his idea of what a Bellevue resident should look like.

- Kia

- Let’s not forget Blake’s colorful history working both for and eventually against Lofwyr. His ownership of Centurion came as part of a severance package from S-K in the wake of Dunkelzahn’s will. The fact that he’s still breathing suggests he’s either smarter than we all think or he never stopped working for the dragon at all.

- Kai-lin

- He also has been spotted in the recent months with Miles Lanier, so who knows what his next steps are.
