---
id: EC-0536
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Blackstone\u2019s - Museum and Zoo"
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blackstone’s

## Museum and Zoo

This privately owned attraction is a highlight of any visit to Snohomish. Fun for children and adults alike, this small zoological park and museum showcases some of the most interesting specimens of mundane and paranormal species. The majority of the mundane species exist with a certain level of freedom to wander the grounds and interact with guests. The paranormal species tend to be a bit too dangerous to allow the same freeSNOHOMISHdoms, but their habitats are kept as close to their natural environs as Blackstone’s staff can manage.

Contracted hunters are paid well by Blackstone’s to bring in specimens from all over the world. A small veterinary team is available to assist with capture and transport, and Blackstone’s legal staff can help ensure that the required paperwork is done properly. If you’re interested (and your licenses are in order), you can make easy money grabbing freakish beasts from exotic places.

- The paranormal animals here are kept in “natural” habitats? Ha! Natural according to the books that these brainwashed human kids read. If the locals had their way, one of the habitats would look like a rundown tenement, and they’d fill it with orks in ganger leathers.

- Ecotope

- Jobs for Blackstone are good gigs, but delivery is always questionable if you have any metas on your team. Usually they’ll do a pickup down in Tacoma for legitimate deliveries, but border runs are mostly taken up the river and dropped via LAV or hovercraft.

- Lyran

- Blackstone’s doesn’t limit themselves to display critters, either. They contract quietly with the Coliseum to bring in nasty critters to fight. The pay is often a lot better for these, but the paperwork is usually nonexistent, and the targets are definitely harder to bring down.

- 2XL


and works to mitigate or maximize their successes depending on their tilt. He uses runners to break up other jobs, hires runners to run interference, looks for weaknesses on teams, offers connections to arcane resources, and just generally keeps himself nosey enough that Seattle runners, in particular shamans, want him on their contact list.
