---
id: EC-0254
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Jobs
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jobs

The largest employer in Everett had remained Federated-Boeing for nearly a hundred years, andthat really hasn’t changed, but everything below them has. With the new uptick in construction and infrastructural improvements, construction is the new number two (for now), with Shiawase, Maersk, Yamatetsu NT, ILWU #22 and CityScapes reporting a total of 79,352 employees and staff now designated as “the Labor Collective.” The Carpenters Local #562 has seen a sizable uptick in its own membership rosters as well and is helping to serve as coordinators for teams involved with inland projects.

- ILWU has several Mafia soldatos working together within it. Not enough to run the union, but sometimes it seems like it.

- **>** Dockhand #204

Everett has also had more than its share of hospitals and clinical services for its size. There are also a significant number of body improvement clinics, with Bicson and Evo holding the number one and two spots respectively in the district, followed bu Body+ and NewU. The surge of jobs has also meant a greater demand for various body mods that impact endurance and organ health. Limb replacements are also on the rise, because yes, accidents happen. All told, the medical services come in at number five in jobs behind Everett Naval Station in percentage. Entertainment comes in at a close number six with medical, especially after prostitution was legalized in ’78 and joined forces with multimedia agencies in Seattle, forming the Callers and Walkers Union.

- With all the racism embedded in Snohomish, most metahumans who can afford it come to Everett for their medical and job prospects. That’s help fill the renovating neighborhoods.

- **>** Khan-A-Saur
