---
id: EC-0291
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Bilko Sites
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bilko Sites

Contraband and other illegal items procured by the various Bilkos at Fort Lewis don’t just appear out of nowhere, they have to be safely secured and hidden from their commanding officers, the authorities, and everyone else who wants them. These locations have been designated by SMAF Intelligence as “Bilko Sites.” They can be anything, from something as simple as a few hidden crates in an often-neglected storeroom to elaborate, multi-room facilities/vaults with modern security and defense measures. Others are mobile in nature, hidden either in cargo containers or in vehicles with smuggling compartments.

The only limitation is the Bilko’s imagination.

On the current data markets, the locations of Bilko Sites or their operators/proprietors have become a hot commodity. This in turn has caused the Bilkos operating them to increase their security, protocols, and procedures as well as being more selective of whom they’re willing to do business with; often with a high degree of paranoia.

- Downside to that is, Bilkos have targets on their heads now. Drek, even paydata relating to Bilkos in Seattle is fetching a decent price, let alone jobs such as extractions for them.

- **>** Icarus

- That’s why most of them take great pains to hide their identities or connections to the shadows. It also helps that they often have an entire military to help protect them (all other associations aside). But also remember, not all these Bilkos are into the current red items and arms trade. The vast majority are still simply scroungers and logisticians who are simply doing a job.

- **>** Picador
