---
id: EC-0535
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Downtown Snohomish
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Downtown Snohomish

No one can legitimately say they have visited our quaint little district without having spent at least a day in its heart. This place is the classic visage of riverfront Americana and one of the few places in Seattle where you can have that experience in its purest form. Quaint shops, homey B&Bs, one-ofa-kind restaurants, historic museums, and relaxing riverfront spas touch every aspect of your soul. Downtown Snohomish is the definition of home.

The feel of Snohomish permeates the streets as the sun sets and the romantic history of riverside America comes to life. The splash of fish in the river, the subtle yellow glow of the riverside lamps surrounded by tiny flying insects, and the soft hum that only a riverborn Snohomishite can truly explain. The gentle smiles of your fellow strollers. The polite nod as you pass by that says “I see you” to your fellow human. The gentle chuckle that carries on the wind and draws you in to the local pubs

for some succulent seared salmon over a thin layer of locally grown wild rice or a river-cooled ale brewed entirely from locally sourced ingredients.

When you’re in the heart of Snohomish, you won’t have to worry about sideways glances or worrisome predators. The heart of the city is kept safe and clean by the proud officers in blue and gold. The local Lone Star precinct even adds to the small-town flair with uniforms specific to the Downtown Snohomish police. A touch of the past in modern materials, but the best part is, no need for that bulky, cumbersome, and unsightly armor of the barrens. Here, we protect each other with diligence and leave no need for ceramic plates or ballistic shields big enough to stop a troll’s fist. We stop the trouble, before the trouble even starts.

Please come on down to Downtown Snohomish. Remember, a day is the minimum stay, but be warned, after two you might want to move here.

- He’s right, but also so very wrong. Downtown Snohomish is the “humanest” place I have ever seen. Wall-to-wall and floorto-ceiling. From those I’ve talked to, visitors of any other persuasion they are primarily stopped outside of town and redirected. If they make it in, they’re politely asked to stay in their vehicles with their windows on max black. If they refuse, they’re politely detained until it appears they are making any form of threatening gesture, such as speaking, and then they’re swiftly and violently arrested. If the situation escalates, the local Star escalates even faster. Swarms of drones and spirits come crashing down like a ton of bricks. It’s ugly, but if you’re smart, you did your research, knew to lie low, and you’re the one dumping hateful d-bag bodies in the Snohomish River instead of the other way around.

- Stone

- I prefer to feed them to the ghouls down in Redmond and bring them there alive for maximum effect. But to keep this comment relevant, I’d like to remind anyone visiting that this mainly works because Downtown Snohomish is almost in Everett. In fact, several chunks of the city of Snohomish are actually in the district of Everett. The nice stretch of rural around it is what makes this little Human Nation bastion even possible, but it also helps that Everett has its fair share of racial inequality as well.

- **>** Butch
