---
id: EC-0168
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Vibe
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vibe

Council Island is the place to go if you like everyone to smile in your face while plotting the demise of your nation in their mind. All of this in a beautiful back-to-nature setting—at least in the urban bits up north. The rest of the island is a place to find the peacefulness of pristine nature in the heart of urban madness. Something about the earthworks and species of trees that were chosen prevents the noise and light pollution of the rest of the metro from reaching the heart of the island. The shorelines tend to still catch a little city noise, but the waters of Lake Washington lapping on the stony shores blend to keep that peaceful serenity on the island.

Even the urban patch up north is still built to keep the natural feel, so I guess that’s the overall vibe of this place. Harmony with nature. It’s actually kind of fitting for the politics that go on here

- The astral plane is the real beauty here. Nature in all its glory.

- OriginalCasCrow

CI stays remote in the heart of the city by being tough to reach. Sure, it’s just right there in the middle of the lake and a major highway runs through the north tip, but that highway is heavily monitored and XGuide is extra secure on that strip. Manual controls are scrutinized to the nth degree, and any course deviations are tagged and back tracked. The ferry is a similar tale. They face scan everyone who comes on and connect SINs to all the tickets. They also track arrival and departure. If you come in on the ferry, you’ll be expected to check back out if you leave, no matter what means you use. Anyone who fails to do this is tagged. If they have other risk factors, expect work for local runners to track them down on or off island. If nothing extra shady comes up from their SIN, they’re just put on a list and never allowed to return.



The shoreline has been in a push-pull relationship between nature and commerce (meaning boat slips) for a while but at present the shoreline of CI is ninety percent nature. A lot of the fancy houses and boat docks that used to dot the shore have been removed. Boats coming over can go to the main harbor north of the bridge, or they need to run in on a dinghy or something small they can beach. When they do, they need to hope they don’t get tagged by the drones or hidden surveillance. If they do, local law will be coming to visit. Usually starting with spirits that have a response time of seconds rather than minutes.

Why so secure? Embassies, foreign nationals, and a reputation to protect. CI was a center of espionage and international intrigue in the heart of Seattle well before the metro went nation-state. Now it’s even better, since places that may have avoided being so close to the UCAS are now willing to do all their dirty business here. Add in the changes in Denver, and spies have been bouncing around looking for a city to turn into the next Casablanca. CI sits at the heart of that as a bridge not only between Seattle and the NAN, but a channel for the rest of the world to flow through and journey to Seattle in a less-than-straightforward fashion. Check out my stuff later where I talk about the hotspots for some interesting embassy news.

Security is tight, because every nation and most of the major corps have offices and presences here. Most of the consulates aren’t large, and the attached attachés are mostly just spies, handlers, and data analysts with a little security. They need to follow local rules and limitation on their arms and armor, but CI still has an abundance of armed occupants. If you’re curious—and you should be, to fit in—nothing larger than an SMG is allowed for security personal, and drone support can’t have fully automatic rifles. Spray and pray SMGs are totally fine, but anything bigger is off limits. Fire selection is limited to semi-automatic on the drones and vehicles. If you’re playing security for someone and they don’t tell you that or warn you, you may be getting set up as a diversion. Local authorities simply come and confiscate your weapon or weapons. No return ticket or anything. It’s theirs, and that’s basically the fine for carrying unauthorized arms on the island.

That’s one of the nice things about this island. Laws and rules are simple, and they enforce punishments right off the bat. Get caught with an unauthorized weapon—confiscated. Get caught on the island illegally—arrested and sent off on the next detention ferry with a tagged SIN. This tag usually burns fakes, just so you’re aware. Cause harm to someone on the island, regardless of offense or defense—you catch a beatdown and a trip off the island with that same tagged SIN. Kill someone—you need to get off the island before you’re found. Tolerance is low and magic is heavy in their

quick interrogation/trials. Mind probes and truth spells clarify the case. If you’re a murderer, the sentence is death. If you were defending yourself, the sentence is a trip off the island with a tagged SIN and a “Do Not Return” tag permanently attached to your biometrics.

Oh yeah, and anyone picked up for a crime, gets a full biometric workup. They take it all. Luckily for you, they don’t upload to the GSINR (Global SIN Registry), but it means you’re going to struggle getting back on the island ever, even with a new fake SIN.

Now a little about drones. They aren’t allowed without registration. The island is also a no-fly zone for drones from the mainland and aircraft moving around Seattle. Even if you’re in Bellevue and want to head directly to Downtown, you’ll need to fly around the island. Drones can’t just buzz over and check things out, and the SSC keeps a heavy-enough drone presence of their own circling in the sky above to tag and knock down any interlopers. They don’t issue warnings to drones, and aircraft only get one. The only exceptions to these airspace rules are diplomatic aircraft (and they’re heavily monitored) and medevac services like DocWagon and CrashCart. Though they consider any call for a pickup on the island as HTR, even though they aren’t allowed to fly in any actual HTR backup. Wander too close, and you’ll get the AR warning just before the air spirit begins to materialize inside your cabin.

It all makes for an interesting experience once you’re on the island.

Politically, Council Island is independent of Seattle. Its security force is local and mostly made of Salish Rangers and Eagle Security, meaning Lone Star doesn’t have jurisdiction anywhere but on the grounds of OmniStar’s office, but they maintain an extradition treaty that’s held up through the change. Quirk is, usually extradition consists of a call to the local precinct in Bellevue and a warning they’re about to run a detention ferry over. Pick ’em up or let ’em run, they don’t care, not their problem.

- The detention ferry is a frequent runner target, for good or ill. Sometimes it’s a hit, other times it’s a rescue, but it’s always dangerous. The ferry is run by Eagle Security, and they only have an interest in one thing: protecting their equipment, which includes their staff. The ferry’s transit pod is detachable and can be released while in motion. This means they can dump their cargo if they get attacked. When they do, the pod’s autocuffs are released as the floats inflate, but it leaves everyone on board stranded and a sitting duck.

**>** Sounder

**>** That’s if the autocuffs get released. And those floats often inflate while the pod is upside down, and it doesn’t right itself. It just slowly drowns all the occupants.

- Kane



- That happened once. And it was hacked.

**>** Clockwork
