---
id: EC-0367
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Hotspots - Carbonado
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspots

## Carbonado

With the Resource Rush at the turn of the century, Crocker Mines opened again, mining coke and coal, and adding fracking for oil and natural gas. Huge gravel and sand pits opened up for construction material. Lots of facilities and company housing were built, as the population quadrupled in a decade and business was successful. Unfortunately it was all short-lived, as fifteen years later Rainier’s eruption wiped out much of the timber harvesting and created geological instabilities for any mining attempts. Today, on the surface, old coal slag heaps tower over the town like ancient burial mounds. Toxic runoff has collected in the sand pits, creating beautiful and dangerous colored lakes.

Carbonado’s population has been predominantly ork since 2039, when many of them fled central Seattle after the Night of Rage. Orks have been finding their way here since 2022, however. Huey “Old Bishop” Kravagna is a fourth-generation Carbonado ork. Much of the population has adapted to living in the mines, restoring and scavenging equipment. Everything from buses to cargo containers has been moved below to create a stabilized community space. There is still coal mining going on in town, though it’s much more dangerous now with paracritters moving into some parts of the area.

- The Crocker Mines, to put their size into perspective, cover an area with a three-kilometer radius, with Carbonado at its heart. Wilkins, Kravagna, Gem, Bernett, and so many other tunnel names worm their way through this area. With depths varying from ninety to three hundred meters, the Crocker mines are an ideal smuggling route into and out of the Seattle Metroplex.

- Lyran

- Thorn

While everyone is focused on Potter and what she’ll do next, no one really cares what’s happening in Puyallup, which means they overlook things like the mayor diverting funds to hire and arm a law enforcement unit known as the Puyal-

- Way too many exits to cover, and tons of rock to block tracking. You can rent/carve out a pocket of space to store stuff to wait for the heat to cool down if you don’t mind a little shaking. There’s a bit of a parking garage down there, with stolen cars collecting dust.

- Rigger X
