---
id: EC-0146
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Centurion Institute for Scientific Advancement
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Centurion Institute for Scientific Advancement

Formerly known as NeoNET Labs, this facility was taken over by Centurion shortly after NeoNET fell out of the top ten. It stands out because it is not a traditional corporate research lab. CISA is branded as an institution of higher learning that confers degrees through nearby University of Washington.

- Centurion is playing nice, but the reality is that CISA is a recruiting lab. They look for the top scientists, tell them they are working toward the betterment of the city and their own degrees, and then offer them a fat Centurion paycheck at the end of the term. Other corps have grown wise to the scheme and

CMH might have come out of a horror movie. The hospital sits at the highest point of a patch of fresh growth woodlands, looking more like a gothic asylum than the cutting-edge medical facility it truly is. CMH was built atop the site of the Black Cougar Mountain regional wildland park. However, the hospital didn’t take up all of the park’s area. A swath of public housing originally built around the hospital was razed when the surrounding area was rezoned as part of Bellevue’s green initiative. At least a dozen old buildings remain operational among the new growth wilderness surrounding the hospital.

CMH continues to be a local leader in transplant surgery and organ replacement. While considered a public hospital, the facility does allow for private, elective surgical procedures for the right price.

- Tamanous is still running the organlegging trade through this location. There are a handful of smaller facilities out in the woods as well as a cold storage warehouse that Tamanous used to use to temporarily store bodies before shipping them off to parts unknown.

- Hannibelle
