---
id: EC-0380
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: LoveLand
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## LoveLand

Located near Route 7 near the district’s western border, the city of Loveland merged with the city of Spanaway into the second-densest urban sprawl in the Puyallup Barrens (the first being Puyallup itself). Loveland has more than its share of drug/BTL/chip pushers and prostitution compared to the rest of the district, due to the proximity of Fort Lewis. There are legitimate-looking establishments between Pacific Ave East and B Street East to attract off-duty soldiers—bars, restaurants, pawn shops, motels, etc.—but these are haunted by squatters and thieves hustling for a share of the action. Above all of this is a subtle battle between the Yakuza and Mafia over who owns or controls the businesses in the area.

- Though when subtlety is unnecessary, the Quick Slivers and Blue Dragons go at it to settle the dispute. Neither side has invested much since Meeker Park went up. Both places could be lucrative, so it could be first and second prize.

- Lyran

East and south of B Street East, the pretty façade falls away to reveal a shanty town built on the remains of the old settlements, filled with the homeless, the addicts, and the SINless. There’s more violence here, as gangs fight to control territory and see who can run errands for organized crime.

- Crime and violent crime have gone up as the Rangers have started to clean up Puyallup, and gangs become displaced or eliminated.

- LSPD
