---
id: EC-0268
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Lone Star Forces Everett
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lone Star Forces Everett

It didn’t take any time at all for Lone Star to step back into its old location, and then promptly vacate a week later. It seems the old building was discovered to be bugged by more than forty odd tags and wireless devices.

- Word has it that a tip to someone led to an inspection from the folks at Manadyne. Who knew there was a spell to locate that stuff?

- **>** Pistons

They moved into their new location just off Broadway and Tower Street and settled in with time to spare. A new district jail has been set up, which supposedly can hold up to one hundred rough-n-tumblers. Smaller hubs were being established through the district in a fashion, something like local fire stations. These hubs usually have three to four units active at any one time and include safe boxes for people to run if necessary.

**Chief Lieutenant Roberta Sagnon** is the district lead for Everett, a returning veteran who got a promotion out of the reinstatement and who has been seen both at the central district station and in

one of the APCs, an up-armored Appaloosa that has can take a beating and deliver a counterpunch, with a ram-plate that would make a Roadmaster think twice.

- How in the hell did she get one of those? I didn’t think Lone Star had that kind of funding to put onto a district street.

- Clockwork

- Word is that several of these have been sent to any station that has a major highway moving through it, which in Seattle is nearly all of them. Which might mean there is probably a second one in the district as well. So do not expect to see them everywhere, it will just feel like they are.

- LSPD
