---
id: EC-0361
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies

See **Maya** at the Cut if you’re looking for info on Ketron or anywhere else in Outremer. She’s the best source of islander data you can find. She would have written this if we thought we could have gotten her to write something concise.



On Blake, you need to be authorized by either the Sea Dragon or one of her people. The best connection I can mention would be **G-Dub** . He’s a changeling with heavy shark characteristics and a background as a member of the Red Hot Nukes way back in the day. He works hard to keep the Sea Dragon’s favor and keeps unwanted sorts off the island. He also offers clearance for those who can help with the occasional issue.

Nikko’s got two important folks to know. **Tendo Ikisawa** and **Kiku Carlson** . Tendo is a local infobroker with connections to the Yakuza. Those with a limited scope on life think he’s a plant for MCT, but those of us who know the situation there understand the Yakuza are trying to reintegrate among other Japanacorps because MCT just isn’t the grand protector it once was. Kiku is pure trouble. She’s only here because of her sexual preferences, and she’s not happy she was cast off with the rest. She’s got revenge on her mind and contracts work all over in order to try to get back in the good graces of her colleagues.

- All the good deeds and credit in the world aren’t going to suddenly change the xenophobic views of her colleagues. She’d be better off changing corps.

- Plan 9

locals looking to win a survival prize. Between ten and thirty contestants come to Thesis and fight it out to reach a goal point. Reaching the goal is a minor prize reward, but then a fight to the finish is instigated for the final winner. These are not blood matches, and killing is not necessary. Every contestant is given a collar camera, and all they need to do is record their opponent as unconscious, verbally surrendering, or dead (the cam has also has a biomonitor to report death). Brint prefers less death, because it’s easier to clean up.

- With the changes, plenty of former military are hopping on these events, and Brint might be making these more frequent.

- **>** Stone

- I’ve talked to plenty of winners, and the contestants are not the only obstacles on the island. Plenty talk about mysterious deaths or strange feelings when in the woods. Be wary if you take this gig.

- Lyran

- At least one skilled hacker has won this by fuzzing the recordings and making it look like opponents surrendered to them. They were athletic, but they won by hacking feeds and catching enough talking clips.

- Glitch

Tanjo has such an interesting collection of residents and visitors that picking any one is tough. Each bar and restaurant has at least three or four good connections for data, goods, or access. If you’re looking for a hub of info, or a spider at the center of Tanjo’s spiderweb, go see **Kitrin** at the Aqua Serenity Hotel. She’s a free spirit but has a job as the hotel concierge. She connects people with activities across Seattle and has a strong knowledge of Tanjo, Outremer, and all the coastal regions around the Puget Sound.

- Kitrin is a spirit of the Salish Sea, which is the great body of water that the Puget Sound is part of. She’s directly connected to the waters and all their coasts. Protection of the region is key, and she has been known to sway the opinions of scientists who risk damaging the waters with their experimentation.

- Ecotope

Thesis’ current gatekeeper is **Major Michelle Brint** of Hard Corps. She’s the head of the security detail on the island. The fact that Hard Corps is the island’s security is telling of where this island sits in the Ares hierarchy of importance. Major Brint is well aware of her dead-end job and thus has a couple side gigs set up from Thesis. She lets some “worn out” arms slip off island rather than hit the furnace. She also does a monthly invitational for

- That legend has led to a lot of silent fighters. No witty lines. No banter. They don’t speak in order to avoid getting hacked and getting played.

- Slamm-0!
