---
id: EC-0296
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: AWOL Station
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## AWOL Station

Located next to the new IMA offices in Fort Lewis, AWOL Station resembles a small resort/ hotel that caters not only to SMAF members, but private military contractors in general. The building itself is seven stories tall and has enough lodging for approximately four hundred guests. It also features several conference rooms for rent, which already have been used extensively by IMA representatives and members for meetings and recruitment drives. Rooms range from cheap coffin-style setups to relatively extravagant four-person extended-stay suites.

In the basement, traveling mercs can make use of **The Vaults** , specially designed storage rooms to secure normally forbidden/restricted items such as weapons, gear, and (for an extra fee) explosives. AWOL Station’s biggest attractions are located on the first floor, which houses a number of specialty shops such as **Shooty McBangface’s** , where traveling military types can purchase new weapons and gear or have their current arsenals serviced or repaired. But the most popular location is known simply as **The PX** , a massive bar and entertainment hub that offers everything one would expect in such an establishment.

AWOL Station is currently owned and run by Connie Bordeaux, a recently retired combat magician from Combat Inc. who also lives on site. Bordeaux is also the widow of Jack “the Knife” Hogan, a cousin of Dona Rowena O’Malley. Multiple rumors surround Bordeaux and Hogan, the most popular indicating that she married then killed him for the nuyen as part of some convoluted scheme to claim a bounty on Hogan in order to build AWOL Station.

- Hogan was also a merc, known for going rogue and responsible for several war crimes. But his links to the Finnigan Family kept him relatively safe. Still, if O’Malley is upset about her cousin’s death, she hides it well. The Finnigans are a regular sight at AWOL Station, where they conduct most of their prostitution business and use the considerable security there to help fend off any attacks by the Triads or the Vory.
