---
id: EC-0538
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Jassila Feddersen
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jassila Feddersen

As the mayor of Snohomish since 2076, Feddersen has been on the frontlines of making sure Snohomish gets proper treatment and protection under the new government. The economic boom she guided with her crafty politicking between local farms and big agricorps may have put some Snohomishites off, but her heart has always been keen on making sure Snohomish stays as pure and clean as possible, even when she needed to bring in resources from other areas.

As the new government settles in, Feddersen has been making sure Snohomish’s importance is understood. Feddersen isnt shy about reminding people that her district is the region’s largest producer of food, nor slow to point out potential threats lurking at its borders—whether it’s the toxicity of Redmond creeping north, the crime of Everett spreading south, or (most worrisome) the threat of a Salish invasion from the east. The Natives would definitely target and take Snohomish early in any skirmish to reclaim part of Seattle. To ensure our protection here, she has not resorted to arbitrary contracts just to bring in more forces but has instead sought funding to bolster the training and equipment of those already present and loyal to Snohomish. No one protects a place like its residents.

More important to readers here is her political and business maneuvering. She keeps most of her political work as clean as possible, but when it comes to business maneuverings, she knows full well who she’s working against. She knows the shadows were built for corporate shenanigans and has no problem using the tools of the corps against them. She pays well but expects discretion.

- Work from her comes in two categories. The kind she hires teams with metahumans for and the kind she vets out mostly human teams for. If you get a contract with her stink on it and your team is all metas, be ready to get screwed well before you get to a double-cross at the end. She tends to use those kinds of teams for messy work or suicide missions.

- Cosmo

- Most Mr. Johnsons and fixers know her deal, and many won’t play middleman for her. She has three primary Johnsons of her own. One is a dark-haired male with thin features who usually meets at places near downtown Snohomish. The second is a blonde-haired, blue-eyed wall of a man who operates from overnear Lynnwood. The last is an Asian woman with silver hair who holds her meetings all over but usually has a pair of cybered-up twins nearby as personal security. They’re all as prejudiced as one would expect, but none of them are rude or aggressive, just passive and willing to toss you into a meat grinder of a run if your ears are pointed.

**>** Icarus

- Don’t forget to ask about becoming a “Farmer.” One of Gets’ new initiatives, it’s like a club membership where you can make your orders remotely with a special access on your commlink and choose a delivery location rather than coming to a store. It’s got its perks, especially if you need a gear swap and your doss is hot or far off, but they don’t deliver inside most corp compounds, and all the deliveries need to be picked up outdoors.

- 2XL
