---
id: EC-0461
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Sonya Scholl
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sonya Scholl

Sonya has been mayor of Redmond for almost two decades. You might argue that’s because it’s a job no one else is really interested in, but Scholl has held on to the job with the determination only a dyed-in-the-wool ideologue has in a place like this. Her use of shadow assets while staying free of corruption is relatively well known in the shadows, and she can be an able employer.

- Word is Scholl is sweating bullets about the political possibilities Urubia presents in Redmond. The dragon is buying up the town and cleaning up what she gets, and her followers are happy and committed. It’s not hard to see the dragon as a contender for overt political power. Some are already calling the Funhouse a Redmond renewal, but Scholl ain’t happy about it.

- Doctor Spin

- I had the opportunity to speak with her about this. Scholl is an old-school Socialist, big believer in government care and distributed wealth. To hear her tell it, dragons aren’t really known to share, and hoarding isn’t how the people of Redmond are going to be saved.

- Sunshine

- Yeah, but how long do you get to be mayor without results and make any kind of credible claim?

- Snopes

- If Urubia manages to sweeten Scholl, nothing is gonna stop the dragon from taking over.

- Glitch

- Forgive me for saying, but a bullet would be a lot easier.

- DangerSensei

- You’re all assuming Scholl isn’t the Crimson Queen …

- Plan 9

- Want a real twist? The Desolation Angels have been tangling with them more and more lately. The Angels only tend to target bugs, but the Spiders are considered bug hunters, too. It makes

- Oh for fuck’s sake, not this again.

- Snopes


**>** If you’ll wait just one moment … **>** Glitch


- Sure. If you think a dragon that fetishizes metahumans as pets represents a net positive …

- Kia
