---
id: EC-0096
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Enemies - The Humanis Policlub
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Enemies

## The Humanis Policlub

If you think that they should be in the “Frenemies” section, get out.

The Humanis Policlub in Auburn isn’t as entrenched as they are in Renton, but they’re a growing force that you should be aware of. There are essentially three layers to this onion: the outermost layer, the core, and the inner circle. The outermost layer is the large number of thought-aligned non-members that dot the landscape. These people (mostly humans but not entirely) are motivated by what they think of as normalcy, which the recent surge in orks has shaken. They all “have ork friends” and talk about how “he’s one of the good ones,” but the constant barrage of misinformation and fear that the media dump on them has them willing to believe hateful things, like orks having litters or trolls being stupid. These folks work shoulder to shoulder with metahumans in the plant, or hire metas for menial tasks like lawn care or house repairs, but grumble about the number of orks dating humans, how they affect property values, and so on. Humanis courts these people, slowly bringing them into the fold.

The core are the actual Humanis members. They think of themselves as the good guys (they aren’t), defending humanity from the predations of lustful orks preying on their children, railing against elves draining coffers dry via Social Security, and preaching that orks are lazy and simultaneously stealing human jobs. They can be violent when counter-protesting, but their real strength is in their entrenched social structures. Quite a few officers in Lone Star are also Humanis members, as are many members of school boards, zoning committees, and so on. They use these social controls to keep metas “under control” and allow for “normal people” to thrive.

Lastly is the inner circle, the ones who lead the charge. Thomas Hamilton’s the head of the Auburn chapter, but his wife Karen is the one who has more passion for the cause. The inner circle

- Don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time. Plenty of other ways out of poverty.

- 0rkCE0

- That’s the beauty of the personal responsibility crowd—it’s always a value others need to adopt. Should Humanis leaders reveal themselves in public and be accountable for all of their actions? Should wage thieves have to pay back wages with interest? Should drug dealers in human neighborhoods get the same punishment as those in ork neighborhoods? Naw—when we talk about personal responsibility, we don’t mean them.

- **>** Sunshine
