---
id: EC-0133
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Powerline sex club
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Powerline sex club

Once considered a curiosity, Powerline is starting to feel like the flagship of Bellevue’s “anything goes” attitude. Powerline is the sprawl’s premier sex club. It is a multi-level affair built like the unrated version of Dante’s Inferno. There is definitely something for everyone here. The ground floor is for those who prefer ordinary sex and titillation. Climb to level two, and you’ll encounter cosplayers. The furries are the level above that. The top floors are divided by partner gender preferences—same, single, bi, pan, whatever. As expected, the basement levels are filled with various BDSM chambers equipped with AR projectors that can be modified to match your specific fantasy.

The club was raided as part of the sweep stemming from the Tamanous bust. While tons of data were collected, the only people arrested were the ghouls partaking in the BDSM lounge. The club went back into operation a day later, none the worse for the wear.

- Yet that data still wound up in the hands of Lone Star. You have to wonder what they did with all that security footage and transaction records.

- Star Loner

- That striking old troll in the corner of the top floor surrounded by a sea of pretty young boys is called Sweet William. Look past the playboy appearance, and you’ll find he’s one of the best fixers in the Belle.

- Sounder
