---
id: EC-0430
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Overview
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Overview

It’s where gangers learn the ropes before going big-time, where fallen stars go to ground, where eager young hustlers run hot product across town and bunk down in coffin motels with cheap kaf between running gun battles with Halloweeners or 408s or 162s. This is where the cops aren’t the problem: the criminals are. You can be a hooder or a hood, but whatever you choose, there’s work to be had. But Redmond isn’t about the cash, it’s about the credit. You build experience here, and that experience builds into a rep. You’re counting every bullet and every nuyen, with one eye on your back and the other on the future.

In the ’50s, Redmond wasn’t the place to be, but it was where you were. The Z-Zone that brought shame to the game in all it’ grimy glory, the trashcan armpit of Seattle. Refuse of the material and metahuman varieties winds up here, radioactive and scandalized and discarded, forgotten whether it wants to be or not. It’s a den of rejects and the birthplace of legends. The Halloweeners and the Cutters still tear up the pavement, gangs so old they may as well be labeled institutions. Block wars, casual crime, courier jobs that don’t pay more than the price of a coffin motel and a cup of kaf ...

Goddamn, I love Redmond.

- It takes a runner to say something like this. Everyone else here is living as close to Hell as it gets, scrounging day by day in a subsistence existence, the closest thing to escape being the next hit of whatever discount brainbender is on sale. Redmond is despair, ashes out of which nothing can grow.

- Borderline

- We shall see.

- Crimson Queen
