---
id: EC-0394
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Tarislar
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tarislar

In the secluded area between Silver Lake and Hart’s Lake lies the majority of Puyallup’s elf population. Tarislar (Sperethiel for “remembrance”) is a fairly rural town. Sure, the construction contains a lot of prefab structures, but the components were shipped from Tír Tairngire, incorporating natural and rustic-looking features. A subgrid of batteries and powerplants keeps them self-sufficient and off the grid. A razor-wire fence and gated street tells the rest of the world they are not welcome. The place started out nice, like a day camp, as people waited on papers to live in the elven lands, but time passed, and politics started making the residents bitter. Then the whole ideal soured as the “perfect” lands of the Tír started exiling elves to Tarislar. More cheap buildings popped up, power couldn’t keep up with demand, and the district of Puyallup swallowed up another town with despair. The Tarislar sprawl gave rise to the Ancients, who have rediPUYALLUPrected their anger against anyone else. It also gave rise to a much more organized criminal syndicate, the Laésa.

- The Laésa and Ancients split long ago, and the animosity between them keeps growing. With the increase of Tír expatriates coming to Tarislar, the elvish Mafia has decided there’s only room for them. The rest of the town is stuck between them hoping to avoid being in the crossfire.

- LSPD

- Don’t forget the Princes. Seeing the writing on the wall in Tarislar, the Black Prince has taken his gang to Graham Cracker City.

- **>** Glitch
