---
id: EC-0540
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Trent \u201CTouchdown\u201D Dade"
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trent “Touchdown” Dade

Born a rich socialite, Trent made a name for himself by almost making it into pro football. The running joke is that he got out in time to save just enough brain cells from being smashed to make it into politics. His father is a longstanding member of Snohomish high society, so it’s no surprise that his eldest son would take the lead with the Sons of Snohomish. Supporting local businesses, charities, and community organizations, the Sons of Snohomish volunteer their time and donate vast sums of money to promote safety and security at public events all over the district. Since taking over, he has increased membership and opened up additional Son Centers around the district, two of which are in the often-troubled regions closer to Redmond.

This isn’t the end of the line for his plans, though. Touchdown has obvious political plans and has been connecting and campaigning to take over the top spot in the district in the next election. He hasn’t held any previous political offices but seems to be basing his campaign plan on the “fresh face” method. He talks a lot about policy changes to protect regions affected by the high crime rate of Redmond, increasing construction for housing options to allow more people a place in Snohomish without damaging their green spaces or marring the horizon, and ensuring proper border protections to reduce smuggling from the SSC. Like most politicians, he doesn’t explain how any of this will get done, but that doesn’t mean he won’ttry to shake up the status quo and ride the political railroad to the top of Seattle.

- Trent is like a knock-off Brackhaven. He’s no better in his metaracial viewpoints. He’s just younger and able to learn to hide it better. If he gets too far along in politics, everything is going to get dug up eventually.

- Bull

- He’s currently poking at the NAN and making their retaliations and reactions look like they’re the ones causing the trouble. Obviously, you know he’s hiring runners to do the dirty work, but he keeps losing his fixer and Mr. Johnson connections because the jobs he’s contracting are turning out to be high threat, especially if the hired runners aren’t humans. Rumors have Trent leaking intel once he finds out the makeup of the team. It keeps getting worse, and as I said, more and more street pros aren’t working with him.

- Sunshine

- He’s just switching over to less professional operators. Mr. Johnsons with Humanis ties scream bad news when they hire teams with metas and he’s finding it harder and harder to contract good talent.

- Fianchetto

Touchdown keeps his political background as clean as possible, and that means using deniable assets. I don’t know any of his connections personally, but I have heard rumors that he has ties to some extremely talented teams. His political life always hangs in the balance of someone discovering skeletons in his closet, and I think this might be from a defiant stint. There was a period of time right after not making the cut where he decided to go against the grain and use his physical prowess in the shadows. If that’s what happened, it explains the connections to high-end teams.

- “High-end teams?” That’s a stretch. He has connections to some hardened killers. His “shadowrunning” career was actually a half a decade in the Flaming Swords, working a lot in Denver. That’s the hyper-violent, militant arm of the Human Nation. That’s saying a lot, as the Human Nation is already the hyper-violent, militant arm of the Humanis Policlub. The guys he knows are meta-murdering scumbags who look for any opportunity to cause maximum havoc to metahumans regardless of whether they’re the intended target or not.

- Mihoshi Oni

- He was involved in that Paladin Health debacle a few years back if my intel is correct. Surprised he survived, but the cockroaches always do.

- Fianchetto
