---
id: EC-0047
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Wuxing
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wuxing

**==> picture [90 x 75] intentionally omitted \<==**

The Wuxing Tower on Franklin Way always seems to be under renovation, and the UCAS breakup seems to have resulted in gutting the damn thing. If this is a bluff to make them look weak, it’s

not working, as the company is acting on initiatives to turn Seattle into its primary North American port, negotiating some generous deals with the government to bring in necessary supplies from all over the world, maneuvering themselves into a profitable middleman position to collect a piece of everything every other corp wants to import. Additionally, they’ve doubled down on their eco-friendly magical security and goods, even working a cooperative deal with the otherwise non-competitive Eta Engineering, cozying up with SSC interests.

- Wuxing doesn’t just smell profit in helping Seattle expand its shipping base. They’ve been looking to undermine Portland for a while, and this is just the opportunity they’ve been hoping for.

- **>** Sounder

- Considering Wuxing’s interest in utilizing feng shui for prosperity and profit, the big national shifts mean someone is gonna get some great work geomantically re-aligning the place, while others are going to make bank trying to sabotage it.

- Lyran

- You can expect them to be tapping their Triad connections pretty hard to help swing things their way. The Yellow Lotus is already ramping up operations around the Tacoma docks and scouting shadow talent to expand protection.

- Red
