---
id: EC-0091
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Supermall
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Supermall

The second-largest mall in all of Seattle (and if current market trends continue, it’ll be the largest soon), the Supermall manages to thrive when one after another mall has shut down, replaced by the ease of Matrix shopping and drone delivery services. The Supermall had been in decline for years, catering to an increasingly poor client base, but the past decade has seen a small resurgence fromteenagers who have embraced the idea of a mall. They have reclaimed the area, bringing badly needed nuyen along with them. With over a hundred stores and six anchors (we miss you, Wordsworth!), there are plenty of entry-level jobs to go around for teens looking to generate a bit of income. There’s a thriving skate subculture here (not allowed on mall grounds, but they’ve gravitated to the parking lot around the now-closed Wordsworth, and so far mall officials aren’t stopping them). The skater presence has helped persuade the Diamond Deckers to set up shop here, bringing plenty of hackers with them. The Trideoplex remains popular for teen romance, while the large variety of stores on the upper floors sell everything from housewares to furniture to, I drek you not, sports trading cards and comic books.

- I feel a shopping trip coming on.

- Dr. Spin

- Weren’t the Diamond Deckers going to be in the Green River Arcology?

- Pistons

- They are, but while it’s being built, they run operations out of the Supermall. The good stuff they can’t sell until they have extraterritorial protection, so the Supermall front is for legal goods.

- **>** Slamm-0!
