---
id: EC-0271
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: '> Gramius'
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Gramius

Aleksander “Terminator” Bilotkiy remains the lethal killer he’s been for over a decade now, but time may be starting to slow him down. Near the docks, the Tsar has managed to slip some of his

EVERETT’Speople into the restrengthened union halls. It was a move borne from necessity as he worked to keep his grip on the military armaments smuggling that is his specialty. His matrix operations have taken several hits however, as rising competition from the other syndicates and gangs have caused him to pull in some of his normally hottest sellers list for himself and his people. His ties to Moscow have not been damaged yet, but that is mostly because of his legal activities he’s undertaken in the last few years that are becoming quite lucrative in their own right.

- Terminator Bilotkiy had a nearly complete upgrade to all his implants, including his cybernetic firewalls. During the last decade, after someone bricked the hardware that caused him to go under the laser again, he has become quite the virtualwarrior himself, with a persona that looks all too much like something out of the latest crazed razor-killer sim.

- Red Anya

Jong-Won Sung remains the Boss of the Choson Ring in the sprawl and is taking advantage of the changes in Everett to hide their activities underneath. Their mainstays in identity theft, SIN fabrication, and info brokering keep them financially afloat. Kanaga-gumi has been distracted of late, but their animosity towards both the Choson and Komun’go rings has not diminished.

- Don’t count the Choson out anytime soon. Their numbers recently received a big push, with several older members who were thought missing coming back into the fold. All of them were hackers and deckers, of course, but when they came back, they’ve shown some significant muscle growth and new mods.

- **>** Kia

- Jong-Won’s right-hand man in Everett is Soo-Jin Ha-Yun, who keeps their operations grounded in the same kind of mobile stealth they used last decade. Choson has expertise when it comes to removing traces and stripping online banks down to their skeletons within minutes. As for their returning operators, Jong-Won and Komun’Go Ring’s Chulsoon Gray-Wolf worked together to recover those members. They had all been CFD sufferers and needed treatment and rehabilitation. They got both from somewhere.

- Rikki

- It may be telling, but some of the magically gifted from 10,000 Lions in Hong Kong have made the crossing into Everett recently.

- **>** Lei Kung
