---
id: EC-0422
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Puyallup Rangers
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Puyallup Rangers

The new law enforcement for the people of Puyallup. Yes, you still have Lone Star trying to make their quota on arrests, but it’s the Rangers’ turf now. Former Star, KE, SPD, MetroGuard and even Eagle Security folks work for them now, inheriting their simple goal of “protecting the people.” As a fledgling law enforcement corp, there are still some legal/political wrinkles to iron out, but for the most part it’s had a positive effect.

- There’s been a few scuffles. A former KE pawn turned Ranger pulling jurisdiction over current LS led to some punches being thrown. Fortunately, it only resulted in a few lost teeth. The biggest difference between LS and the Rangers is that the Rangers aren’t checking for SINs. People are people in Puyallup. That’s what’s really ruffling feathers. LS can’t just come in with guns blazing any more. They have to ask permission.

- LSPD

Every Ranger is given a badge, often handcrafted, and they are assigned either a town to protect or a posse to patrol a part of Puyallup district. You may envision rangers with cowboy hats and riding horses along the badlands of Hell’s Kitchen. That might be close to what happens if marketing has their way in recruitment ads. Right now it’s a bit of a mixed bag, as only the badge and olive green jacket are defining the Rangers’ look. Everything else is inconsistent, based on what the individual Rangers bring to the job.

- Rangers are taking out the trash, starting with gangs. The Rangers don’t have many jails for criminals, and the Puyallup prison is a joke, so the Rangers are instead dumping their arrests at LS stations outside of Puyallup.

- LSPD
