---
id: EC-0121
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Street Scene
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Street Scene

The central philosophy of the Belle is that poverty is easily disposed of, so long as you are willing to make the effort to do so. That mindset slams down like a security gate between the haves and have-nots. Your high-end Stuffer Shack owner is always pushing to own more, because it won’t be enough until she has a seat at the table or even a leg up on the rich folk she admires from afar.

Remember, of course, that nuyen is not the only currency in Bellevue. The other is power. It drives conflict on the streets. Those who don’t have it feel like they need to knock down those who do. Nowhere does that play out more than in Bellevue’s shallow criminal underworld.

Every organized crime organization operates here on some level. The Yakuza maintain the smallest footprint, keeping their operations limited to the robust sex trade as well as operating a number of front businesses as money-laundering operations.

- The Yakuza money-laundering operations are actual laundries. They run a highly profitable chain of laundries throughout the sprawl called Spotless. The cleaners are just trendy enough to draw the eyes of locals who don’t care too much about what they pay so long as the work is good. The laundries also double as safehouses for their sex-trafficking operations. The girls who get used up and pushed out of the business end up working in the dry cleaners. It’s considered a step up toward freedom.

- Kai-lin

On the other end of the spectrum, the mob is anything but subtle. Until a few years ago, Bellevue was considered Ciarniello territory. The arrival of the Padulano family from Italy changed all that. The Padulanos were a small but wealthy white-collar crime family operating in the Ravenna Sprawl in the Italian Confederation until one day they pulled up stakes and moved to Bellevue.

- The Padulanos were pushed out of Ravenna by order of the Alta Commissione. It is unclear what arrangement led to them landing in Seattle, but that same arrangement stipulates that they cannot operate outside of Bellevue for a period of ten years. Of course, nobody told the Ciarniello’s they had to leave either.

- **>** Fianchetto

Wealth doesn’t mean Bellevue is free of gangs. Quite the opposite. There’s something about aristocracy that draws out the worst in people. Dozens of small thrill gangs pop up and disappear every year, limiting their actions to testosterone-driven street assaults and random acts of vandalism.

Even the local Star considers them more nuisance than threat. The First Nations have a legitimate foothold here as well, but the major street gang is the Nova Rich, a collection of corp youth either jumped up from the lesser street gangs or part of a tribe of lifelong thugs born and bred in the area. The Nova Rich operate out of the warehouse district, which is the last place in the Belle with less than a gold security rating.

- Humanis has used what they see as a declining human population to get their claws into the once-floundering Nova Rich. Lately, they’ve been targeting the growing tribal ork population with random acts of violence. The message is clear: Go back to where you came from. The First Nations, surprisingly, have been running patrols in ork-heavy areas looking to stomp out the violence against tribal orks before it starts.

- Bull

The story of the other two major gangs in the area is an interesting one. The 405 Hellhounds started as a go-gang looking for late-night thrills and picking off easy prey. Over the years, they grew into more, taking on protection and smuggling work up and down the 405 as far north as Everett. The Leather Devils, an exclusively gay go-ganger set, came together when the founder and his lover were bounced out of the Hellhounds. They remain a thrill gang with a special hatred for the Hellhounds that results in near-weekly clashes on the highways.
