---
id: EC-0115
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

Bellevue has been a petri dish for testing various sociological and economic phenomena. With the arrival of the Blake administration, the region shifted from a Burgess land-use model, with the wealthiest on the fringes of the city and the core urban area home to the poorest people, to a Whitmore-Meiers schema of differentiated zoning, where areas are designed to cater to social philosophies. As a result, micro-arcologies sprouted up all across the district. Bellevue is built to allow you to live any sort of life you desire within the limits of what the government deems as acceptable. Anything goes, from the highly touted BDSM sex club Powerline to the numerous high-stakes casinos to a botanical garden retreat whose policies are just right of eco-first. Many call it the Shangri-la of the modern world, a place to escape corporate overreach. The definition fits—if you’re willing to ignore the machinations that keep it all running.

- It is far from a place to escape the corporate world. All this means is that the megas who have a foothold in the space are required to rebrand themselves here. Heck, it’s an opportunity to test brands and see what will work. Horizon makes a killing out here finding out what works and what doesn’t.

- **>** Sunshine

- MCT still has facilities here that are extraterritorial, but the company pretends these locations are separate—even local—entities. Cavilard is MCT. The BrainWave and Elk-Sledge corporate offices are MCT. MCT Public Health is the money behind Cougar Mountain Hospital. Petrovski Security is owned by MCT. However, none of them say MCT explicitly. That’s how they play along with the idea that Bellevue is a DMZ.

- /dev/grrl

To really get it, you need to recognize that Bellevue is not one thing, but a collection of various scenes that, while overlapping, operate independently of one another. At the top, the government manages all of them expertly. However, all of them require work in the shadows to grease the gears.
