---
id: EC-0298
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Parkland Mall
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Parkland Mall

Not exactly considered a hot spot, Parkland Mall has been a staple of Fort Lewis for decades. A place where military personnel and their families could do modest shopping, Parkland had almost anything an average trooper could want without having to venture too far from post. Many Parkland shops (such as weapons and surplus stores) recently lost a lot of business, however, since AWOL Station opened its doors. Still, for basic needs, Parkland remains a viable option.

- Give it time. A lot of my sources are telling me that the Vory are looking to take advantage and start setting up shop in Parkland to help facilitate sales of red items. And with the Triads looking to settle scores, Parkland is poised to become another front in that little war.

- LSPD

place where anything can be found,” the House of “O” caters to and attracts a wide variety of clientele. However, nothing at the House of “O” comes cheap. Clients can expect to pay up to five hundred nuyen for a mere half hour of play, depending on what the client wants. The House is known to throw parties on the regular, with tickets starting at 5,000 nuyen. Despite the high prices, the House continues to see a steady stream of business.

It’s also a major Triad stronghold and one of their main metahuman trafficking hubs.

- When the Vory pulled their drek, the House was hit the hardest. Unlike most of the other Triad businesses or strongholds, the House of “O” stood firm and dished out one of the few Vory defeats in that frag-up. So now, the local Triads are using the House as a rallying point. Conversely, the Vory see it as one of their primary targets and have on multiple occasions tried to infiltrate for recon. They failed each time.

- LSPD
