---
id: EC-0301
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Allies and Enemies General Charles J. \u201CKami\u201D Causey - C.O. Seattle\
  \ Armed Forces"
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies General Charles J. “Kami” Causey

## C.O. Seattle Armed Forces

The current commander of all Seattle military forces, General Causey, was the most prominent of the former UCAS officers who remained after Seattle declared independence. General Causey started as enlisted infantry but was sent to Officer Candidate School in the late ’50s. By the mid-’60s, he’d been promoted to captain, and his company was at the tip of the spear in 2065 when JTF: Seattle surged into DeeCee to stop the New Revolution’s attempted coup. For his actions, Causey was awarded a Bronze Star and Purple Heart, and he earned a promotion to major. In 2077, he became a full colonel and was made JTF: Seattle’s XO, despite some static from the Pentagon. When Seattle declared independence, Causey was thehighest-ranking officer who elected to stay, which inspired several junior officers to also remain. Rumors as to why he stayed vary, but he’s been the driving force behind unifying all the various irregular commands into one unified fighting force.

- Causey is an old-school warrior. He cares more about the welfare of his troops and the mission than his own career. Unfortunately, he hit a glass ceiling once he made colonel. Seems he refused to give favorable evaluations on some subpar gear the Pentagon was trying to push on JTFS, despite pressure from his superiors to sign off so a backroom arms contract could go forward.

- Kay St. Irregular

- The most popular rumor says Causey stayed because he resented his career stalling. But I think the final straw was when the UCAS ordered JTFS to stand down when the blackouts started, or more importantly, when Task Force: Peacemaker went missing. His daughter was an armored infantry officer in III Corps who is still MIA.

**>** Picador

Causey is a “get it done” commander who prefers straightforward, forward-thinking, no-bulldrek solutions to problems. He holds himself and those under his command to the highest standards and does not suffer fools or incompetence for long but backs his people to the hilt when warranted. While this earns him the troops’ respect, it’s caused considerable friction with the Metroplex Guard and some within the new Seattle government.
