---
id: EC-0609
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 198
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

If you ask a lifer, they’ll say this place is headed to hell in a handbasket. If you ask one of these new-downers, they’ll tell you this is the most upand-coming neighborhood in the city. No matter what, it’s headed for some struggles and quite possibly a class war that won’t work out well for anyone. Sure, the lifers outnumber the new-downers and certainly aren’t afraid to get their hands dirty, but Renraku and Lone Star are making a fortune policing this spot, and they’ve got no problem setting up a few checkpoints to make sure people understand the difficulties and dangers of visiting the district. These use the points to tag and track local troublemakers, and once again we’ll get a place separated by class. I wouldn’t even be surprised if the Underground redefines its census range, and suddenly those other underground parts of the city, which are finally getting some safety infrastructure and buildup, are going to be removed and set aside once again.

All this is just my pessimistic prognosticating, but we’ve seen it before. The pivotal element to focus on right now is the success or struggles of Seattle itself. If Seattle is successful, the Underground has a chance. If Seattle struggles, those struggles and stresses will roll downhill (or seep through the ground) and eventually ignite the powder keg beneath the city. There’s a middle ground, and there’s always a chance the Underground will be successful on its own, but its expansion and the breadth of its span means it serves as the city’s arteries, letting life flow throughout while often feeling the strain first when suffocation is at hand.

- It’s vague but correct. The elements are a bit more complex. Let me explain that right now, the Underground’s property owners are rapidly changing metatype. While it was once the Ork Underground, the owners are now becoming predominantlydwarfs thanks to topside lawyers, long memories, and following the city’s rules. Even though the dwarfs got pushed from this place decades ago, they had filed papers to be the rightful owners (or got fakes planted). Now that the district is official, they’re pulling out those old deeds and laying claim. The orks would have a chance at squatter’s rights if they had any way to prove occupancy, but they don’t. Those deeper places the others have now moved … yeah, you can bet your last nuyen they’re filing paperwork to own it, but at this point it’s just not as valuable.

- Butch

- Work on all sides of this has to happen under the table. A lot of it is straight shady, and forgers are making a killing. Runners with an understanding of engineering are getting tapped on the regular to head down and make sure blueprints and property claims are accurate, and to adjust accordingly if necessary. Unsurprisingly, lifers frown on this and gladly reach out to the Skraacha or one of the other dozen gangs that have congealed in this state of chaos.

- UnderBoss

Second bit of insight on the future is a bit deeper. Literally. Along with funds for the city to go independent, the Sea Dragon has been funneling resources down into the Underground for her own purposes. While most of the nuyen coming down is going to Tourist Highway and the Heart, her efforts (mostly in the form of trade and hard valuables) are fueling the madness in the Depths. She (well, her coterie) is digging more tunnels and paths and revealing alchera no one knew existed beneath the city. Some of these places are mysterious doorways, and since no one in the Underground can resist a good street rumor, word is rapidly leaking upward and into the ears of corp execs, syndicate bosses, cabal leaders, and every other greedy entrepreneur. For them, as long as it’s someone else’s life, they don’t care who you’re facing; they just care that you’re desperate for nuyen and looking for the next gig. Expect those powers to work the shadows hard in order to find and exploit the best alchera.

- Don’t forget the other resources that are getting exposed by the Sea Dragon’s arcane excavations. I saw a squatter come dropping a half-kilo gold nugget at a pawn shop in the Biz. Didn’t get a fortune for it, but he’s certainly better off. Smarter squatters are forming mining crews and riding right on the tail of new tunnels, no matter the danger.

- Slamm-0!

- Thomas Lake Mining and Oil out of Everett has sent a few investigators down as well, and some of those forming up crews are getting offers for legitimacy out of it.

- Gramius

Despite the changes, some things don’t ever change. Even the newcomers respected Night of

Woe this past year. February 7 is not truly a day for celebration, but instead a day of remembrance for all. This doesn’t mean the locals don’t gather, drink, cook together, and celebrate the lives they have, it’s just not talked about like a party (much like some cultures where people get together after a funeral to drink and celebrate the dead). The party may be rowdy, but everyone still knows what they’re there for.

- It’s not uncommon for Humanis to have a presence down here at this time, usually claiming to be supportive of the plights of the metahumans, all the while slamming them with enough microaggressions to create a kilo-aggression. Fights are common. Less common, but far more dangerous, are the terrorist attacks and the shadow operations to incite riots or stop the terrorists.

- UG-OG

- If you’re not a metahuman and you’re headed down to honor and support your metahuman allies, make sure you stick close to them. The Sons of Sauron regularly check the local humans. If you have a local or a meta backing you, they’ll usually toss a little respect to you and then move on. If you claim support but no one can vouch for you, you’re going to get tossed—or worse.

- **>** Bull

While the Day of Woe is a day of remembrance, Recognition Day is intended as the biggest party of the year in the Underground. Honored on the second Monday in August, it’s a hot time above and a great time to invite folks down to the cool confines of this subterranean district to celebrate its formation. The Tourist Highway floods with the massive influx of visitors, and the eight new hotels built this year are already getting booked for next year. While the holiday is celebrated Monday, there are parties all weekend long.

- All are welcome to bring their nuyen down, but some are only tolerated so far. This past year may have started a trend. Parties got increasingly wilder as you went deeper. Tourist Highway had some generally blasé government-funded celebrations, while out in the Stretches things got wilder. I even caught rumors of a pair of parties in the Depths that involved drugs, astral travel, and an appearance by the Sea Dragon and her entourage. Rumors. But awesome rumors.

- Kane

- She showed up at the anniversary celebration, so I wouldn’t be surprised if she popped in down here. She’s put a lot of effort in here. Might as well enjoy the parties.

- /dev/grrl
