---
id: EC-0303
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "\u201CKatrina\u2019 - Vory v Zakone Boss"
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## “Katrina’

## Vory v Zakone Boss

Also known as “The Silver-Eyed One” (solid chrome right eye), Katrina is the current Vory boss in Fort Lewis and handles almost all of the current arms dealing in and around the district. Real name and place of birth are currently unknown, but she is a human female rumored to be between thirty-five and forty years old. She was first sighted as a member of the Moscow Vory faction in 2070; having risen through the ranks as an enforcer, she briefly became a mercenary and then used her merc contacts to become a Vory-affiliated smuggler in 2078.

Considered by most to be a sociopath, Katrina is known for cold nature. For her, business comes first and is the only concern. As such, she’s willing (and very able) to use whatever force she deems necessary to accomplish her objectives with zero hesitation and little regard for metahuman life. This, however, has not prevented her from earning the complete loyalty of her subordinates or her mercenary allies. Those who serve her well are well rewarded. Those who fail her are punished— severely.

- Katrina is not a senseless killer, she’s a calculating killer—every decision, every death has a purpose. I swear she removed her emotions in order to fit some kind of computer in her brain. She will weigh all possibilities, all angles, and if you run with or work for her, you’d better be a positive factor, otherwise she will simply remove you from her equation.

- Sounder
