---
id: EC-0245
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Uncle Mike
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Uncle Mike

Whose uncle is he? Everybody’s. Or, at the least, every ork’s. Uncle Mike makes connections between Downtown and the Underground, which is one of the better ways to get around town without being tracked. He also handles lots of “garbage runs” designed to pick scrap off the streets and move it down to ork territory. This has gotten more important as some of the Underground has been taken over by a gentrified population from above ground, with some old-timers being driven out to the edges and outskirts. Of course, he also wants dirt on anyone with access to resources topside—food from Horizon and Renraku, weapons from Ares, magic from MCT, blackmail material on law enforcement, and more. He also needs people who will fight for the Underground, defend the orks from intrusions. He always needs people to help in one way or another. Money, medicine, food, clothes—there’s a never-ending demand, and he’s always willing to trade.

- Mike’s good people. Damn good.

- Bull

- There’s also a fellow who goes by the name of **Cehualli** that I hope none of you meet. Details are sketchy, but he’s a mage whose previous associates have vanished, leaving him in a bit of a lurch, but he’s still pulling strings for his missing masters. Missions for him can be dark, but most seem to be just … odd. Go here, steal a bagel, leave quietly, or deliver a barrel to an address without opening it and then forgetting you did anything. It’s probably all tied up with magic but it might just be a raving madman doing things that only make sense to him. We don’t know, but better safe than sorry.

- Elijah

- This from you?!

- Glasswalker

- That said, he’s not above kidnapping an Alamos member, taking them deep down, and handing them over to a gang of orks who’ll make sure that they’ll never, ever find the body when they’re through with it.

- Sounder

- Finders keepers.

- Hannibelle

- The Knights Who Say Nikon are a decking group that operates almost entirely downtown. They firmly believe in freedom of information, but more than that, they just really, really hate anyone who’s too arrogant for their own good. They do all sorts of minor hacks—switching out ad blimps, changing AR feeds on storefronts, and otherwise sticking mostly to pranks with a bit a Black Hat hacking when necessary. Good people to have on yourside if you need a brief distraction and some traffic brought to a halt, but earning their trust takes a bit of effort.

**>** Pistons

- William McAllister’s also a good one to know. He’s gonna be governor some day!

- Slamm-0!

- Dammit, Fred! Cut that out!

- Bull
