---
id: EC-0393
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Crime Mall
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Crime Mall

The once-legitimate business mall is the criminal mecca for every fence, arms dealer, and seller of illegal goods. While it’s not on the metroplex guided tour, everyone in the Seattle Shadows knows about the Crime Mall. It’s 140,000 square meters over three stories and divided up into hundreds of shops. Rental fees are paid monthly to Anh Pham, Master of the Mall. Lone Star raids the place like clockwork, to the point that the big fish selling at the Crime Mall are conveniently out “checking inventory” and are never caught. Still, Lone Star gets enough arrests to meet their quota.

- Navigating the mall, requires some basic knowledge. There are three arms that goods are organized into. The first leg is knockoff brands, along with bootleg and salvaged goods. It’s closest to the freeway and is the most normal in appearance in case there’s an accidental tourist. The second leg is tattoos, piercings, and adjustments to augmentations. Not the full street-doc shop, but good enough for small additions. Same goes for the Decker Kiosk of software.

- The third leg, just behind the food court of mostly resold

- Stuffer Shack items, has weapons, armor, and the usual really illegal gear. Shiny and Deadly are my two favorite adjacent shops. Shiny for the blades and Deadly for ammo that can be custom built on site.

- Glitch

- Anh Pham is as much as a title as the Master of the Mall. For almost fifty years, there’s always an elderly man in an electric wheelchair driving the mall and collecting the fees. The syndicates get a small envelope of hard currency every month that they never asked for from the same elderly man, and they have never questioned ownership of the place.

- Plan 9

- What about the Council of Black Marketeers?

- Black Knight

This converted ferrocrete warehouse may not look like much, but its bones are steeped in musical greatness. Maria Mercurial. DarkVine. Jetblack. Shield Wall. CrimeTime. Melody Tyger. All have played from the industrial stage of Underworld 93. The key attraction for these artists is acoustics. Sure, they souped up the lighting and sound with SOTA tech for an audience of one thousand, but during the rehearsals, the musician’s voice carries through the venue, accompanied by the echo of angels. The same can be said with CrimeTime’s thundering synth solo that reverberates through one’s soul.

The club has been booking top musical acts for decades. The legend is that playing at Underworld 93 brings you one step closer to mega-stardom. With only a simple AR-enhanced marquee blazing its name, the club is always crowded, and tickets go fast. People don’t come here for drinks, food, or cushy seats. No one thinks twice about going into the barrens to hear music, as long as they’re going here. They sit on risers or benches or just stand and forget the rest of the world as musical tones wash over them.
