---
id: EC-0606
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: 'THE seattle UNDERGROUND - Posted by: TonyTroglodyte'
page: 195
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## THE seattle UNDERGROUND

## Posted by: TonyTroglodyte

Since its recognition as a district, the Seattle Underground has seen huge growth and shifts in its population. Much of this coming from new SINs being assigned and distributed by Renraku (somehow, they were ready with new Seattle SINs, along with new corp SINs for some new hires). Alongside new SINs, other SINs are moving in, with Underground construction and gentrification becoming the new rage. According to the census, the population has doubled, but it’s really just gained around ten percent, while the rest of the boost is just SINs being assigned to the SINless. The total real population down here is just over 200,000

This new growth is changing the Underground in ways no one would have expected. Alongside this, someone else has taken an interest in this place, and she’s making inroads, though those inroads are deeper than those of Renraku. We’re seeing new caverns for construction opening up, new places with alchera being discovered and exploited, and new paths around the city that surprise even the Underground lifers.

While the ork title might be gone, orks themselves are still around, but others are moving in too. The culture of the Underground is shifting, and with that shift will come the normal pangs and pains of change. Trouble is rumbling, but the real question here is whether this experiment of social change is going to settle in to make a new haven for all in Seattle or erupt like a volcano directly beneath the city.
