---
id: EC-0151
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Microdeck Industries
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Microdeck Industries

Microdeck recently began billing itself as a techno-future showcase. They haven’t released any technology that isn’t just a knock-off version of what the megas produce in years. All the same, the level of physical and Matrix security bristling from the walls of the complex suggests they are in the midst of research that is going to pay off. It wouldn’t be the first time it happened to this company.

The Microdeck campus has been renovated a dozen times over the past decade. Every year seems to bring more changes, new configurations, and added security. Presently there are three satellite buildings strategically placed around the main skyraker. Each has its own internal security force and separate lockdown procedures in case of emergency. All the buildings are connected to the main tower via an underground access tunnel that comes together in the subbasement of the main building. By all accounts, the people who work in these separate offshoot buildings do not communicate with each other. It’s anyone’s guess what they are doing there.

- Microdeck is dangerous because they are desperate. Year after year, they slip further behind in the tech race. Nothing they produce is cutting edge, and the only advantage they hold over their competitors is pricing. Whatever they are doing, they better do it fast before the Gates Casino becomes the only piece of the Gates fortune still worth anything.

- Mr. Bonds
