---
id: EC-0243
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Mr. Johnsons
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mr. Johnsons

There are plenty of fish in the small ponds of Redmond, Tacoma, and so on, but the biggest fish are downtown. Most of you will never meet a Karen King or a Hans Brackhaus, but through the fixer network, they’ve heard of you. Downtown is where their direct subordinates operate, hiring a higher quality of runner for higher-risk missions, authorized for higher payouts from above. When you move up from the bush leagues to downtown, some of them will even let you know who they work for, giving you access to name-brand gear at a discount. Keep scoring wins and you could even win the ultimate prize: status as a company suit.

King’s been _the_ fixer for Seattle for decades, the go-to Ares gal for all the big missions. As the struggle for CEO hits the endgame, she’s been tied down, trying to get an edge on her rivals and, more importantly, fending off all sorts of attacks on her person; assassination attempts, data runs, unwilling extractions, you name it, she’s had to deal with it this past year. She’s also been pulling in every runner on her radar to take swipes at her rivals. This hasn’t left her a lot of time to do her actual job of getting missions run, so her subordinates have had to take up the slack. Some of them see themselves taking over her seat in case she’s promoted … or demoted. Others are loyal to the cause. Most people are playing their cards close to their chest, but two have shown what they’re holding.

**Kyle Crenshaw’s** an Ares fixer who wants her spot. He’s a Clayton Wilson guy at heart who thinks King’s outlived her time on top, so he’s been willing to slip jobs to other Ares assets that are after her. He’s still a company man, and he knows that he doesn’t get promoted if, say, Renraku whacks her, so he’s not gone full traitor, but like all things Ares, the inward struggles are even more vicious than the external,

**Tanxi Vraadkar,** in contrast, is backing King to the end. She’s been handling a lot of the grunt work that King’s too busy to do, sending out runners against other corps to try and keep the bottom line in the red as best she can. Don’t mistake her love of the boss for softness, however; she can be as ruthless as needed when calling for runaway researchers to be eliminated. She just prefers to play the longer game and knows that allies are force multipliers.

There are several Mr. Johnsons who are moving in as Shiawase moves into the arcology. With a much larger presence, they need more runners, and more runners means more Johnsons. They’re all relatively new to the area, if not the game, and they’re all looking to take measures of the local talent. Who can you trust? We don’t know yet. Which ones will give you the real information and which ones expect you to fall on your sword? Who has the best data on missions? Who handles wetwork? You’re at the forefront of gathering this information—keep us posted.



- Information’s the most valuable resource we have. Spend it wisely.

**>** Icarus

Saeder-Krupp’s still in the mix. Beyond the infamous Mr. Brackhaus, one of the highest-ranking Mr. Johnsons when you get past the entry level is **Charles Schmidt** , a.k.a. the Thin Man. He’s refined, professional, and allows himself cigarettes as his only vice and classical music his only love. He’s all business and loathes anyone who isn’t. Bonus points if you can negotiate in German. Another prominent Johnson is **Emma Mueller** , and is about as different as you can imagine. Dwarven tubby, always laughing, hard drinker, known to dance on tables—she’s the life of a lot of parties. How she got ahead is a bit of a question, but the answer seems to be related to family connections (her dad is an absolutely brilliant actuary) and her own brains (push past the party image and you’ll find a razor-sharp mind). Schmidt handles the quiet missions, Mueller the loud ones.

Aztechnology’s a mixed bag. **Kenneth Johnson** is an all-American college football star out of Indiana, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, and a grinning cornfed farmboy who was dropping work for years when everybody thought he was working for Ares. Turns out he was an Azzie man in the end and all that gosh-darn innocence was just an act. He’s still good at the act, but now he’s letting a bit of edge flow through since he’s now a known asset. **Carmen Perez** , meanwhile, has always been open about her connection but has gotten softer over the past few years; she lost some family in the famine, and it seems to have shaken her a bit loose from the corporate mode.

- The switch from pantsuits to business skirts didn’t hurt either. Rawr!

- SeaTac Sweetie
