---
id: EC-0459
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Death Heads
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Death Heads

The Death Heads were the new kids on the block, relatively speaking, back in the ’70s, when they broke off from shadowrunning and smugALLIESgling to form a biker go-gang. Nowadays, their numbers are diminished, and Lone Star has taken a special interest in breaking the gang up, leading many prominent members to make careers in the shadows. Many more are locked away in prison, and with their protection rackets along the 520 freeway broken up, getting the funds to maintain their extraordinary hogs, let alone get their chummers out of slam, has made the gang all the more desperate.

you wonder if they’re arguing over the scraps, or if something has gone wrong(er) in one of the gangs.

**>** Borderline

- You’re all forgetting: Spider is experiencing a little bit of a schism, right now. There’s more than one way to be one of her shamans, and there’s a war behind the scenes for her followers.

- Praxis

- Are you suggesting Widow is compromised?

- Red

- Given the number of protected corp caravans using the 520 lately, it stands to reason that they’ve lost plenty of members to botched raids.

  - The paths to Hell are manifold, and rarely clear.

  - Many-Names

- Turbo Bunny

- Ah, but why has the 520 become such a valuable route for the big boys when they’ve traditionally used VTOLs to move supplies through the zone? Something’s up, and the Death Heads didn’t see it coming soon enough to get out of the way.

- Sounder

- The upshot for runners is that they’re hungry for cash and supplies, so if you need some heavy-hitters, smugglers, or smoke, they’re not a bad option if you’re willing to shell out, and there’s a little room to maneuver on the price.

- Red

- Just don’t give them that impression.

- Kia
