---
id: EC-0055
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Brackhaven Investments
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Brackhaven Investments

BI looks really, really bad right now. The ocean of scandal that got uncorked, leading to Governor Kenneth’s stepping down, has left a stink on the corp so bad its stocks are at an all-time low. They still get plenty of play with those who still have the misfortune of connection by contract (and human supremacy groups try to whatabout on their behalf all the time), but for those who are interested in maintaining good PR, the writing is on the wall, and the sinking ship only has rats left on board.

- I wouldn’t count them down and out by a long shot. They still have plenty of cash to draw on, and a cornered racist tends to become a violent one. Or more violent, as the case may be. They’ll be pulling out the shadow ops like crazy, especially metahuman ones on doomsday patsy jobs to get as much negative meta press as possible, just so they can say, “Look! See! We were right!” Ugh.

- Goat Foot

diplomacy runs, running from squatters and scavengers to gang leaders and the dragon herself. I’m happy to take my cut, and the danger seems reasonable to the pay, but has anyone got any ideas what they’re up to?

- Haze

- Microdeck got its start in Redmond. It took the Crash to move them, and it damn near killed them. Maybe they buy into Scholl’s urban renewal schtick?

- Pistons

- What, just now? Scholl has been on the scene too long for it to only just now be a good idea.

- Borderline

- Try again, folks. A little digging shows Microdeck subsidiaries and shells buying up defaulted and limbo property out there. And the twist? Some of it is partnered or leased with Crimson Wings. Keep an eye on Microdeck, because they’re making deals with dragons.

- Mr. Bonds

- Microdeck and Sony are making plays for some of the same property. There’s a tidy sum to be made if your fixers are on the ball, and both are known to pay premiums in gear instead of nuyen. It’s easier for them to move on the books.

- Pistons

- And both make decent starters if you’re going to turn them into something that really purrs.

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Slamm-0!

- I dunno. Word is out, and good fixers have their eyes open. BI has made a lot of enemies, and they don’t have the clout of AZT and the like. I’d say their days are numbered, at least in the public sector.

- Zippy

- Awwww, he’s talking like a dad!

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- Like Jack needs it …

- Netcat
