---
id: EC-0513
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Renton Neighborhood Watch
page: 167
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Renton Neighborhood Watch

Starting as a small civic group in 2071, the Neighborhood Watch organized nightly volunteer patrols in the Maplewood neighborhood. The idea caught on quickly, and within a year, a dozen separate groups were out making nightly patrols of their individual neighborhoods. In ’73, the separate watch groups joined together and formed the Renton Neighborhood Watch. Expansion continued outside of northwest Renton, with chapters forming in south, east, north, and central Renton. Today, under the leadership of Commander Vinnie Tudroe, “the Hero of ’76,” the core of the Watch is still in northwest Renton. Most teams operate

on foot in the neighborhoods they live in and generally keep an eye out for anyone who doesn’t belong, calling in the authorities if they see anything suspicious. More often than not it means stopping and hassling anyone they don’t recognize as a local resident.

- You never know what you are going to get with the Renton Neighborhood Watch in Maplewood. If you’re in this area at night and you don’t happen to be human, keep an eye out for them. A mixed-metarace patrol may just want to know what you’re up to and then call in the Star if they don’t like the answer, but the all-human teams may just be a group of good ol’ Humanis members out looking for some metahuman hoop to kick for simply being an ork in the wrong place.

- Hard Exit
