---
id: EC-0619
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Politicos
page: 204
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Politicos

As a newly minted district, politics is rather foreign for many of the citizens of the Underground. Most saw politics as something the folks above played at, either increasing or decreasing the amount of trouble that found its way down below. There are a few key politicians down here who will be looking to shape the future as best they can against the big boys. This means small moves that need to be quiet to keep them from getting squashed.

First big mover is the top politician in the Underground, **Mayor Kathleen Shaard** . She took the popular vote after Prop 23 and blossomed as a fullon political bulldog when it came to getting her district what it needed. She’s looking for growth but not looking to sell out the entire district to the corps or the dragon. She’s going to have a rough time of it unless she can get some other smaller corps to work with her on getting more of the district up to snuff, but not refaced by Renraku.

**Gimli Harris** is known all over the district. He ran for mayor and he thought he was a shoe-in, but the long-standing unpleasantness between orks and dwarfs (which Gimli is) kept him out of office. It has not kept him from instead operating his own shadow-government with his connections among the dwarfs. Their numbers are growing, and Harris is using that to his advantage. His biggest advantage is actually the money and power they bring with them. His biggest disadvantage is that he thinks the dwarfs should run and own all of the Underground now that the ork prefix is gone.

- Gimli doesn’t operate solely in polite politics. Without making direct connections, other than aligned interests, Gimli has the Axegrinders, a dwarf supremacist group, at his beck and call. Or should I say, well-coded phrase. The Axegrinders are hard -ore and hate anyone who isn’t a dwarf. There is some unseen connection between Harris and these terrorists. It’s likely one of the people on his staff and almost has to be involved in his speech writing.

- Lyran

- The Sons of Sauron and the ORC (Ork Rights Committee) are constantly at odds with Harris and the Axegrinders. They’re a regular target for their speeches and hire runners on the regular to help their battle.

- Butch

Last up is a political scrapper who took the number two slot in the election, **Anton Burov** . He was heavily backed by Renraku, and most folks in the know realize getting that number two slot was all a result of Renraku’s SIN issuance. In fact, most people think Renraku just placed the votes for all their citizens in Burov’s name. The close race bolstered Burov’s popularity and allowed him toslide into the political game down here with confidence. He’s pushing a very pro-Renraku agenda but wants the residents to get onboard for positive reasons, rather than bribery or force.

- Burov still lost, but to him it felt like a win. He came off some political rough times over in Manhattan and needed a win. He’s a perfect example of how the megacorps play the game of local politics. He’s not a Renraku citizen or employee, but his campaign and personal charities get heavy contributions from the mega. He’s paid without getting directly paid. And that’s been politics for ages, but now the candidates don’t seem bought by a collection of corporate powers but instead are just puppets for one.

- Kay St. Irregular
