---
id: EC-0586
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Nagano Gumi
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nagano Gumi

The Nagano is the second-oldest _gumi_ in Tacoma, but they recently came under new management. Johnny Ohno (obviously not his birth name) was called in from the Kingdom of Hawai’i six years ago as an enforcer, personally dealing with a Mafia firebomber by hand, then sending a cheese pizza from Gianelli’s with a very unique meaty topping he’d added as a message that things either needed to end or there’d be escalation. He soon found himself the number two man in the family, and in late ’79, he became the new oyabun. He chose to keep the old family name, rather than naming it after himself, to reassure everyone that it wasn’t a takeover by an outsider but that he had truly joined the family; true or not, the ploy worked, and he’s been largely, if not entirely, accepted as the rightful heir ever since.

- Ohno’s human, but at 180 kilos, he’s just massive and has been known to overpower ork legbreakers. He wears cargo shorts and Hawai’ian shirts, laughs loud, and isn’t at all what you’d expect from the father of a Yakuza family.

- Sounder

The Nagano own the docks, which means that they smuggle goods, guns, and people. Goods come and go, usually common drugs since BTLs can be programmed locally, and are often common goods that are hiding from tariffs and import fees. Guns are exclusively pistols and blades (see Ivan, below), while human trafficking is the bedrock of the family business. The Nagano used to import heavily from the Philippines, but during the Ghost Decade, they drew from CalFree and Tsimshian. Philippine sources are starting to re-open, right as previous pipelines from MCT execs and Tsimshian locals have all but run out. The Nagano supply these imports to assorted hostess bars and brothels around the city, with a lucky few pushed toward work in music or acting, well aware of what fate befalls them if they fail.

- Unlike his previous boss, Ohno is a stickler for never sampling the merchandise, and he has made examples out of underbosses who do. Of course, he’s also capable of inflicting a whole lot of pain without leaving marks as a way of encouraging “new hires” to do as they’re told. Stay quiet, don’t cause trouble, and most of all obey, and you’ll actually get your fair share and can eventually buy your way out. It’s not a good life, but there are worse ones out there.

- Marionette
