---
id: EC-0060
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: 'SEATTLE BASICS - Posted by: PrimeSeattleite'
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SEATTLE BASICS

## Posted by: PrimeSeattleite

I’ll say more about this later, but let’s start with a simple fact: It is _not_ always raining here!

Okay, with that out of my system, I can move on in an orderly fashion and give an ’80s update to the city on the Sound. This intro is more of a travel brochure for the shadow inclined. I’ll keep it as fresh and interesting as possible, but you’ll get a few anecdotes along the way. First thing first, though: my street cred! Thirteen years a Fall City child, until my parents got a corp gig in Auburn, where I put in five more solar revolutions bouncing between corp life and my chums in the ’Lup. I managed a scholarship to U-Dub that I lost in a year because I couldn’t leave those barrens roots to die. Got a gig as a courier for Hand-2-Hand and toured every corner of the ’plex for a dime, during which time I got back into U-Dub and picked up a degree in urban planning and development along with a sweet realty license. I know this city from every angle and I’m proud to be one hundred percent Seattleite.

**>** For those not in the Seattle know, “Hand-2-Hand” is a shadowrunner cover business operated by the O’Malley Family. You get cover for when you’re in a questionable place, the family takes a little piece every time you use the cover service, and you get legit courier jobs every once in awhile for some extra spending cash.
