---
id: EC-0128
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Main Place Arcade
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Main Place Arcade

The Main Street Community and Shopping District is a foot-traffic-only area just outside of the exclusive Westlake micro-arcology. To quote Danchekker’s Primer, “The four-block area is filled with shops and boutiques designed to recall an older, friendlier era.” What that looks like on the ground is a rotating cast of shops with clever names like SweetHome, Talisman Clothing, Greenlife, Fulcrum Electronics, Talislegger Organics, and so on. Each of them is a front for the larger corporations they represent. The mall itself is a corporate lab for market and concept testing. As a result, itis the most heavily surveilled location in the Belle. Someone is always watching what you do here and adding it to their data. That being said, you will always find next-generation gear here.

- Horizon is deeply invested in Main Place Arcade. Among other projects they are interested in the concept of brand awareness. Specifically, they want to know what threads lead people back to Horizon proper. That includes keywords, colors, specific styles of dress, even the way a person moves. They want to build a brand that is reflected in a person’s every breath. They believe observing places such as this is the way to do it.

- Sunshine

- You won’t find signs on the door or in the AR that read “No Metas,” but the message is clear. The Nova Rich patrol this area heavily, engaging in “random acts of violence” that always seem to be directed at metas. The Westlake arcology that backs up against the mall itself is ninety-eight percent human, with the exception being the family of elves who own Diamanti Diamonds.

- Bull
