---
id: EC-0304
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Samson DiAngelo - President of the Green Alliance
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Samson DiAngelo

## President of the Green Alliance

For almost three decades, Samson DiAngelo was one of the most prolific eco-terrorists on the planet, responsible for the deaths of dozens and the destruction of millions of tons of property and equipment, all in the name of saving the planet. A shaman following an unknown totem/mentor spirit, he is wanted in at least ten countries across the globe for various crimes against metahumanity.



DiAngelo disappeared in 2076, only to reappear in 2081 in Seattle as leader of the new Green Alliance. With a new look and PR makeover, DiAngelo downplays his past and presents more of a corporate/eco-hippy type that is more in line with his current personal branding. He claims that his days of violence are over, and he now pursues more peaceful methods as he “works to reconnect to the planet he loves so much.” While many still criticize his past, his current actions of peaceful resolution combined with the excellent press given to him by the PR firm (and Horizon subsidiary) Marko and Holtz have caused his influence to rise on both social media and within certain political circles.

- For a while, DiAngelo was considered to be a toxic bent on avenging the planet by spilling “as much metahuman blood as Mother Earth required”. Not sure I buy the current version, too much of a 180 from the killer I used to know.

- Lyran

- I’d ask if it was possible that he’d really change, but I think I know what the answer will be.

- Treadle

- To be perfectly honest, as I said before, I don’t know. I did some of my own digging, and the change seems to be genuine. But the corporate influence worries me.

- Ecotrope

- Kill a bunch of people, no biggie. Get some corporate backing, and that’s where you draw the line?

- Netcat
