---
id: EC-0259
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Dining, Driving and Diving
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dining, Driving and Diving

There is a solid list of places to go for food and drink in the Top-o-the-Sprawl. If you are looking for solid restaurants with a solid reputation. **Ebey’s Bar in Exile** remains a staple to the people looking for local food and fare and maybe hanging with a shadowy type or three at an off-hour. **The Gravity Bar North** is perhaps the districts best dining, with a now expanded bar and patio overlooking the Sound, it continues to be the place to treat yourself.

- The Gravity Bar is itself a good runner’s hangout, and Vic is still around though he’s cooled his jets some after he got mageslapped by one of his clients correcting his etiquette last year.

- Kahn-A-Saur

**Danny’s Bar & Grill** has survived its changes, and many would-be vampire hunters continue to patronize it. It remains a good place for contacts into the activities and troubles of the Infected in Seattle.

- Danny’s current owners and clientele present a very real problem for many. They continue to interfere in the Infected Rights movement, especially ghouls. That isn’t going to end well.

- **>** Hannibelle



**Green Thumb** is the relative new kid as it were, having been finished in ’80. It overlooks the sharp bend in the Snohomish River, just east of I-5. Fair food, but a lot of blue-collar folks have started to search it out. Members of the local unions have also found it and enjoy using it for unwinding, especially since it’s a twenty-four-hour joint.

- Destiny Clark is the owner and manager of the Thumb, and a friend of the union locals and the blue-collar types. He’s an elf with a few strange habits, but between his own ’ware and skills, he gives the vibe of a seasoned runner veteran. We don’t know enough about his long-term history at this point.

- Dockhand #204

**Rikki’s Rathole** has survived mainly because it has become a mage-bar dive, as the book and lore store above it expanded its selling of a lot of earthbased telesma and reagents to the construction and clean-up happening around the district.

- Was anyone else at Rikki’s that week after the election results? I think literally every rat of every kind came into the bar. They were afraid of something. It passed, but something completely spooked them. Flambo won’t even talk about it now.

- **>** theMerlyner
