---
id: EC-0269
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Union Halls
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Union Halls

The strength of unions has taken a beating this century, but that doesn’t mean that they’re gone. The megacorporations have no interest in playing nice with these folks, but when Seattle went independent, not everyone got the memo declaring the BRA were back in full force. In Everett and Tacoma, this hit home hard. A lot of people were truly fed up with always having their work resources hijacked or stolen, dealing with messy and shoddy workmanship quality, responding to workplace violence erupting because of the influence of gangs and organized crime, and being constantly reminded that they do not have a voice in their workplace. The different labor unions started to take advantage of this in the last two years before the change, especially during the winding down of the Brackhaven era. Amid the heightened fears about jobs, housing security and escalating violence, new voices rose to be heard. Several longstanding unions found a new foothold. Membership swelled to historic heights in the last six months of ’81 in some districts. Shortly after this, the new infrastructure contractor, CityScapes, opened a new office in our emerald sprawl, electing to put roots down in Everett to take advantage of the times.

- It needs to be said that unions are not supported in all the districts. In some they are gutted almost completely.

- Pistons

In addition, amid the struggles between the syndicates regarding the various brothels serving the districts, and with losses in Janes, Jons, and Jans rising throughout the sprawl, a collective of prostitutes, entertainers, massage parlors and unaffiliated health spas united to form their own labor union: Callers and Walkers #1. Admittedly, it didn’t stop the vice lords from being involved, but now it meant that there was a self-empowered group with enough clout to hold their own on occasion.



- Way-back machine activated. Unions have had dwindling membership and many obstacles ever since the end of the twentieth century, but right before the Awakening they saw a bit of a growth trend that continued until just before the Night of Rage. Between that and Crash 1.0, everything kind of ground to a halt. Then, during Brackhaven’s terms, the unions began to see some climbing membership, in part due to the cronyism that flowed from the governor’s office. Sadly for the unions, the underhanded nature of some of their funding was discovered, and when that cash flow was cut, the unions lost both revenue and members. That had a ripple effect on the community, and Theodore Stimpson built on that in his mayoral campaign. It worked, and he cruised to a fifteen-point victory.

- Dockhand #204

**>** So, a quick rundown of the strongest four unions in Everett and their current presidents. Callers and Walkers (CWU #1): Tricia Amnjipoora, a Nartaki with skin the color of rose hips. She works the Lucky Londo Brothel in uptown. Carpenters Local (CLU #562): Brent D. Smithers is the ork in charge of this hall currently. He owns BP Smithers Faucet Works, located near Alderwood Mall. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW #191): Jonah Rambeau, a human with a strong sense of loyalty and a superhuman understanding of electricity. A few think he’s an adept of some sort, but I haven’t found any solid proof. International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU #22): Alva Bridger is the current president but has asked for a special election to replace him before his term is over due to cancer concerns.

- Gramius
