---
id: EC-0341
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

McNeil is trying to not only retain their separation from the mainland but also pull in more money while maintaining the safety and security necessary to keep islanders and the mainland protected from the island’s prison residents. They have a big focus on prison growth and taking on more medium-security and minimum-security inmates. Expansion of the Annex and the main facility are both in progress, with the prisoners performing the bulk of the labor. In exchange for the work, inmates earn time off their sentence.

- Construction sites are common locations for prison breaks. The number of workers and the need for some level of freedom of movement makes it a decent window. Problem is, many of the inmates on those details never realize they’re swallowing tracking nanites or RFIDs with the water they drink on breaks. Sneaky Tin Stars!

**>** Black Knight

The work time off and the work the inmates do for, and with, the Annex is totaled and calculated on March 1. This date has become a big deal inside the Annex, as it often reveals who will be getting out in the big spring release. This release is held May 1 along with a rather large party to celebrate the inmates who have been successfully “rehabilitated.” It’s a farce for the screamsheets to make Lone Star look good as it became a big thing after Knight Errant took over the city contract. I imagine now that LSSS is back as the cops, this party might become a thing of the past.

- The prison is a major drekshow between March 1 and May 1. A lot of inmates who get release clearances never say anything because their fellow inmates are usually bitter. There are more incidents that cost prisoners to lose good time in those two months than in the other ten months of the year combined— sometimes at the behest of guards looking for payback.

- Stone

The only regular tradition McNeil has is the McNeil Regatta, often referred to as the Reflection Regatta, because it starts and ends in Still Harbor in Reflection. Boats from around the region come down to compete or just sail on display as they circle the island. Inside the prison, betting goes on between the inmates, and sometimes includes the guards. Last year, the Annex competed in the regatta for the first time and managed sixth place overall and first in their division. They built their boat as part of a work project and crewed it entirely with inmates. They were heavily monitored by drones, but no one was looking to escape, as all of the Annex inmates on the sailing crew were set for release in the spring.

**>** This is going to go bad at some point. Someone will use it as a chance to escape or use one of the hundred or so practice days they have in order to slip away.

**>** Sounder
