---
id: EC-0256
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Snohomie Run
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Snohomie Run

As most of us are aware of, the entire northern head of Everett is surrounded by water. With Possession Bay to the west and the Snohomish River making it around across the top and down the eastern border for a bit until it turns harder east then southeast to meet Snohomish District. Yes, it’s a border with the NAN, but with everyone playing pick-up, it opened an opportunity for a specific smugglers route. Truth be told, the First Nations, along with friendly coyotes, took the lead on this one, dealing with the Cascade Orks. When the land purchase of the hump where the Snohomish River splits to form the Union Slough and the Lower Snohomish around Spencer Island Preserve went through, a lot of heads turned.

This sparked off a real Snohomie Run. It’s a relatively short but intense bolt following the river basin into Snohomish before turning east and following the passes beyond Monroe and Sultan, then beyond Gold Bar and Baring. This run serves the Cascade Orks,cwho still do not like to deal with taxes, port fees, or anything else. Its course goes right through the S-SC Customs and Border District, but many small-bird jockeys and even a few individual carriers call that path “invigorating.” I believe it’s crazy to hear the screams or pulses of _Ventures_ and _Demons_ blitzing wildly along the river’s course, but it is fun to watch.

- A part of the Snohomie Run is being used as a racecourse for the Whips Drone Racing league, a two-day event planned to take place annually in late May. IIN just included it on their evening news blurbs for local events. It’ll start at the business park on 41[st] street and head south past the Green Thumb, where it turns east and runs all the way to just shy of Ingersoll’s Fosters Slough facility (they are one of the sponsors). A barge will be stationed at the end, with a bunch of relay drones along the course to ensure the operators can stay in control the whole way.

- **>** Khan-A-Saur

- Word is Alex over at the Shangri-La is hoping the drone league can be worked up to a close second to Super Brawl Sunday in terms of gambling returns. They have a long way to go.

- Slamm-0!
