---
id: EC-0504
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Auburn Mall (Christopher)
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Auburn Mall (Christopher)

This three-floor shopping mall has traditionally catered to the lower end of the middle class and is starting to show its age. Some of the more popular chain stores began moving out a few yearsago, contributing to the perceived downward spiral, but the open space turned out to be a blessing in disguise. The management was forced to search out new clients and leased space to a variety of niche and specialty stores. Do-it-yourself Matrix equipment, magical lore and supplies, collectible retro-media, Penley’s (the best source for a decent suit, especially for ork-sized people), and even a new sports café have all opened and done well.

- BBC Weapon Works moved into the mall when Weapons World pulled out last year. Momma Dot is making a killing with the new high-traffic location.

- Khan-A-Saur

- And just in case you don’t already know, the Auburn Body+Tech will “misfile” the paperwork on implants for an additional thirty percent of the cost. The local Yakuza all get their off-the-books work done here.

- Butch

- There’s another bodyshop by the south entrance—Auburn Enhancements, which can’t handle alpha-grade work, but features more entry-level parts. Notably, they have an old filing system that sometimes “forgets” data that was entered in, allowing space for someone who wants a little less attention to work done on the lowdown.

- SeaTac Sweetie

- Yakuza-owned.

- Marionette

- The newest addition to the food court, Rickey’s Ratburgers, caused a bit of a scandal when it was first announced. Rickey’s from the Underground, and he opened a shop targeting the orks who’d moved up when he did to give them a slice of “home cooking,” but health code issues hit him hard. He had to switch to SoyRat, and he still hasn’t got the taste right. Close enough for young ones who want to give it a try, and the rest of his offerings? Excellent stuff. His grey gravy is to die for, and you can dip about anything into it and it works, while his “Side o’ Shroom” takes me back.

- Turbo Bunny
