---
id: EC-0069
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: XGuide Basic Ground Travel Times
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## XGuide Basic Ground Travel Times

**==> picture [493 x 235] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
COUNCIL<br>DOWNTOWN OUTREMER BELLEVUE SNOHOMISH REDMOND RENTON EVERETT AUBURN TACOMA FORT LEWIS PUYALLUP<br>ISLAND<br>DOWNTOWN 0 40 minutes 20 minutes 40 minutes 20 minutes 80 minutes 60 minutes 80 minutes 80 minutes 80 minutes 120 minutes 120 minutes<br>OUTREMER 40 minutes 0 60 minutes 80 minutes 60 minutes 120 minutes 100 minutes 120 minutes 120 minutes 120 minutes 160 minutes 160 minutes<br>COUNCIL<br>20 minutes 60 minutes 0 20 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 60 minutes 60 minutes 60 minutes 120 minutes 120 minutes<br>ISLAND<br>BELLEVUE 40 minutes 80 minutes 20 minutes 0 20 minutes 40 minutes 20 minutes 40 minutes 50 minutes 60 minutes 100 minutes 100 minutes<br>SNOHOMISH 20 minutes 60 minutes 40 minutes 20 minutes 0 40 minutes 40 minutes 20 minutes 120 minutes 130 minutes 160 minutes 160 minutes<br>REDMOND 80 minutes 120 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 0 30 minutes 40 minutes 60 minutes 70 minutes 100 minutes 100 minutes<br>RENTON 60 minutes 100 minutes 40 minutes 20 minutes 40 minutes 30 minutes 0 60 minutes 30 minutes 30 minutes 70 minutes 70 minutes<br>EVERETT 80 minutes 120 minutes 60 minutes 40 minutes 20 minutes 40 minutes 60 minutes 0 120 minutes 140 minutes 180 minutes 180 minutes<br>AUBURN 80 minutes 120 minutes 60 minutes 50 minutes 120 minutes 60 minutes 30 minutes 120 minutes 0 20 minutes 60 minutes 40 minutes<br>TACOMA 80 minutes 120 minutes 60 minutes 60 minutes 130 minutes 70 minutes 30 minutes 140 minutes 20 minutes 0 40 minutes 40 minutes<br>FORT LEWIS 120 minutes 160 minutes 120 minutes 100 minutes 160 minutes 100 minutes 70 minutes 180 minutes 60 minutes 40 minutes 0 30 minutes<br>PUYALLUP 120 minutes 160 minutes 120 minutes 100 minutes 160 minutes 100 minutes 70 minutes 180 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 30 minutes 0<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



If you don’t have your own wheels, you can always utilize the vast system of public transportation that goes all over the city, operated by the Metro Transit Company. Around the heart of Downtown and down to Sea-Tac, you can ride the aboveground monorail. It has major stops at King Street Station, Seattle Center, and the Shiawase Arcology, with lesser stops dotting the route of the loop. Seattle doesn’t have a subway, but they have a bus system that covers the entire metroplex, including the barrens. The barrens buses are not, however, exactly the same as the Downtown models—they look more like armored transports, and to transfer to them at the edge of the barrens. Redmond has a station in Touristville, south near Issaquah, and north near Maltby. Those are the only stations available for transfers to head into Redmond or catch a transfer once you get out. Puyallup has Parkland, Summit, and Bonney Lake stations for transfers, depending on which way you’re leaving the lava-flat slums.

If you need something a little more personal but not quite private, you can take advantage of the various cab services. Emerald City Cabs and Yellow Cabs operate throughout the sprawl, and you can always find a Jitnee ride share. The level of mental stability your driver possesses determines exactly where they’ll drive you—well, that and the balance on your credstick. If you want a less personal system, hop in a GridCab. They’re autopilot controlled and guided via GPS. They don’t have any limits on where they’ll take you, but prices for heading into the barrens are pretty steep. You can also get a limo service run to or from the airport, but I don’t know many runners who ride in limos. Then again, this isn’t always about what runners do, but instead knowing what a target may do.

For the last level of personal ground transport without owning a car yourself, you always have KeyCar. For those not familiar, it’s a subscription service you pay for by the year, and then pay as you use it. The cars are registered and tracked, but at least you have a little more freedom in their use. Rates vary by the model of the car.
