---
id: EC-0582
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "Allies and Enemies - \u201CDonnie\u201D"
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies

## “Donnie”

If you’ve been working in Tacoma over the past couple of years, you may have encountered or at the very least heard of Donnie. He’s something of an emerging urban legend, and no one really knows who or perhaps what Donnie is. Sometime around spring of 2079, rumors and whispers started to circulate in Tacoma about a “large individual wearing a dark trench coat, worker coveralls, and a baseball cap.” And depending on who you asked; Donnie was either a blessing or a curse.

At times Donnie seemed to be something of a guardian angel, protecting any innocent civilians caught in the crossfire of your typical Saturday night firefight between runners, gangs, assorted criminals, the corps, the law, or any combination thereof, with Donnie getting in between stray bullets and shielding people from deadly crossfire. More than a few accounts say that Donnie has also gone out of his way to attack anyone packing obvious firepower, even before they employ it. And it doesn’t matter who it is. Pull a gun around Donnie and watch how fast things go south.

- I can attest to that. Run in Tacoma three months back, firefight with corp sec, yadda yadda. We break out of the corp compound onto the general street, and out of nowhere this slag as described above just slams into the corp goons like a crazed hockey player, taking several MG rounds in the process, which did exactly zero to him. We’re obviously grateful right up until he goes after Buster, who was about to lay down some cover fire. Even with modern augs and magic, it’s not easy to toss a fully grown and armored troll into an armored van like this Donnie did. But after that, the firing stopped and whoever this was just … walked away. And after that display, we didn’t object.

- DangerSensei

When not playing meat-shield, Donnie has also been known to play Good Samaritan, helping people out with minor things such as holding open doors or giving a hungry SINless a nutri-soy bar. The one common factor to all this is that the people Donnie helps tend to be working-class types, or at least look like it. One account says that Donnie prevented a mother wearing her work uniform from going down the wrong street, seconds before gunfire erupted. When she tried asking for aname, Donnie supposedly replied “I’m just another working slag” and walked away.

- He’s also got one of the strongest bonds with his mentor spirit that I’ve ever seen.

**>** Lyran

- Great, another chromed-out psycho with a vigilante complex.

- Haze

- Maybe. But a chummer of mine saw someone who looked like this Donnie slag and tried to assense him, but they said something was odd with the aura.

- Sounder

- Keep Seattle weird …

- Lyran
