---
id: EC-0370
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Graham Cracker City
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Graham Cracker City

Originally Graham, this city used to be a quiet rural neighborhood with moose watching and wine drinking as the main occupations. Then the Resource Rush cash flow urbanized the place with fancy glamping stations, a few condos to watch Mt. Rainier, and a lot of local wines. Then you got the whole apocalyptic view of Mt. Rainier from one of those condos as the pyroclastic cloud just missed the town. Eventually, fires and ash choked out the grapevines, and much of what attracted the tourists was lost. Desperation turned to the criminal elements of Seattle. The Yakuza was more than willing to finance. Bunraku parlors, mystical drugs from the east, and various gambling houses filled in the spaces. It was a popular stop from Downtown to get a little dirty over the weekend. Then the Cracker crumbled. A good jolt happened over the weekend in 2043, and either a methane pocket or gas leak sparked and Meridian Ave E in the middle of Graham Cracker City popped open, damaging all the fronts downtown. With no Yakuza to respond (due to the purge), gangs descended with various chem labs and bio-plants, taking advantage of what remained of Graham Cracker’s city infrastructure and Yakuza inventory. It’s been a crazy town of designer drugs ever since.

black stone and surrounded by pockets of boiling mud and ash wastes. A few corporations built commercial structures out on the field in the early 2020s, drilling into the ground to tap into the recent geothermic properties to sell power to Seattle. Of course, the Crash of ’29 wiped them all out. This collection of rusting generators and concrete skeletons are now known as Hell’s Kitchen. There are no permanent residents, but seasonal camps and waystations are here along with a helicopter pad from Hell’s Kitchen Tours and Ashland Air Services. Besides the thrill-seekers, you have shamans looking for telesma and mineral prospectors coming here at various times of the year. In the winter, the old thermal stacks still belch out steam, attracting wildlife to the snow-free grasses and moss in the pockets of crumbling stone.
