---
id: EC-0474
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Olympic City Problem
page: 157
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Olympic City Problem

After the sale of the ACHE to Shiawase, the metroplex government had to relocate the majority of one hundred thousand residents somewhere. The SINless were dumped out on the streets of Redmond and Puyallup and left to fend for themselves, but the thousands of indigent SINners were not so easy to deal with. Some genius in city hall remembered the metroplex owning an empty highrise housing complex out on the edge of the sprawl and thought reopening it would be a perfect solution. Contractors were sent out to the old Olympic City complex to get the power and water back on and found out it wasn’t deserted after all. SINless families of orks driven out of the Underground have been relocating there for years and have been jury-rigging the utilities since they moved in.

The response was predictable and sudden. The Metroplex Armed Forces were used to clear the complex, driving the squatters out of the housing units and into the other nearby abandoned structures or across I-90 into Redmond. Government contractors came in to set up things for the new residents, and the mostly human SINners started arriving soon after. Despite the government’s attempts to keep the incident quiet, news leaked out about the heavy-handed tactics almost immediately, and public outcry forced a withdrawal of the Armed Forces. As you could guess, many of the SINless orks were less than happy about being driven from their homes a second time and started organizing retaliation before the Armed Forces withdrew.

Guerrilla-warfare-style attacks on the complex’s infrastructure are ongoing, and some direct attacks on the new residents are taking place. Unwilling to take a second public relations hit, the Metroplex has decided to employ private security and quietly recruit shadow assets to defend the place, fighting back against the displaced and angry former residents. Of course, the orks are also busy recruiting shadowrunners to their cause, and the entire situation is quickly becoming a proxy war being fought in the shadows.
