---
id: EC-0192
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Grand Council Lodge
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grand Council Lodge

It’s like a city hall, and it looks like it. This place is beautifully constructed and blends with the natural scenery around it. It’s the seat of power on the island for the NAN, and in particular it’s a base of operations the Salish-Shidhe ambassador operates from. The lobby features art from several tribes and AR documentaries to offer insight into local history and culture, while the upstairs offices reflect the tribal affiliates of their occupants.

- Hackers often hit the AR setup in order to upload more graphic and realistic versions of history. It’s a test of skill and subtlety to get past security both physically and on the Matrix.

- Netcat

At the moment, the role of ambassador is being played by Caylin Sixfeathers. It’s a temporary assignment as they await an official change after the attempted assassination of her former boss. The decision to back Seattle independence was not universally positive. She handles business with diplomats far and near as well as managing the dayto-day business of the lodge. This place is a regular run target, as they’re at the heart of NAN/Seattle/ UCAS relations, but the security in the place is no joke. It’s subtle and well-hidden, but they subdue with maximum force and efficiency. Have a good hacker handy to spoof the RFID tags they issue with their badges, because if you take a wrong turn, they come to investigate.

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- Having no badge is just as bad, and they’ll also look into badges that sit still for too long. They monitor everything constantly. The staff is trained to spot signs of magic as well. They may not be able to see you with that spell up, but they can see how you interact with the world around you.

- Lyran
