---
id: EC-0554
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: "> Hard Exit - > Basil\u2019s Faulty Ba r"
page: 184
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Hard Exit

## > **Basil’s Faulty Ba** r

The thing about middle class is that it’s within spitting distance of the rich and the poor alike, and while there is an overall sense of security in livelihood about Tacoma, no one goes without the tangible sense of potential rise or fall because of that proximity. Some of it leeches from above and below, and the mix is a heady concoction of ambition, fear, and distraction.

On the surface, and as far as the average citizen of the so-called City of Destiny is concerned, the distraction reigns supreme. Lone Star isn’t called in for legbreaker duty or union busting, so the average street cop has a fair rep here. The real indicator of safety is how much the mobs have their dander up, but again, the patina of peace is maintained to keep from attracting higher attention, which can benefit the workday types. Tacoma gets to profit from being a travel hub by land and sea, meaning there’s some thriving tourism, and everyone gets in on the cultural festivals you see all over. Not a month goes by without at least one parade, and usually far more, come rare sunshine or acid rain. There’s some authenticity to them as, aside from Shiawase and F-B, most are neighborhood organized. The Chinese New Year is a fireworks extravaganza on the street level, while Russian Labor Day is a local favorite, where everyone is toasting a tall one with “Мир, труд, май!” (Peace, Labor, May!) regardless of their own heritage. The Remembrance Festival for the Night of Rage is a big draw for MOM and the Ork Underground, naturally, with a dual emphasis on solemn reflection for those lost as well as a joyous cultural celebrations of progress and

This ain’t a place that stands out to the average Joe, which is exactly the point. A working “retirement” for owner Abe Heep, better known in the shadows as Tangent, it’s where those in the know reach out to him for his extraordinary talents as an infobroker and matchmaker for shadowtalent. Abe’s been talking about retirement for so long no one buys it anymore, but then, Tangent was canny enough to make it this far, meaning it could finally be true as he reaches real old age. Still, the old fox is said to have so much blackmail info on a deadman’s switch that no one will touch him. He’s proof that knowledge is power and discretion is the secret to a long life.

> Fianchetto
