---
id: EC-0346
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies

The thing about elves is they get that subtle extension on the norm life span and suddenly they lock themselves into a niche and no one can pry them out. That’s **Phoenix** . Phoenix Arms is still making custom arms and ammo for collectors and discerning killers around the globe. He’s a resource for non-custom kit as well, since he knows arms dealers on every continent. He also has enemies in the same quantities and uses the added security of being in the “aura” of McNeil as protection. His home and shop are actually on Gertrude Island in Still Harbor, but he brings that home, a houseboat, over to Reflection frequently enough where he holds meetings and ships packages.

- The Sea Dragon has made a few visits to that island and obviously met with Phoenix, as he’s the only resident. What they’re discussing is anyone’s guess, but it certainly isn’t the current state of dragon/elf relations.

- Ire

Someone needs to provide vices to the cops on this island, and who better than the mob? **Nick “The Surgeon” Sasso** gladly operates the crime scene on McNeil for the O’Malleys. He provides

- The bosses are looking the other way because the Surgeon has lost a lot of support from the mainland outfits. They suspect he’s skimming or something because of how well he does, but they’re in for a rude awakening if he loses his spot and his razor-edge efficiency is taken out of the equation.

- Glitch

Warden **Aasin Ricks** has been a McNeilian for more than twenty years. He came to work at the MCC as a green youth of only eighteen after a judge gave him the choice: work at the prison or go inside. His family was connected, and they pulled strings that put them (and him) in debt to the mob for good. He spent four years handling the Matrix traffic before he got cleared for guard detail.

The rest is history. He shot up the ranks through quick thinking and exploiting the right connections. He’s now in charge of the whole MCC, main and Annex. He’s generally a straight shooter, but every once in a while, the family needs something done, and he makes it happen.

- A few years back, an old head by the name of Setter suddenly found his way back to the street. Everything that happened with him, happened because Ricks made it happen.

- Ire
