---
id: EC-0193
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Council Island Inn
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Council Island Inn

_“Luxury accommodations on the shores of Council Island.”_

This place is a bit elitist due to the limited number of rooms left once all the diplomats and dignitaries have been accommodated. Many times each year, those are the only guests of the inn, and this makes this place a huge target for runners looking to eavesdrop on the conversations going on inside and outside the hallowed walls of the formal buildings. Sitting back for drinks at the bar or hosting private guests in your suite are common occurrences, and plenty of deals are made here before being finalized in the official spaces.

All these important people create a huge security risk, and the security for the hotel (which is top notch) and the security contractors and bodyguards keeping an eye on their employers make life extremely difficult for any runner who can’t fit in. They’re not timid, and they won’t stop harassing anyone who doesn’t fit in, with their preferred tactic being following “suspicious” people around incessantly. That’s not to say the place doesn’t have some security gaps. The biggest gap is the staff. It’s a hotel, and they don’t pay well, so the staff is often glad to take a little extra nuyen on the side to “lose” their keys for a brief time or ignore the person following them through a secure door.

- The rumors of an underground egress still float around, and most runners familiar with the inn know the access points, but they’re only useful if you can get past security. Security watches everyone both entering and exiting the hotel because they know problems go both ways.

- Mika

The location and construction is remarkable. Located on the northern tip of the island the inn is constructed to blend in with the shoreline at its base and the water-facing facia blends with the tree line around it. It’s only three stories (the limit for most CI construction), but it wraps the small outcropping at this northern tip of the island, with its ends resting against the drop for the island tunnel. The outer rooms offer views of Downtown to the west and Bellevue to the east. Rooms on the interior offer a spectacular forest view, as the surrounding trees make the whole place look like it’s sitting in the center of a dense forest rather than above a major highway. As it sits where the highway dips

below ground, it helps promote the island’s side access points. The I-90 only lets people off into the embassy district to the south. The land north is as private and privileged as it comes.

- The Koshari runs the entertainment trade for the inn. If you have connections, you can get clearance to hang out nearby as a “security consultant” for their entertainers. You can’t follow them in, but at least you have a reason to be there.

- Stone
