---
id: EC-0289
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: 'The Vory v Zakone: Opening Markets by Force'
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vory v Zakone: Opening Markets by Force

While the Mafia and Triads have made their own inroads into the new Seattle arms and smuggling rackets, neither can compete with the Vory and their affiliated associates within Fort Lewis on the red item/smuggling front. Currently, the Vory control the majority of the smuggling and red item dealing being done within Fort Lewis and apparently the greater Seattle Metroplex.

It’s unclear how the Vory learned about the red items (reports indicate payoffs and deals with disgruntled UCAS troopers and officers) let alone how they were able to organize so quickly and efficiently to procure so many. No sooner had the last UCAS transport lifted off the tarmac at McChord Airfield

- Wasn’t only mercs—a lot of shadow talent was pulled in too. The Vory sweetened the deal by offering jobs and bounties to runners and teams with beefs against the Triads, then giving them a nice heavy cut of the loot as partial payment.

- Bull

Now that the situation has (mostly) stabilized, the Vory have consolidated their black-market holdings. Because of this consolidation, it’s currently near-impossible to do any red item and regular arms-related business within Fort Lewis (and to a lesser degree throughout the Metroplex) without Vory approval, making them the de facto leaders in the Seattle arms market.

This is also a situation the Vory are willing to violently defend.

**>** More on the current Vory leadership later in the file.

**>** Kraken
