---
id: EC-0237
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Paparazzi
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Paparazzi

They say that sunlight is the best disinfectant. I’m not sure if that’s true, but I _do_ know that a bunch of flashbulbs make shadows go away. The number or cameras in downtown is _staggering_ , and your team decker’s going to be pushed to their limit trying to keep you off of security cams, law-enforcement sweeps, and basic entry/exit cams at every turn, but you can’t hack the human element. And in downtown? The press is _everywhere_ . All the city’s movers and shakers are here, after all, leading to a gaggle of photographers who always flutter around the glitterati. On top of that, you get nosy reporters asking questions, muckrakers doing real reporting, and, of course, sleazy tabloid “journalists” looking for all kinds of stories, even if they’re not technically true. If you’re in downtown, you’re going to get your face on camera, and you may well get your voice on mic. That’s a terrible thing for most of us, so be prepared and remember—any interaction with a reporter is considered to be recorded and on the record unless they tell you otherwise. Privacy? Pfft!

- A subset of these parasites are cool hunters, corporate types who sniff around at all hours of the day and night. They know what’s hot now, and they prepared for what’ll be hot tomorrow, but they’re trying to find what’ll be hot next week, and all too often? That’s shadowrunners. They grab our style, they steal our slang, and they’re always, always, always watching. They don’t follow a fixer’s rules of feigned ignorance and the overall shadowgame … they need to know what your real name is, your SIN, and where to find you so they can hit you up for details before anyone else can. They never forget a face, so once you’re in one’s crosshairs, you’re in trouble.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- Oh pish posh. We’re not all bad. We’re just looking to make a living, same as anyone else, and we don’t want to hurt our resources, now do we? We value you! You bring us new trends,

ALLIESwe figure out which ones will make the most money, and then we shoo you off until we need the next big thing. Why kill the golden goose?

**>** Dr. Spin

- I keep my pockets full of rocks to deal with you.

- Hard Exit

- Wait, I thought doctors were vulnerable to apples?

- Stone
