---
id: EC-0281
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The New Army
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The New Army

- Before we get too far into this part, I want to say this: I will **not** be talking classified data or hard numbers in regard to the SMAF’s strengths/weaknesses or things such as troop/unit dispositions or TO&Es. The deal I made was for an overview of the district, not for any specific OpSec or strategic data that could jeopardize the SMAF forces or Seattle in general. Get that drek on your own time and ’yen.

**>** Kraken

- Why do we always get the bleeding hearts here?

**>** Clockwork

While Everett is HQ for the naval branch of the SMAF, Fort Lewis is home and HQ to the new Army (which includes the Army Air Forces that operate out of McChord Airfield). It’s also the main communications/command-and-control center for the entire SMAF; all branches have at least some presence in Fort Lewis, even if it’s simply admin offices or training units. In addition to the C&C center (known as SEATCOM), the Army maintains smaller bases, staging areas, and logistics depots for the various ground and air units; each fully capable of operating independently if necessary during an attack or incident.



However, only approximately sixty percent of the current armed forces are considered “regular.” In order to swiftly fulfill manpower and materiel needs, the new Seattle Government approached the International Mercenary Association, which in turn assisted with the contracting of several mercenary units and scores of individual contractors. To “further assist with mercenary-government relations,” the IMA also set up a regional office within Fort Lewis. While the current command sees no difference between regular and mercenary forces on an operational level, most mercenary units are still assigned to auxiliary defensive posts and stations throughout the Metroplex.

- The IMA’s decision to move in also created a business boon for Seattle, as it’s now another mercenary hub for those working the western part of North America and the Pacific-Asian theaters. And one thing that mercs bring to any location is nuyen.

- Picador
