---
id: EC-0432
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Vibe
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vibe

It’s always dark. Even the light only serves to deepen the shadows cast by urban decay and neglect. Trash piles in the streets, and not a block is free of a barrel fire or a bullet hole. The Stuffer Shacks have double-armored glass, and the coffin motels smell like solvent and the blood it failed to wash away. The devil rats aren’t afraid of a Ghostdamned thing, the cops don’t get out of their cars (assuming they make a drive through at all), and the go-gangs are revving and whooping at all hours.

The folks who live here in the neighborhood that defined Z-Zones rarely have a functional roof. Electricity, plumbing, and Matrix access are jury-rigged or outright stolen, and dumpster diving is a time-honored activity for both the residents and the enterprising scrapers of the region. Time was, they’d sneak into Bellevue and take what they could get, selling, trading, or keeping what they got to keep the Barrens going. Bellevue’s answer? A nice, big wall cutting the worst sections off from the nice, honest SINners. Most of the nicer wreckage you find here today is courtesy of the luxury district twenty years ago, lending a lot of spots a kind of baroque, decayed elegance. Y’know, if you squint really hard.

That’s another thing. Redmond has very, very few registered SINners. The dispossessed end up here, rejects and ruffians and refugees, relegated to the garbage-heap ruin that makes up most of the region. Most folks here are squatters, at best, and education is a rarity for those who have the time and inclination. Between eating out of trash cans and living in the vicinity of a melted-down nuclear reactor, lifespans frequently don’t surpass the twenties.

Redmond isn’t _all_ bad, necessarily. There’s Touristville, where the rich come to slum in a kind of

parody of poverty, with smoky casinos, strip clubs, bunraku parlors, and all the BTLs and booze and designer chems they can afford. Here, it’s all about the neon, whether physical or AR, and the semifaux mixture of the decrepit and the decadent. The point is to make rich people feel like they’re being adventurous without putting them in any actual risk, which makes it more like a Redmond theme park than authentically Redmond. It’s all run by the syndicates, so while crime is just as prevalent as anywhere, it’s more a commodity for sale than a risk around every corner, so long as you follow the rules and pay all your tabs promptly.

Literally none of the revenue goes into the neighborhood, and Touristville might as well be its own separate district for all that its residents care. They aren’t welcome, and they aren’t looking to be. Whatever parody of government is in power this month, it’s the gangs and the gun that rule Redmond, and for some, they wouldn’t have it any other way. The Stars only patrol a few neighborhoods, and it’s really just to fulfill their contractual obligations, as Redmond is technically part of their jurisdiction. That makes a lot of it an E-Zone, at least on paper. Touristville technically makes C, but again, it’s the Mob calling the shots, there, and those cops enjoy plenty of bribes and perks to turn a blind eye to rampant, genteel subversions of city ordinances (in other words, most Stars consider it a pretty cherry assignment). E-Zones get drive-bys to make a show of force, more a deterrent of presence than any actual effort to prevent or solve crimes. The only time this changes is when some heinous criminal goes to ground in the Barrens, and then they come in force. If the victim is from Redmond, you’re not getting any help. If the victim wasn’t from Redmond, you better get out of help’s way.

The other end of this is the Funhouse (though those looking to legitimize it are calling it the Crimson Triangle, or just the Triangle), ruled by the western dragon Urubia. This six-building region has been renovated into what might constitute a faux arcology, self-sufficient and well-guarded. The occupants are treated well, by all accounts, with jobs, education, health care, and no small degree of entertainment. It almost feels like it’s not a part of Redmond, yet represents something built out of the ruins of it, a surreal feel of rebirth that hasn’t forgotten its roots but rather cultivated them into something with that impossible ingredient: hope.
