---
id: EC-0532
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Hotspots The Coliseum
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspots The Coliseum

Classic forms of entertainment never lose their appeal, and who doesn’t enjoy a good physical contest combined with some wagering? Here you can get both, and the variety of physical contests is quite extreme. Now, due to a number of extremely archaic laws, this place does not always operate with the full blessing of the law, but most nights, there are enough cops in the place that they offer fair warning as to whether a raid may or may not be on the way.

Once you’re here, you can enjoy battles across several arenas. The highlight and centerpiece of the Coliseum is the octagon, but they’ve expanded their operations into virtual battles where some of Snohomish’s best deckers show out-of-towners that Snohomish isn’t some no-good backwater. Guests can watch in AR as the hackers duel with their flashiest programs or go for the full VR experience and log directly into your favorite fighter’s stream to get right up in the action. For a rush worth every cent of the premium charge, you can ride along in hot-sim as well, betting a little pain along with your nuyen in hopes of getting the win. Twice a month, a special opportunity usually emerges that offers access to a third arena: the astral plane. Two shamans, “former” shadowrunners known as Romulus and Remus, utilize their talents to provide a window to the astral plane, and bettors get to lay down their corporeal cash on ethereal entities. Spirit battles, mage duels, and dual-natured critters in the octagon are big draws that usually lure in high-profile guests, which usually draws in all manner of interesting onlookers.
**==> picture [149 x 21] intentionally omitted \<==**
**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SNOHOMISH // HOTSPOTS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Most of those deckers are plants. Snohomish is a backwater.

- Slamm-0!

- The money from grabbing contestants of all shapes and sizes is good—if you can get the contracts and tolerate the stink of metahate. Ask around for Barnum if you’re looking to get into that gig. Make sure to send in a roundear, or you aren’t getting the contract and very well could end up in the octagon for the next fight.

arms. While their early arrival and expansion were full of struggles thanks to the dirty tactics used by their Aztlan rivals, with the support of true Snohomishites they were able to settle in and bring their pure farming techniques to our bountiful soils. Be sure to take the tours offered at several of their facilities. I recommend the Riverbend and Bothell facilities if you’re short on time, but spending a weekend in the area and checking out all eight of the offered tours is an unforgettable way to spend a weekend.

- The more I read, the more I appreciate the use of this author. NatVat has eight facilities where you can tour the grounds—well, a small portion of the grounds that they sculpt to create some image of green farming or aquaculture. They have at least another sixteen sites but also have a smattering of high-security facilities or high-security portions of their facilities. Riverbend has a genelab in a small subterranean aquacology they built along the riverbank.

- Ecotope

- They provide a lot of money and employment to Snohomish, and the locals don’t like them being messed with, but NatVat has way too many projects with solid paydata going on here to stay away. Just be extra wary—NatVat security, Lone Star, and local thugs are going to be gunning for you if the drek hits the fan. It’s also good to remember those local thugs are a nosey lot if you’re sniffing around near a site.

- Mika

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Stone

- I’d like to see them try.

- 2XL

- No, you wouldn’t. To become part of this place’s special security detail, known as the Hunters, you need to have bagged a behemoth. And while I know all the tough trolls out there don’t want their egos bruised, they aren’t as tough as a behemoth.

- Stone

- Corse is the head of the Hunters. Rumors have him putting down a juggernaut with his custom Phoenix Arms rifle.

- **>** Goat Foot

- That rifle is a double-barrel breechloader, and the shells are all custom. He keeps two in the gun and four more on his person but out of sight. Much like all the arms from Phoenix, you’re obligated to protect the secrets of his design work.

- Hard Exit
