---
id: EC-0543
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Agribusinesses
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Agribusinesses

Since Snohomish is the breadbasket of Seattle, we need to talk about at least two of our local agribusinesses that are making a difference and working to help guide the future of the district: **Aqua Arcana** and **Ingersoll-Berkeley** . Both are intrinsic parts of our local business and ecological environment, and both are true friends to Snohomish.

At **Aqua Arcana** , they have a diverse collection of endeavors that keeps them active and interesting. They have multiple aquatic farms that grow not just vast quantities of aquatic botanicals but also all manner of aquatic feed fauna. Their facilities are well-secured, as many of their species are genetically engineered and would cause some level of ecological harm were they to enter the standard population. When specimens do escape, AA often reaches into the shadows in order to keep the event quiet and avoid publicity issues.

Outside of their farming efforts, they are doing something that is even more important to Snohomish and its residents. They have developed several natural and artificial systems that can be utilized for river cleanup. Filtering mollusks that are non-invasive and do not compete with local species. These systems are precious to us; they help eliminate some of the pollution that comes from upriver and mitigate some of the unavoidable runoff from fertilizers and farming products. These innovations are often dual-purposed. At least one algae blooms due to fertilizer run off but is quickly harvested and dried. The dried algae is an excellent reagent, thanks to Aqua Arcana’s processing methods, which are another closely guarded secret.

- Jobs against AA are often strange. For non-invasive species, they often release them into the wild, isolated in tributaries, in order to determine their effect. Other corps have made numerous efforts to collect samples of these test subjects. Security is usually a geo-tagged paracritter or two and a drone response, but occasionally research crews are on site with security details.

- **>** Stone

- That excellent reagent may help your magic, but it sure as drek doesn’t help your social life. Whether burned or just sprinkled, this stuff stinks. Word has it that the smoke is also mildly

intoxicating. If it weren’t so expensive as a reagent, I’m sure someone would smoke it for pleasure.

**>** Ire

- There are several groups who sneak into those algal pools and steal the algae to take back and dry themselves. It’s not as potent as a reagent, since their processing is a little dirtier and they don’t have specifically aspected facilities, but it’s got a decent black-market following.

**>** Lyran

Snohomish wouldn’t be nearly as pristine as it is now if it weren’t for the Aqua Arcana facilities and efforts. They are a Snohomish staple, and we are glad to have them as a strong supporter of our district.

“ **Ingersoll-Berkeley** feeds independence!” is a great slogan.

The Ingersoll-Berkeley facilities near Cathcart and Maltby are icons of Snohomish. The flowing fields of the Berkeley Soy Food Farm are a tourist destination year round. Which is particularly interesting as soy plants are not year-round producers … unless they’re Berkeley Soy plants. One of the latest innovations of I-B is the Berkeley Soy plant. This plant has the ability to regrow pods from the same plant once they are harvested. Early work involved simply picking them off the plant, but in order to make the process viable in bulk, they needed the ability to pick en masse. A few more alterations made the Berkeley Soy plant highly resilient and quite sturdy, and then a tech advancement allowed the Berkeley Soy plant reciprocating pod remover (RPR), or Reaper, to remove pods with minimal damage to the rest of the plant. The farms lost narrow patches of planting space for the tires to run on, but they gained a harvest approximately every thirty days after the initial crop growth. Lifespan has not been determined yet, but soil degradation is the current greatest threat outside of runners stealing crops and trying to get access to the interior system of the RPR in order to steal the technology.

Over at Ingersoll Aquaculture center, guests can see the fruitful yield of the river. Several massive pens line the shores where Ingersoll farms a variety of river species, several of which have been genetically modified. The facility offers tours to the public and contains a unique underwater experience called “Riverbed Explorer.” It’s a clear tunnel built half into the riverbed that allows visitors to see the layers of sediment below the surface while also seeing the river life from below the water. The tunnel is at the center of the facility and offers views of several of the farm pens from beneath.

- Those pens are a horror show near culling time. The fish are all too big and basically look like a squirming mass. The whole thing bends the mana in the area. Aqua Arcana has offered onnumerous occasions to come down and help cleanse the area, but Ingersoll refuses. Pretty sure there’s a shady reason, but I don’t know it yet.

- Ecotope

With Ingersoll-Berkeley working diligently to not only increase food supply but also keep our district green, we see their value and influence across Snohomish on the rise. Most citizens of Snohomish (and Seattle at large) may not know the value of I-B to their everyday life and their future, but everyone should appreciate what they are doing to help Seattle settle into their new state.

- I-B here and I-B in Everett are having a little bit of internal friction at the urging of local Snohomish politicians. Snohomish wants complete control of the food supply and the fact that they ship most of the product up to Everett for processing is a point of contention right now. Runs aplenty trying to resolve this soybased beef.

- Sounder

- That’s why NatVat has a bit better position with politicians here, but they don’t project well, as they aren’t a tourist front. They’re all about efficiency and production and don’t waste any effort on aesthetics or public appearance. All function over form.

- **>** Smiling Bandit
