---
id: EC-0551
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 184
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

Let’s start by noting that the population marker up there is basically worthless. It’s just UCC/Metroplex poll numbers for beancounters. Tacoma has a regular population somewhere in the 400,000 to 450,000 zone, and it only gets bigger when you take the transients into account. What transients, you ask? Ships coming and going, prisoners coming and going, the sick and injured, the commuter workers, the criminal talent—hell, if you count the sheer number of deaths and departures (Double Dees to the local element), the population count bounces like a rubber grenade.

That variation is a step toward understanding just what Tacoma is, and where it’s going. Never mind the industrial stuff, Tacoma is the most important port in the metroplex, if for no other reason than it ships _everything_ . Drone toys to diapers to fresh fruit and frag grenades, legal and otherwise—the docks are a chokepoint, and everyone has a vested interest even if they haven’t invested to collect interest. If there is a vulnerable point to the Emerald City, it’s here.

So what keeps it safe? An exceptionally tangled handshake network of syndicates and corps all agreeing to play nice when the parents are in town (re: the UCC), then resuming stabbing each other in the back and choking each other out in the streets as soon as they get the all-clear. The relative fear they display in the presence of the megas puts the power of the syndicates into perspective, whatever else you hear.

But that’s where this becomes a forecast. See, the UCC has an ocean of other fish to fry, and they assume the mobs and smaller corps like Fed-Boeing have brains enough to recognize they shouldn’t shit where they eat. There is, unfortunately, plentiful evidence to suggest wisdom is anything but the prevailing factor at work. Hunger and grudges are outshining calmer minds, and the tectonic friction of the world shifting means mob war is inevitable, and it’s going to spill into the whole city.

- But it never came at a time when Seattle was, itself, so vulnerable.

**>** Red

- The crucible draws impurities to the surface.

- Many-Names

Why the overflow of violence? Because, as with so many things, the lack of UCAS support means Seattle has to turn to a lot of new sources for imports and support. Sure, the same folks can send the same stuff, but the contracts are being readdressed, and that means trickle-down bureaucracy for all, from the execs to the unions to the syndicates and everyone in-between. Commerce is the beating heart of the megacorporate and criminal worlds, and supply is everything. Tacoma is supply. And when the violence gets too big to ignore (meaning the supply is disrupted), the megas are going to step in, hand in hand with the Star and even the army, and they’re going to sweep the fucking leg like never before.

- It would be suicide to draw down that kind of heat. Why would they push that hard?

- Sounder

- Two things: pressure and alliances. These vendettas have been building without real release for years, and the sheer opportunity and conflict are going to make them all butt heads. They won’t find a way to split it evenly without a miracle of diplomacy, and greed and grudges are going to make everyone fight with criminal patriotism to be the top dog, even though they all know no one can hold it forever.

The alliances are those they hold with megas. Mayor Duffy threw in with F-B, so they’re getting drawn in (and if you want more evidence of that, check out Redmond). The Yaks have their own problems from Japan drawing them into potential civil war, which can get even worse if more start skipping the Pacific to stake claim here. And the Mobs and Vory have their own pocket politicians with their own networks of corp backers with their own agendas. The syndicates don’t like to admit they are pawns of the megas, but they’re the violent line drawn against one another on their behalf, just like we are.

- Dr. Spin

- Still, they are a mitigating deniable force. They absorb a lot of bureaucracy so the government doesn’t have to. Potter may think she can turn Seattle into an automated technocratic police state utopia, but you’d have to be a complete fool to deny the mobs accomplish a lot of business in their own right, and she doesn’t have the personnel to spare to fight it right now.

  - Jimmy No

- This isn’t the first time it’s happened. The Fuchi breakup set the stage for one. Tempo counts, but it wasn’t quite as obvious. And there’s been low-level conflict since … well, forever.

- **>** Fianchetto

Of course, Tacoma is more than docks and more than crime. It makes sense that’s what we think of first, given our collective professions, but some folks might want a doss here, and if nothingelse, it pays to know the lay of the land so you don’t stick out _too_ much.

The good news about Tacoma is the aforementioned cultural blend. It’s a lot more than mob-derived, too (Chinese, Italian, Irish, Japanese, Korean, Russian, et al.). There’s plenty of Salish culture in the wings, to say nothing about the Indian, Tanzanian, Orkish, Texan, Aztec, and more. And then there’s the subculture scenes. Magic and technology get along just fine here, though magic is treated a bit more as a luxury entertainment or a spooky boogeyman, while tech is a practical hobby. Remember the blue-collar streak that defines most of Tacoma’s populace: magic isn’t something just anyone can pick up, and the corps, syndicates, or gangs tend to snatch them, while any kid with interest can grab some low-cost tech and learn something that can make life for everyone a little easier. This means you’re more likely to see technology in a casual sense, while magic brings the baggage of assumption that you’re either connected to someone bigger or up to no good.
