---
id: EC-0114
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Vibe
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Vibe

If you want to know how the Belle really works, you need to start with the story of Cougar Mountain. Back in the mid ’50s, the Cougar Mountain Hospital found itself in the middle of a massive organlegging bust. Management changed hands, and the incident was covered up. Twenty-five years later, it happened again. The second purge was very public and targeted officials at every level of the operation, from over two dozen KE cops on the take to the Cougar Mountain COO herself. In the end, close to one hundred people were arrested in connection with the organlegging operation.

- And not a single one of those arrested were First Nations members, though everyone in the sprawl knows how deeply they were tied up in that mess.

- Mika

- Rumors persist that Blake ran for mayor in order to push out KE and install his own firm in their place. It took two terms for him to achieve that goal, and the only reason it finally happened was because of the fragility of Ares PR in the wake of a number of key incidents. While the mega was fighting bigger battles, Blake sliced off this piece of the pie.

- Kay St. Irregular

In the twenty-five years between the two busts, the only thing that changed in the operation was which organized crime syndicate had the largest share of the trade. Now Cougar Mountain is back at it again, and nobody cares. The second bust only happened because it created the conditions for the government to break the KE contract and let Lone Star back in. That’s Bellevue in a nutshell. Everyone knows what you’re doing, and they don’t care until they need to.

All cards on the table: I’m a killer by trade. I like Bellevue because the people I deal with locally who know what I do don’t hold it against me. Even the cops treat me with the respect given to any SIN-bearing citizen. Those are the local rules. On the surface, the Belle is vividly multi-racial and multi-cultural, with the guiding principles being wealth and uniqueness. If what you bring to the table is different enough, then you have a seat at the table. So long as you don’t make a mess in Bellevue, things are fine. The flip side to that coin is, once you make a mess, you’re on the list. Your connections dry up, and you find that getting served anywhere in town just got harder.

- I don’t see the local cops accepting the fact that a paid assassin is walking around buying groceries and what not. That doesn’t make any sense.

- Mihoshi Oni

- No, Glaive is right. I lived there a few decades before Blake took over. Even then, the residents were warming to an idea of a safe zone. You have to understand that people with that kind of money don’t expect to be treated like everyone else, so the police learn very quickly to let things go unless it actually causes a problem. Some of my neighbors knew I was a shadowrunner and even found it cool. The dentist I lived next to used to invite me over to share stories, because he wanted to be able to say he was friends with a runner.

- Kai-lin

- The way I heard it, he was trying to shag your wife, mate.

- EnJee

- A decade’s worth of gentrification predated this happy, loving attitude the folks of Bellevue project. In other words, if you didn’t fit their schema to begin with, then you didn’t get to buy in.

- Traveler Jones

With that in mind, Lone Star is the law here again. That change raised a lot of hackles. Ares was a longstanding member of the Bellevue community thanks to their large corporate footprint, and Knight Errant was responsible for most of the private security work. However, with the troubles at the top, Ares lost their hold here. Once all those KE cops were exposed for their role in the organlegging operation, KE was out entirely. Ares, too. Petrovksi and Centurion get a lot of work in the mini-arcos supplementing a Lone Star service that, for all intents and purposes, stops at the gate. Wolverine still pops up in spots such as hospitals. However, as part of the contract, all of these security services turn their suspects over to the Star.

- For a place that bills itself as a megacorporate DMZ, Centurion has its hands in a lot.

- Ma’Fan



- That hasn’t gone unnoticed. Blake continues to face multiple challenges to the mayoral seat. The tension between him and the opposition parties only rose when Seattle became a free city. However, the Belle is successful, and as they say, “if it ain’t broke …”

- Kay St. Irregular

Per capita income has skyrocketed under Blake, climbing well into the six-figure range. While rumors persist that part of this growth is due to the elimination of lower income housing, part is also due to salaries here ranging higher than in other parts of Seattle for equivalent work.

- It also involves creative math. Factoria is built on disputed land, so when it suits them, Bellevue calls it theirs. When calculating PCI, it definitely belongs to the Duwamish tribe.

- Seattle Sue

Likewise, education is on the rise here. The government works to recruit top educators from around the world to teach K-12 as well as at the free Bellevue Community College and Centurion Institute for Scientific Advancement. The nine percent that represent the undereducated are the wageslaves who serve as the working class that keep everything running. Excellent contacts. Nicest people you’ll ever meet. The thing their employers hate to recognize is they also have families and needs and personalities—everything that makes a person a person. Where the bourgeoise give the Belle its luster, the proletariat are the unheard few that give the Belle its charm.
