---
id: EC-0167
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: council island
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## council island

**Size:** 33 square kilometers **Population:** 4,000

- Human: 32% Dwarf: 8% Elf: 21% Ork: 32% Troll: 4% Other: 3%

**Population Density:** 121 per square kilometer **Per Capita Income:** 56,000¥ **Hospitals and Clinics:** 2 (1 public and 1 private) **Corporate-Affiliated Population:** 12% **Education:**

- Less Than 12 Years: 14%

- High School Equivalency: 16% College Education: 49% Advanced Degrees and Certificates: 21%

**Average Security Rating:** Silver (only because Lone Star refuses to give Eagle a Gold rating)

- There is also a pack of four wolves that live on the island. They’re shifters, but they rarely go upright, preferring to play the part of island protectors and hunters when needed but totally knowing how to avoid people if needed.

- Falcon85

- The nature is real and local. Even the construction materials. Logs for buildings are hand cut and grown here in a special grove that produces yields at about a ten times normal speed.

- **>** Ecotope

- That ten is up to about a hundred now. The power comes from a link to a nature metaplane, and it seriously amped up recently. Some of the wood is being stored and exported, but a few trees are growing free as an experiment. That patch that puts everyone in awe is nearly twenty meters tall. It was a sapling last year.

- Lyran

- The wood’s good for reagents as well. Scrape a little off and it goes a long way in a preparation.

- Ire
