---
id: EC-0331
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies

I dug in a bit and found other bits in the archives mentioning Trinity West (primo fixer for gigs), Dulcimer (primo fixer for gear), and Kinja (who still plays the same games to test runners on the island). I’ll highlight a few folks I think need some Vashon spotlight, but don’t forget those stalwart shadow sources.

**Tanessa “Tan” Cuvnatar** is the current CEO of the Vashon Industries (a subsidiary of Shiawase Fashion). She’s got style and fashion on lockdown, and she knows it’s rarely a game of independent innovation—instead, it’s about pulling the spotlight away from the competition. Since she’s the CEO, you won’t get a meeting with her, but you’ll know the job’s coming from her when they tell you to sabotage, steal, or swindle another fashion label.

Vashon doesn’t have a lot of land, so a go-gang doesn’t have a lot of space to run. That hasn’t stopped the **Ancients** from planting a small branch here. They’re a bit showier than some of their fellow green knights, but that’s what you get on Vashon. They’re still gangers, and thus they need to make money in some illegal fashion. For the Ancients on Vashon, it’s smuggling. In particular, talislegging goods from Salish lands to Vashon buyers and onto ships over to the mainland.

**Soresha Na’sharina** has become an overnight fashion icon. Those who’ve seen her define her look as beauty beyond words. She’s got arcane talent but always masks her aura. Most speculate that she’s a drake or a free spirit. I’d like to drop the truth bomb here, and it’s a biggie: She’s a leviathan. Yup, another sea dragon, one of Sea Dragon’s new offspring. No one knows if she’s a spy yet, but everyone knows she’s not here just to look pretty and add to the Vashon aesthetic.

**Carter “Coal” Dickerson** is a black-hearted politician looking to keep Vashon safe from the influences of the other islands, namely Bainbridge, but also Fox and the Sea Dragon. Coal sees Vashon as a haven for the future of metahumanity. The problem is, he sees them all moving here and the rest of humanity moving somewhere else. He has strong ties to Brackhaven but plays a bit better at keeping the darkness of his political and social views under wraps.
