---
id: EC-0456
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Halloweeners
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Halloweeners

I may be biased, but the Halloweeners are probably the most (in)famous gang in the metroplex. Technically they span the city, but this is where they come from, and from within, it’s the napalm hearth and home. Clad in Halloween elements and sometimes literally blazing a trail of mayhem and madness down the streets, our—I mean _their_ chosen method of violence is pyrotechnics, ranging from lit torches and molotovs to ignition brands and blades and homemade flamethrowers. They make their cash in BTLs, mostly horror and snuff, but they’ve diversified into some minor protection rackets and breaking into the Bite-Byte beetle market. They are still led by Nightmare, a mysterious figure clad in black, with orange fabric on his sleeve. During a recent dustup over who gets to lead, most of the Ragers (survivors from the original gang) challenged Nightmare. Everyone killed got their colors stripped from them and tied off on Nightmare’s arms. Orange is the color of its latest conquest

- Jury is still out on just what Nightmare is, but given the intense metaphysical masking and resistance to damage, odds are it’s either a free spirit or Infected. The Bite-Byte connection, and the shelter from light with that outfit, tends to suggest the latter, probably a banshee. One thing for sure: Whatever it is, it’s potently magical, and desperately lethal.

- Red

- Then I don’t know which, either. It doesn’t matter, really. Nightmare is whatever it is.

**>** Borderline

- The surest gap in armor is ignorance.

- Many-Names

- Translation: It’s generally what you don’t know that kills you.

- **>** Thorn
