---
id: EC-0216
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: The Aztechnology Pyramid
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Aztechnology Pyramid

The imposing Aztechnology North America Complex may not be the highest point in the Seattle skyline, but is unique style more than makes up for whatever it lacks in size. A step-pyramid in Aztlan style, its walls are made of white quartz crystal a half-meter thick, carved in mythological symbols. By day, it’s an unobtrusive gray, but at night it lights up, becoming one of the most distinctive corporate strongholds in Seattle. On Aztec holy days, the lights shift to a blood red.

The ground floor is open to the public, with a variety of shops and Aztec-Mex restaurants dispensing Aztechnology goods at excellent prices. Higher levels are typical of corporate enclaves, with office space, housing, and executive suites that turn the pyramid into a self-contained employee living space.

- The security is insane. A thousand-soldier-strong battalion of the Fifth Leopard Guard, 250 standard facility security, bound spirits, incredible warding, rooftop missile batteries, weekly changed RFID codes … anyone trying to get in without authorization is going to have their hands full.

- DangerSensei

- Make no mistake: the pyramid is home to blood-magic rituals that even those powerful wards cannot contain. Whether they are prosperity observances or even darker rites, the energy of it overflows into the surrounding area. For those who can feel it, it’s scarier than even the Leopard Guards.

- Axis Mundi
