---
id: EC-0531
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Extremely Local Forecast
page: 172
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Extremely Local Forecast

We welcome all to Snohomish because we know we are headed in the right direction. Just a few short years ago there was a moment when the hounds of Redmond were at the gates and the beauty of our breadbasket was threatened. We came together then, with the support of our local businesses. We came together to push away the hate-filled gangs. We came together as one people and held the line against the unwashed and impure to protect the sanctity of our district.

Now, we are set free. Seattle is no longer beholden to a greater nation. Our resources are no longer the world’s but belong to Seattle. We won’t be forced to sell off the profits of our sweat to be devoured by the wealthy of the Tírs, the gluttons of the Black Forest Kingdom, the greedy of Westrhine-Luxembourg, the pandering sycophants of Evo, or any of the powers in the world that feed the darkest reflections of humanity. We are finally headed in the right direction. Seattle has claimed its freedom, we have the proper leaders leading, the proper forces supporting our cause, and we here in Snohomish will continue growing a future that supports Seattle and its enduring energies.

- For anyone who can’t read between the lines, this is simply Snohomish doubling down on the racist drek we already know them for. I can see why the Triumvirate pulled this guy in to write this, but it’s hard to read. Key point is, there’s a lesson here. These people really exist. Worse, they are the majority. They buy into the lies, the corporate drek, and all the stereotyping so hard, you can’t prove to them you are not a monster if you don’t look like them.

- 2XL

Snohomish is not just about living in our quaint and quiet towns. It’s about a chance to slip away from the hustle and bustle and find the quiet places to let life slow down. We have a place to breathe deep and enjoy the purity of the air, the chill of the crisp, clear river, the scents of life in the air, and the sounds of wildlife that’s not out to kill you. We have several specific times of the year when Snohomish opens itself to the rest of the world. That’s not to say that it’s closed the rest of the days, but during these times, the towns of Snohomish bloom like tulips in the spring.

Speaking of spring and the seasons, the changing of the seasons is pivotal to the identity and life of Snohomish. In the spring, we celebrate the mountain thaws and the rising rivers with festivals of water that have events held over the course of two weeks across the equinox. The whole shebang kicks off with the River Run, as they open the dams, and the bravest among us show their strength and stamina by outrunning the rushing river.

- For a couple of years this was a legit and “fair” deathrace, and then the locals started seeing that the winners were consistently metahuman or changelings. Now the contest is rigged to favor those with smooth skin as Human Nation and Humanis dirtbags come out for target and trap-setting practice.

- Butch

- Runner contracts aren’t uncommon to even the odds, but there isn’t much money in it. Just the satisfaction of reducing the population of racist dreksacks.

- Bull

Summer signifies weekly events, each focusing on the highlights of a specific neighborhood of the district. Some run Thursday to Sunday, others Friday to Monday, but every neighborhood makes sure to host a four-day celebration. Stellar entertainment, wholesome fun for the kids, unmatched revelry for the adults, and a theme that helps identify the highlights of each neighborhood make the entirety of summer a series of celebrations no one wants to miss. Keep an eye on which of our local corporate sponsors is hosting. Last year Aqua Arcana brought an unbelievable weekend of metaplanar guests and astral windows to show Snohomish from a whole other angle. This year’s weekends will have to be over the top to beat that.

- Those weekends were a drekshow. The number of people who crossed boundaries they shouldn’t have and ended up lost on metaplanes they don’t understand was unbelievable. After the end of the weekend, only certain cases were looked into by the local authorities, while the others needed private investigations. Aqua Arcana got blitzed with jobs looking for the planes they were tapping into.

- Glitch



Since Snohomish is the breadbasket of Seattle, fall and Harvest Fest are some of the most iconic celebrations in the district. Opening up with the autumnal equinox and rolling through All Saints Day, this festival is night after night of parties, rituals, and celebrations to honor the abundance provided by the farms, forests, and orchards of our sacred district. The workers are celebrated, the corporations honor their best and brightest, and local shamans and druids reach out to the spirit world to keep the astral pure and plentiful. Religious aspects across the spectrum are honored and observed in order to show all how welcome they are as the summer season rolls to a close and fall brings great bounty to our district.

The seasonal festivals culminate with the Longest Night. While the other festivals host extended events, the Longest Night is only a single day of celebration. Held on the winter solstice, these events focus on parties for the young during the day and then culminate into hundreds of separate parties all over the district that run from sundown to sunup. Themes vary each year, but accolades for the best will last for decades. Snohomishites are still talking about the All-Night Ghost Dance held back in ’76 with its NAN theme and beautiful costuming. Only the biggest events are themed, but these are the most sought-after tickets of the season.

- That party was such an insult to genuine Natives that the Cascade Orks actually hired runners to break into homes all over Snohomish to steal and burn those outfits on social media feeds.

- Bull

- That party wasn’t even the worst of their insults to people who don’t fit their ideals. They regularly host parties that would be protested by MoM or SoS, but nothing can ever get off the ground, since getting any group of metahumans that deep into Snohomish without being harassed by local tin stars is nearly impossible.

- 2XL
