---
id: EC-0447
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Plastic Jungle
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Plastic Jungle

Time for a short story: Once upon a time, a wealthy so-and-so had the idea to make the local soil arable. Arrays of bioplastic formed and framed an alien geodesic array of potential, which wouldn’t bloom until after the original founders had crashed and moved on. The gardens remained, however, leaving the experiment to blossom in its own time. Since then, it’s become a mixture of contained jungle of strange blooms and local homesteaders grow-oping it into a surprisingly fruitful agricultural source for the region. These sharecropping squatters don’t take kindly to poachers, pillagers, or arsonists, so they’ve been known to defend the region with surprising vigor. Their almost-organic produce is also used in trade for security and protection from local gangs.

- The locals sometimes go a little sprawl-tribal, with some becoming surprisingly successful neo-naturalists who are making the astral cleaner every day. Rumor has it there are some backroom deals with the SSC to help this happen, with speculation that they’d prefer to reduce the immediate pollution where they are forced to rub shoulders.

- Traveler Jones

- Not all of them are so buddy-buddy. There was a wendigo coven out there years ago, forming a little toxic cannibal cult before they got cleaned out. There’s hope there, but someone is always out to prey on hope in the Barrens.

- Red

- Remember when we were mentioning the border zone pollution problem in the Rat’s Nest? That backroom deal rumor gets a little more weight when you take a closer look at the bioplastic. It used to be all patchwork, grey, and old. Some of it is new, and the manufacturer labels lead back to SSC-cozy companies.

- Icarus

- So the SSC can make friends in the region and show there are viable methods of cleanup, so there’s no excuse not to do it. Makes sense they’re not covering up the sources. They want to make a point, and they’re doing it through charity. Seattle raises

its voice to protest, and they look like the assholes they are. I like it.

- Sunshine

- Yeah, well, that’s the problem with gentrification: people have to go somewhere, and as long as there’s a system that requires poverty, there will always be the dispossessed. Considering Scholl’s attitude toward government helping people, the SSC, Urubia, and everything else, the government is going to have to show its hand that Redmond isn’t meant to be anything but what it is, and that’s going to be a PR nightmare in a time when they need all the spit and polish they can muster.

- Dr. Spin
