---
id: EC-0072
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Law Enforcement
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Law Enforcement

The big boy in town is Lone Star—they are back in the saddle. They’re in high gear, making themselves look good, and they’re working smoothly with security providers and megacorps all around the sprawl. This isn’t likely to keep up, but for the time being, Lone Star is making nice with everyone they can. Don’t expect that niceness to carry over to runners, but their niceness with the corps means they need more shadow assets to clear out the bile they keep swallowing.

Seattle is developing and shifting over the various alphabet agencies that provide intelligence and various kinds of law enforcement, and they’ve already changed them several times in this first year of independence. You can completely expect their offices and efforts to be just as mercurial as their standings in Seattle. The disorganization of law enforcement means it’s a good time to be a criminal.



**>** I want to point out that the Seattle coastal patrol—I call them the “Sound-Pounders,” even though they have not locked in a name—is at the top of their game. They pulled in a ton of resources from the departing UCAS government, and they are making the best use of it. The good thing is, the water is a big place, so it’s easy to avoid detection.

**>** Sounder

It’s important to remember the whole metro is covered by the PANICBUTTON™ system, which is linked to commlinks and public access points all over the metroplex. Slap that PANICBUTTON™ and just wait for the law dogs to come a howling. The response time is what you’d expect based on the neighborhood, and so is the actual response. It may take a hot minute for the Star to respond to a call in Redmond, but they come rolling in fourteen deep in a set of Goliaths.
