---
id: EC-0450
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Glow City
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Glow City

Redmond used to have a nice big nuclear power plant on Beaver Lake, but a partial meltdown left the whole area contaminated. It’s been almost seventy years, and the region still glows with the radioactive runoff of the old Trojan-Satsop reactor. Shiawase has had another reactor right next to it since ’28, and it represents the only industry in the area. The Crash of ’29 brought all kinds of desperate folks to live there, and the population has only grown since, no matter how many die by violence or exposure. Mutation is rampant, and it’s hard to tell between the changelings who were forced

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: EMERALD CITY<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

HOTSPOTShere and the metahumans who have been twisted by the Glow.

- I have a hard time conceiving of a place more likely to generate toxic shamans in the region. The spirits already scream with pain and corruption. Any mage who grew up in Glow City is likely gifted—and likely damaged. They often worship the “the Glow,” considering it a second Awakening, one that represents the next phase in metahuman evolution.

- Axis Mundi

- Of note are the Isotopes, a group of toxic shamans who call the northern part of the lake home. You’d think someone would have wiped them out or collected the DF bounty on them by now, but they’re patronized by Kalanyr. Supposedly he keeps them clean of too much exposure to the very forces they control.

- **>** Borderline

- It’s a little extra weird when you consider he’s supposedly the partner, maybe even mate, of Urubia, who has aspected the Funhouse into the cleanest astral space in Redmond. There’s something at work, there, but I can’t figure out the angle …

- **>** Ethernaut
