---
id: EC-0354
source: Emerald City
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Enemies
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allies and Enemies

The **TilDawns** were a hot ticket as an HMHVV gang able to offer immortality. That was up until a group of vampire hunters came to the island one day and wiped them out. A few still hide in the shadows behind the rich bleeders they’ve been eating, but they don’t have numbers or clout and any that pop up have been known to be taken care of. One of the hunters was either local or settled in locally and takes care of stragglers.

Try to catch up with **Hayley Jackson** . She’s good people and knows the darkness that’s overtaking Anderson. She’s a little paranoid after so many other independents have found unfortunate ends, but she keeps trouble at bay with a good deal of skepticism and zero trust for anyone not vetted by her or a close contact.

**Kaden Becksworth** is a rare Anderson resident. He’s not here to revel in wanton debauchery but instead focuses on holding his neighbors to the coals for their actions. No one on the island likes him, but he’s too rich to ignore, and when they try, he just shows up anyway. He seems to have an upper limit of tolerance somewhere between fear induction and physical harm, but he usually mitigates his response according to the transgression. He hires runners to exact his justice but always offers explicit instruction on what they should do in order to leave the best message.
