---
id: ECEG-0068
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: Ocean Liners
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ocean Liners

Francisco Transportation is technically a corporation operating out of the Carib League, but many of the ways they do business show their roots. You see, the company was founded by Don Francisco back in the ’20s, when he retired from a fruitful life of piracy. He took that know-how and built a shipping company from it, ensuring a fl eet of ships that all knew how to avoid the perils of high-seas larceny and a killer reputation that helps keep would-be attackers at bay.

- They aren’t that hard to take on. It’s mostly just reputation.

- **>** Kane

- Not everyone has a gunboat. Probably a good warning for everyone else.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

Over the decades, this know-how and reputation was slipping, with more and more shipments disappearing on the company through the ’70s. Seemingly overnight, however, this fl ipped. Supposedly, Francisco hasn’t lost a ship since 2080. They defi nitely have some cargo go missing, but it’s hard to say how much is theft versus smuggling. Regardless, the corporation has had a massive upsurge in business in recent years and has shipping contracts across the CAS. Of course, no port takes in more than New Orleans, so the infl uence Francisco has managed to pull on the Port Authority is nothing to laugh at. They can basically bring anything they want in and out of New Orleans without worry.

- A lot of folks don’t want to talk about it, but it’s pretty clear that Francisco is working for the Sea Dragon now. They always seem to have funds for expansion to a new port, have merrow escorts in some areas, and the weather seems forever on their side.

- Sounder

**PAGE** 23

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 118] intentionally omitted \<==**
