---
id: ECEG-0040
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**cent Mafa. Other hotels and casinos belong to Spinrad Global, Truman Vacations, and German** A-rated tourism giant Zenit AG (most notably in the form of three-star-plus Chavanne Hotels). Tour agencies are big players here, mostly involved in bayou sightseeing tours as well as the big river and gulf cruise business. Big names here are Group Med (Merenati), SpIn Adventures (which is an umbrella for various tourism corps within Spinrad Global), Wanderlust (Horizon), and Zenit AG (namely Interkon Services, which arrange group vaccinations for corporations). As with shipping companies, there are a huge number of cruise line companies: Cross Cruises (CATCo), Delta Queen Cruise Lines (Delta Queen/Gulfstar), Hapag-Lloyd Kreuzfahrten (Hapag-Lloyd/Mærsk), Magellan Cruises (Zenit AG), Majestik Cruise Lines (SpIn Adventures/ Spinrad Global), MT&S Cruises and Aurora Cruises (both Mediterranean Trade & Shipping/ Merenati), Princess Cruises (Mærsk), Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines (Renraku), Truman Cruises (Truman Vacations), and Virtual World Disney Cruises (VWD/Horizon).

**do the same. She adopted children, cared for the sick during the yellow fever epidemic, and** helped the enslaved. These traits carry forward to today’s league and their strictures.

The current member rolls list seventy-two members operating throughout the New Orleans sprawl. The organization is headed up by Louis Broussard, the founder of the Broussard Vodou movement. That isn’t to say that all the members follow this fl edgling tradition, as Mr. Broussard has been sure to welcome all. Most folks aren’t going to run into Louis frequently, as he spends most of his time in Baton Rouge, but he has made it clear that the group is fl at, and he doesn’t want all new members to have to go through him. One of the key members in New Orleans proper is Renée Martin, who can be typically found at Chitimacha Ritual Supply on the edge of the French Quarter.
