---
id: ECEG-0012
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: 'The French Quarter - Security Rating: A - the french quarter'
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The French Quarter

## Security Rating: A

## the french quarter

**Landmark Locations:** St. Louis Cathedral, Mora Memorial Hospital, Old Riverwalk

**Hotels & Restaurants:** Bourbon Hotel, Creole Palace, Cajun Bayou

**Clubs:** Fleur de Lis, Club Vampyre, Blue Dog Blues **Bars:** Wind’s Elven Bar, Sally’s Orkish Bar **Bordellos:** Midnight Flowers, Beautiful Dreams **Other Notables:** Arnie’s Armory, LaVeau Talismans, Hermetic Order of the Auric Aurora

The crown jewel and beating heart of New Orleans. Known as just “The Quarter” to city natives, it’s one of the most historic neighborhoods in the city. A portrait from another age frozen in time and mixed against its will with the Sixth World. Cathedrals, old markets, boutiques, and jazz bars as far as the eye can see.

Once dusk swallows the city and it’s lit by oil fi re and streetlight, that’s when the fortune tellers and ghosts come out to play. Some of

**==> picture [67 x 630] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 211] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 211] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE** 7

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**


**those old ladies fipping tarot cards are the real deal, and some of those horses trotting the** streets are spirits. Of course, it’s just about impossible to tell the difference between the real houngans and the con artists unless you’ve got magical sight yourself.
