---
id: ECEG-0019
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Awakening, but you could go off the beaten trail if you were an experienced hiker. Not so** anymore—jumping those gates is a good way to get yourself eaten by an afanc or behemoth. Not just critters—any number of spirits and danger will keep you from making it out.

**nate this part of the city. Here, it’s like someone turned off the lightswitch to the soul so that** there was nothing left to admire in the dark. It’s a whole different city—a world of nuyen and dead dreams. SINners sell a part of themselves to live here, but in exchange they get to live a nice, safe, corporate-approved lifestyle.

That isn’t to say nobody is living out here. The two main groups you’ll run into are tightknit dwarf communities and the much more recent infl ow of goblins. The greater New Orleans area is one of the few places in the modern world where the Infected feel safe, and the bayou provides a form of living that is comfortable for them. For the most part, the bayou dwarfs and the goblins have an uneasy understanding. You’ll also fi nd plenty of cajun mages that use spells and swampy spirits to keep their home safe.

There are more businesses out here than you can imagine, which has led to what many call the Scattered Arcologies. The A and AA corporations that operate far below the Big Ten still managed to set up a series of micro-arcologies that work together under the directions of a dozen A- or higher-rated businesses. People work, live, and sleep within the confi nes of these city-block-size buildings, but still may need to leave or travel to neighboring arcologies to shop. To facilitate this, the arcologies all share the same company scrip and use the same conversion rates to nuyen.

- The goblin thing is new and more than a little tense, but they have every right to be here, too.

- Red

  - Rumor is Wuxing is looking to upset the balance by building up their micro-arcology, already the largest in the area, to be a full and proper arcology.

- Magic out here is old and angry. After the Awakening, the swamp screamed its threats at the city, promising to take it back.

- Cover

You can’t forget The Star Tower, a star point of gleaming glass and steel beams towering up to more than 100 stories. Here you’ll fi nd the offi ces for trideo and simsense productions, music labels, as well as biotech and cybertech companies. The top fl oors are all owned by Lady Faye’s, a high-class luxury restaurant that caters only to the wealthy corporate class.

- Lav

Finally, you have the far bayous, where only criminals and megacorps conspire. This is your smugglers dens and your corporate black sites all sitting a little too uncomfortably close to each other.
