---
id: ECEG-0028
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: Free Westbank
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Free Westbank

Security Rating: Z


## free westbank

- **Landmarks:** CAS-LA Golf, African History Museum, Westbank Soy & Grain Fields

Things aren’t all pleasant, however. As much as the city has come to accept metas, many of these outskirt parishes have taken a step back. While not true of every neighborhood out here, you’ll fi nd plenty of anti-metahuman sentiment. You’ll also fi nd several Humanis club buildings scattered around them, including the Humanis HQ in Jefferson Parish. They haven’t been welcomed in the city since the late 2060s, but they’re still welcome out here. It’s not just anti-meta, with people calling for the end of the Decadence festival and also sharing anti-Vodou sentiment.

- **Shops:** T-D’s, Aztechnology Import Drones, Pure Light Vodou

This section of New Orleans has seen some dramatic change. One block goes from a French-Spanish sprawl to city blocks steeped in Black tradition. New Orleans was built off the back of slaves and owes a lot of its traditions and culture to them; so that debt fi nally came due. Around 2040, at the height of tensions, New Orleans offi cials agreed to redraw the district and give reparations.

- It really is a mixed bag out there, between the comfort of living a normal life and the stress of being accosted by Humanis. If you’re choosy about which towns you visit, you can dodge all that drek.

- This wasn’t easy come. Protests, demands, and a little magic went a long way to make this happen.

- Bull

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Lav
