---
id: ECEG-0063
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: (Un)Traditional Markets
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## (Un)Traditional Markets

If there is one thing that never goes out of style, it’s addiction. Situated as it is, New Orleans has a thriving trade in drugs, BTLs, and other forms of entertainment. Some of these travel through the area above-board and legal, but many others do not. It should be mentioned that the city is the largest entry point for tempo fl owing into North America. Only the western seaboard sees as much. This isn’t to say there isn’t a busy fl ow of other illegal goods, however, and the city has a well-deserved reputation for things that are rarely seen anywhere outside this portion of the world.

- Outsiders should recognize that not all these “living zombies” are being taken advantage of. In possessionfriendly countries like the Carib League, renting your body off as a laborer zombie isn’t uncommon, and many trade off a few years of their life (that they’ll barely remember anyway) for enough money to make a better start at life afterwards.

The strangest of these is the fl esh market. This takes multiple forms, with probably the least offensive to outsiders being the sale of corpses. There is a large market in the city for fresh bodies, being used for a variety of things, including organ harvesting, food, and the cre-

**>** Elijah

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**
