---
id: ECEG-0061
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: Patronage
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Patronage

None of the members of the organization have any idea where the funding is coming from, with rumors ranging anywhere from anti-corporate groups to corporations looking to get a leg up on some of the megas. In reality, the group is being bankrolled by a team of info brokers who have used the organization as an easy way to run obfuscation attacks while hitting valuable targets.

- Some people love to point out that Jolene Price is the spitting image of Carina Mossino, although with the age difference, she couldn’t be.

- Hard Exit

- Daughter, maybe? Or a clone?

- Icarus

- With Terasca scooping up a lot of the gambling that used to be run by the Mossinos, I don’t doubt some sort of connection. Should have more information with the dragon itself.

- Hard Exit

During her tenure in charge, Pamela has consolidated her infl uence in the city. Many of the independent krewes that used to function freelance are now employed by the Mafi a, which affords them resources and backing, but a portion of profi t from these smaller-scale groups now fl ows into syndicate pockets. She has also negotiated deals with larger organizations, from

**PAGE** 20

**==> picture [142 x 57] intentionally omitted \<==**


**ation of zombies. Now, there are several types of zombies, which I don’t have time to detail** here, but at the very least recognizing that there are zombies made from both the dead and the living, and that ghouls aren’t either of these (being living and Infected with a disease, rather than functioning through magical animation). Speaking of which, another big trade fl owing through the sprawl is the sale of zombies. Dead or alive, they’re available if you know who to talk to. Of course, living zombies on the market are usually just some poor chummer who got caught up with the wrong people, so some krewes won’t touch that cargo.
