---
id: ECEG-0035
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus - Petrochemicals - & Off Shore
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Petrochemicals** - **& Off Shore**

**ships foodstuff from and to the CAS, as well as bringing cheap electronics from Aztlan sweat-** shops into the country. The last one of the AAA corps is Spinrad Global with their two companies Lusiada Naval Interests from Portugal and Unifi ed Arabian Shipping Company from the Caliphate. Side note: The former represents the Spinrad, and the latter represents the Global part of the corp. But these two don’t reach the same tonnage Mærsk ships in and out of the harbor. They own multiple companies operating here: their main shipping line Mærsk-Sealand, the independently lead subsidiaries Hapag-Lloyd and Azmarine (the “Az” stand for Azania, not Aztlan), as well as Mærsk Supply Service, which supplies off-shore platforms, aquacologies, and warships. The other AA that overshadows Spinrad and competes with Aztech for second place is KondOrchid, who see New Orleans as the perfect transfer site—especially for their smuggling business. They smuggle into the CAS with their shipping companies KondOrchid Cargo and Marina Cargo and their airship cargo line Gulf Stream Cargo, while their German subsidiary Hamburg Süd smuggles things from the CAS to Europe. At the end of the list are the remaining shipping companies from AA corps, which are CMA-CGM (ESUS), Mediterranean Trade & Shipping (Merenati), and Reglloyd (Regulus).

At the turn of the century, southern Louisiana was one of the biggest petrochemical producers in the old USA. The so-called Cancer Alley between Crescent City and Baton Rouge (and some areas within city limits) contained over 150 petrochemical plants, refi neries, and other chemical companies, and was responsible for about 25 percent of all petrochemical production in the US at that time. During the following decades, we saw many big petrochemical players: JRJ PetroTech (part of Fuchi until it was devoured by Gulfstar, UniOil, and AGC in 2059, when it didn’t become part of Novatech), Exxoco (absorbed by UniOil after both were downgraded by the Megacorp Audit), and Global Oil (merged with Sandstorm Engineering to form Global Sandstorm). Today, besides some agricultural businesses, Cancer Alley is even more fl ocked with oil refi neries, (petro-)chemical plants, pipelines, and storage tanks.

Offshore you can fi nd countless abandoned and still-in-use oil rigs. Big players are of course CAS based A-rated corporations Gulfstar and United Oil Industries. The Gulfstar Processing plants are well-known for effi ciently producing high-performance fuel (a closely guarded secret), while crude oil is provided from their Gulfstar Exploration & Drilling oil rigs. UniOil, on the other hand, has a much broader business profi le: local subsidiary branches are United Oil Extraction, United Oil Refi neries, United Oil Chemicals, United Oil Plastics, and United Oil Research and Development Laboratories (which absorbed personnel and assets from Seattle some years ago). Other refi neries, petrochemical plants, and oil rigs belong to Shiawase Petrochemicals (the third biggest local player), Global Oil (Spinrad Global), Pemex (Aztechnology), Royal Dutch Shell (Regulus), BP (Z-IC), Mærsk Oil & Gas, Athabaska Oil (absorbing former Chevron assets), Total (Esprit-Dassault/Aztechnology), Tanamyre Oil & Gas, and AGC Wintershall (AG Chemie).

Smaller, local corporations include Gulfstar Cargo and United Oil Transports, which both specialize in dangerous and hazardous gases and liquids, although there are rumors that Gulfstar is also involved in smuggling on the behalf of the Crescent Mafi a. A rare occurrence is the Telestrian Shipping Corporation, which mostly supplies their biotech companies. Other notables are the independent corporations Caracas Cargo and Francisco Transportation from Cuba. Shipping on the Mississippi itself is mostly in the hands of the local Tidewater corporation via Tidewater Barge Service.

- The AresSpace Michoud Assembly Facility in East New Orleans Business Zone, where they produce parts of carrier rockets, suborbital planes, and space shuttles, counts as logistics, right?

In symbiosis with the petrol industry, many chemical companies also settled in the area, further refi ning and using their petrochemicals for other chemical compounds used in manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, agrochemistry, or consumer goods. Besides UniOil, the biggest

- Orbital DK

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE** 14

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**
