---
id: ECEG-0007
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: The Big Easy
page: 4
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Big Easy

Speaking of police, there are two major factors to be aware of in law enforcement here in the Big Easy. First up is the city police, known as New Orleans Metropolitan Security—or NOMS. They’ve been here a long time and are used to the way things have always worked. These guys are usually happy to walk away for a small bribe so long as the “peace” isn’t being disturbed—if you’re human. It isn’t strange to see some of these “good old boys” at Humanis policlub meetings and rallies. The newer force in town is Wolverine Security, which I’m sure plenty of you know from their contracts elsewhere. Not everyone has been happy with the way NOMS has handled policing over the years, especially in the wake of the shedim violence, and many parishes have contracted Wolverine to take over public safety enforcement. These cops are a little harder to make look the other way, but they’re also trained by corporate teams that don’t want to get a bad reputation, so you’re less likely to be pulled over for having tusks or pointed ears. They’ve even got a team specifi cally trained for dealing with the growing goblin population by means other than automatic weaponry.

New Orleans, known as the Crescent City for its shore-hugging shape, is a city long known for indulgence as well as commerce; it is a hub both for tourists looking to participate in the revelry of Bourbon Street and Mardi Gras as well as those seeking the more esoteric traditions the city is known for. Long before the Awakening, people like Marie Laveau gave the city a reputation for mysterious and sometimes dangerous magic. That continues today both in a public face of magical practices and its reputation for its misunderstood and shunned Awakened residents—including the Infected.

The city itself is located below sea level, protected from the Mississippi River on one side and Lake Pontchartrain on the other by levees and canals. Large portions of the city are nicely positioned for shipping out to sea— it is one of the largest ports in the CAS as well for the sprawls up river, including St. Louis.

With all of this, it’s understandable that the people of New Orleans tend to think of the city as the most important sprawl in the CAS. In fact, when the capital was being chosen for the country in ’34, there was considerable support for New Orleans to be chosen rather than

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE**


**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 118] intentionally omitted \<==**
