---
id: ECEG-0039
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: Entertainment, Fashion, & Tourism
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Entertainment, Fashion, & Tourism

Now that the shedim threat is gone, New Orleans can now utilize their full creative potential. Before the shedim, the French Quarter created an ever-expanding bohemian subculture which expanded into other neighborhoods and districts of the city. Now the diverse multiethnic, multiracial, and multicultural potential is fl ooding the entertainment and fashion industry.

For starters, many big fashion brands have fl agship stores and sometimes even offi ces here, including Ami Feather, Anielski-Joob (Swaorvski-Joop), Armaté and De Button (both Aztechnology), Ares Victory, Beaux Retail (Beaux Retail Consortium/MCT), Common Denominator (Horizon), Jean-Paul (Shiawase Fashion), Louis Vuitton, Oakley-Whitelaw (Novatech), Rheingold, Santini (Merenati), Tropicaliente (UO), Zaspers (Regulus), and Zoé. Our sprawl is even home to Aztech’s Très Chic Designs (known for Très Chic Clothing and Très Chic Cosmetics) as well as Emporio Maroni, owned by local artist wonderkind, Anthony Maroni.

**>** For all not familiar with the North American model: There are so-called owned-and-operated station (O&O) by the big ITCC networks, e.g., like WABS-TV owned and operated by ABS in Manhattan, and there are the local broadcasters, known as affiliated networks or stations, that are owned and operated by a different corporation, e.g., like KOMA in Seattle, owned and operated by Transnational Communications. The big networks make contracts with their affiliates that include things like quotas, rebroadcasting rights, and compensations. While some of those contracts can be quite draconic, the affiliates get the content and the brand from their big partners in return. If you know how to navigate these waters, it could turn into a win-win, and Truman is an expert in this field.

- Pre-CFD, he was a nanofax artist, but he had to reinvent himself afterwards and went into fashion. He again became a local icon—which made him and his company appear on the radars of the big fashion players. Up to now, he has rejected any takeover offer.

**>** Sunshine

Music is a big thing here in the Big Easy. Naturally, this lured the big music corps into the city, like Hisato-Turner Music, Mitsuhama Music, Platinum Records (Ares), Sony Music, and Weekday Eclipse (to whom I sold my Blue Dog Tunes). Local clubs, concerts, and band contests are fi lled with talent scouts from the big players, so your path to fame is just one devil’s bargain away.

**>** /dev/grrl

Local media is dominated by Truman Technologies and its division Truman Distribution Network (TDN). It’s said they handle the “distribution of simsense chips,” and while they do some actual physical distribution, this is meant in the abstract sense. Truman is the middle-man corporation big and small studios rely on—kind of like the German DeMeKo. They own various trideo domes, fi lm distributors, trid channels, and Matrix streaming services. In addition, TDN’s Truman Affi liate Media

Moving on to tourism, the last big revenue stream of the city. New Orleans is packed with hotels, clubs, and casinos. Not a small number of them belong to the Delta Queen Group, which unknown to many is owned by Gulfstar but is more a joint venture between them and the Cres-

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE**


**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**
