---
id: ECEG-0010
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: downtown and mid-city
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## downtown and mid-city

**Landmark Locations:** New Riverwalk, Canal Cemeteries

**Hotels & Restaurants:** Canal Inn, Crawdaddy’s Shack, Café du Monde

**Bars:** Elven Jazzer, Bayou Dwarf, Tír’s Irish Pub **Headquarters:** Hunters, New Orleans Metropolitan Security

- **Shops:** Mama Shango’s Laundromat, Chromed Zulu Cyberdoc

Downtown is where you’ll fi nd a lot of organizational headquarters. The New Orleans Metropolitan Security has its main HQ here. Likewise, you’ll fi nd the Hunters headquartered here—a high-tech, high-magic branch of the local PD that specializes in handling crimes committed by ghouls, vampires, and other HMHVV-infected. They’re a lot like other cities’ High Threat Response teams, except they come with silver stakes.

**Other Notables:** Fair Grounds, Steamboat Tours, Dragon’s Lair

This is where life happens, and the good people of New Orleans have perfected living life. You can take any of the streetcar lines across town and stop off at an elven-Irish pub or crawfi sh shack. Café du Monde is legendary in its quality and reputation, and every single tourist is going to want a steamboat tour. If you’re wealthy enough, or well-known enough, you can even take your own boat out.

- The Hunters have rightly fallen out of favor with the locals as pro-vampire sentiment grows.

Speaking of the water, gambling is only legal in New Orleans out on it. The whole vice has been relegated to gambling palaces—glorifi ed riverboats that host whole casinos. You’ll fi nd them all down the Mississippi, but the best place to stand at the water and watch them is right off the canal downtown. The most prominent of these is the Dragon’s Lair, owned by Akimura (a local dragon) by way of an inheritance from Dunkelzahn.

- Hannibelle

- They still get plenty of work to deal with from illegal zombie smuggling and violent spirits.

- Lav

- They don’t have it nearly as bad as what’s left of the vampire hunters.

- Lanyap

The New Riverwalk replaced the old one when it was closed down. The Mississippi shopping strip has just about everything you’re going to need for living life (clothing, armor,

- “Pro-vampire sentiment”? What the frag … who the frag … kids these days!

- Clockwork

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE** 6

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 118] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Hey, that’s my line!**
