---
id: ECEG-0016
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: "Security Rating: B - Trem\xE9"
page: 9
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Security Rating: B

## Tremé

- Don’t judge the people here too harshly, they’re doing what they can to survive.

**Landmarks:** Congo Square, Laveau’s Site, Armstrong Park, #1 Cemetery

- Red

Tremé is among the oldest neighborhoods in New Orleans, going all the way back to the freed slaves owning and buying homes. Slaves would hop the wall when they were given the free time to do so and gather in Congo Square to worship, make music, and dance. It’s here you’ll fi nd the Congo Square monument, still standing the test of time, depicting those people dancing and celebrating. Here you’ll fi nd the Ancestor Tree, where followers of Vodou often leave coins and tributes to ask for blessings.

- If you’re generous with the jing, those violent thieves will turn to helpful locals real fast.

**>** Lanyap

The barrens are built around Cancer Alley. The runoff from the petrochemical plants along the Mississippi between New Orleans and Baton Rouge have polluted the area with garbage making it unhealthy to live here. More than half of the CAS’s pollution can be tracked to this one area. The Awakening only made this historic garbage pile worse, as toxic spirits and mages frequently infest the area—to say nothing of the critters.

You’ll also fi nd the site of Lavaeu’s home. The actual home was torn down long before our time, but it’s still an important location in local Vodou. Different families argue over the authenticity of Marie Laveau’s magic and whether she was a real practitioner. Some go as far as to believe she went on to become a spirit, while others still believe she had no power at all. Whichever is true, magicians agree that there is a ley line here, directly under the site of her home. Supposedly, it’s signature is similar to the one underneath the #1 Cemetery, where she was laid to rest. However, the city has laid magical wards over every tomb that supposedly touched these ley lines and made it clear that tampering with the magic here is forbidden if you don’t want a visit from the Hunters.

You’ll also fi nd the Fang Collector’s HQ here. The last publicly operating vampire hunter’s guild. Once hailed as heroes of the city until folks realized that the Infected were just metahumans like themselves. Shunted out into the toxic barrens, they mostly just gather and stir up plans for some ill-defi ned revenge.

**>** Nothing more than a glorified anti-HMHVV policlub. They’re not too happy about the growing goblin population, either. **>** Red
