---
id: ECEG-0069
source: Easy Come Easy Go
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> <br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**source local materials and skills for their enterprises, and the indigenous people are happy** to oblige, at least when they’re approached in the right way. Ties to the region and an understanding of the confl icting cultures that pervade the area mean the Moonshiners can deal with local folk most corporations can’t touch, and swamp knowledge lets them move about as they please away from the watchful eyes of law enforcement.

- **Isn’t it possible they just hired some magical assistance?**

- **> Miss Muffet**

- That is not the case.

- Orange Queen

- I guess that settles the question, then.

- Sounder

- Only if you trust their word.

- **>** Clockwork

  - Worth noting that it’s not just law enforcement. Most krewes are urban in nature, and while they may have the gear to get out in the swamps, they can’t keep tabs on the goings-on out there like the Moonshiners do.

- It’s probably safer to assume she’s involved than to doubt it and be proved wrong. The Sea Dragon’s been snapping up property and land all over lately, and it wouldn’t surprise me to find out they want corporate controls, too.

- **>** Miss Muffet

- Lanyap

In the last couple years, the Moonshiner’s Union has made another interesting alliance. They seem to have some sort of partnership with the Crime Dragon. Specifi cs are spotty, and I don’t think they outright work for Terasca, but the number of times their work has coincided is too much to discount.

- It doesn’t seem like they want to be a bigshot in that world the way Lofwyr is, though. They’re likely to throw Francisco Transportation away as soon as they’re done with it. We’ve seen plenty of evidence showing what they think of metahumans.

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Sounder
