---
id: FP-0160
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Archivists
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Archivists**

**The least formal of the bunch, the Archivists are a support group by, for, and about trolls who work to keep knowledge preserved. They travel around and teach troll communities higher education, but more than that, they teach how to** _**learn**_ **, how to seek out more knowledge, and how to pass that information on. I honestly can’t tell you if they have a formal membership or if it’s more of a “If you think you are one of us, then you** _**are**_ **one of us” thing. There doesn’t seem to be a leadership structure, no funding outside of what each member carries with them, and no greater agenda, but they always seem to show up when they’re needed, and having a few trolls on hand when things get to the boots and bats stage is handy. One way that they’ve been combatting perception is through, I drek you not, storytelling. They volunteer at children’s hospitals, schools, libraries, anywhere where there are lots of people, especially kids, and they just … read. They tell stories, showcase the written word, and they do so while being calm, cool, and collected. And trolls. That part’s important. Things you don’t know are strange and scary, but** _**people**_ **you know aren’t scary at all. They’ve been working at taking the social stigma out of just existing, and patiently sit there and answer questions about their horns, how tall they are, how much they eat, and so on, while entertaining kids and teaching things that no one else ever takes the time to do. It’s an analog life in a digital world, but it’s making inroads.**

- **Too many, it seems. The past year has seen the Humanis pushing back, saying that the trolls are trying to trick the children into thinking that they’re safe, suggesting that it’s all a scam so that they can lure children in to eat, that there’s some conspiracy on**

**to infect the kids with Goblinization, and so on. Counter-protests have started showing up and get ugly. Of course, some of the more Human Nation-aligned guys have tried to get physical, and, well, mild-mannered troll librarians are still trolls. Some lessons have to be taught in person.**

**> Sounder**

- **Hang on. Orks, trolls, dwarfs … nothing for elves? What gives?**

- **> Slamm-0!**

- **Two Tírs not enough for you?**

- **> 2XL**
