---
id: FP-0159
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Dwarf League
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Dwarf League**

**Easy to overlook these guys (g-harf, g-harf) but they quietly compile data on assorted anti-dwarf crime, the usual anti-dwarf slander, and have extensive fles on assorted hate group iconography and codewords. They send out monthly reports to all the major media outlets and make their database available for public consumption as well. They’re very well-funded, and their talking heads on weekend shows are always brilliant and persuasive. They have the advantage of being the oldest meta-protecting organization out there that’s composed of those metahumans. They’re a far smaller organization than the previous two, so they can’t stage large public demonstrations, but they have more infuence behind the scenes, with connections to fnancial decision-makers, business administrators, and so on. Dwarfs, as a whole, have kept their heads down and worked for seventy years now**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**and are seen by many as “good metas,” examples for the others to follow. They trade on that reputation rarely, but when they do, you hear about it. Close family ties in dwarf communities and common union membership mean that when the Dwarf League sends something out, it gets passed around with lightning speed.**

- **I’d be remiss if I didn’t point out that they mainly look out for other dwarfs. The work that they do is also helpful to us, but that’s more a side-effect than a goal.**

- **2XL**

- **Since MOM means all metahumans, there are plenty of dwarfs with connections to both groups, so the Dwarf League often steps in to handle legal matters for MOM. I’ve got it on good authority that they handle a good chunk of the financing as well.**

- **> Clockwork**

- **Wait. There’s someone Clockwork likes?!**

- **Pistons**
