---
id: FP-0182
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Marko makes more popcorn Winterhawk takes a handful
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **#Marko makes more popcorn# #Winterhawk takes a handful#**

**Because nous is not a mana-reliant energy, Awakened beings have no more ability to interact with it than non-Awakened ones. The difference being that individuals who are trained in disciplines relating to mana, magic, and the metaplanes can develop ways to interact with this on a very basic level. It’s about the thought, the training, the psyche of the individual. And if enough of this psychic energy gathers in an area, it garners the attention of what I refer to as Psyche.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 239] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [175 x 375] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
111<br>SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [420 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 391] intentionally omitted \<==**

**adrift, I may have encountered … it … directly. Everything I say here is from my historical perspective, and my sense of history or time is not good at all.**

- **This “Psyche” sounds a bit like yet another super-being from another universe and the drivel that goes with it.**

- **> Clockwork**

- **In hindsight, it certainly will, and perhaps on some level that might even be true. I put this together as part of my agreement for my ongoing sanctuary. I cannot make you think or believe otherwise, nor will I try. My goal is to merely surface this concept.**

  - **I know I want to believe you, but not really.**

  - **Plan 9**

  - **Whoa, Plan 9 doesn’t really believe this? I think I’m lost.**

  - **Beaker**

- **Refugee**

**Psyche, or at least what I believe to be the same thing Refugee is talking a about, is something I met in the resonant realm known as Human Malice (often just called Malice). I was hurting, deeply hurting, and honestly don’t recall why I was there. While in that place, trying to understand why I was there, what I might call a Music sprite approached me. The cacophony of melodies it generated was overwhelming. The closer it came, and the longer it remained, the infuence of the realm diminished. My head cleared, my heart with it. I was no longer feeling worthless, plagued with the survivor syndrome that was at my core. When it offered what I might call a hand up and out, I accepted it. It took me out of Malice and into someplace that was just different, like a wild Matrix zone, only nothing leaped out to devour us. Wraith found me there and helped reunite me with myself.**

**To gather more information, I’m stepping off my virtual speaker’s box for the moment so someone else can take the stage.**
