---
id: FP-0156
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Opposition Report
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Opposition Report**

**Well,** _**almost**_ **everywhere. Luckily, there are people who stand up against this. Good people. Like my daughter before …**

- **<hugs>**

- **Butch**

**Sorry, staying on target.**

**First, I want to go back to earlier, where we talked about how a third of the population have racist thoughts, and while only a small fraction of those are actively working to harm metahumans, it’s still far too many. Well, the fipside of that is that two-thirds of people do** _**not**_ **have those thoughts, or they actively work to counter them. We outnumber the bad guys by a lot. The problem is that the good guys aren’t motivated to do anything, while the haters are. “The only thing needed for evil to win is for good people to do nothing” and all that. The vast majority of people are just apathetic; they’re too worn down from day-to-day life and their own problems to get up and get involved in combating the Humanis and what they stand for. Educating people helps, as some of those hands are idle because they just aren’t aware of what happens when Lone Star starts grabbing people for “walking while tusked” or don’t believe that it happens until they see it with their own two eyes. No, the bigger problem is that people know about it but don’t understand that they can make a difference. They’re not motivated, but when you** _**can**_ **get people up in arms and active, then change,** _**real**_ **change, can happen. Don’t believe me? Look at Prop 23.**

- **Yeaaahhh, maybe not the best example there, Bull ol’ bean. I mean, we gained the Seattle Underground, but we lost the Ork Underground. The Axegrinders are a problem, and a whole lot of people lost their homes. But then, I probably don’t need to tell you that.**

- **Sounder**

- **But those who stayed now have a much better life! Clean water! Reliable electricity! Booming business! It’s everything**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**a community wants, and the orks who stayed (unlike the chaff who fled) have demonstrably better lives due to it. Have you seen the new school being built down there? I need to start an outreach program down there, see if I can get some of the better minds on my side. > 0rkCE0**
