---
id: FP-0122
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Killing Jars
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Killing Jars**

**Developed at the Nexus in the 2050s, killing jars have become a common security feature of most data havens. These constructs create a nested host situated between an outer host connected to the Matrix, and the data haven’s host concealed inside the Shadow Matrix. Most data havens use several killing jars, each connected to a different outer host, that operate on a rotating schedule known to the regular users.**

**A killing jar is a small, scale 1 host with an insanely high rating (usually 10 or 11). Sculpting is typically designed to be a small, enclosed area like a waiting room, subway station, or train car with a grade that can be anywhere on the scale. Killing jars are loaded with active IC waiting for a command, usually sculpted to appear as the occupants of the room. Once a visitor enters a killing jar, they will normally wait to be let out by someone; if they want to risk it, however, they can try to locate the gates on their own. All of the gates in and out of a killing jar will always be well concealed with a typical threshold of 6 to perceive—and that’s after you locate them by analyzing the host. But be warned, using a random gate out of a killing jar is a game of Russian roulette using an almost-full gun. In addition to the entry gate and the exit to the data haven, there could be as many as a dozen others, with all these additional gates leading to a trap door designed to dump an unwary intruder out of the Matrix.**

**When a visitor shows up in a killing jar, they will always be greeted by a high-rating agent. Members with high reps and other regular users of the data haven will have the correct passcodes to move right through with little diffculty. For other visitors, the process is a little more unfriendly. The agent will ask a series of questions and perhaps run a trace on a physical location. Depending on the answers (and the actions of the visitor), the agent may open the gate to the data haven, call in a system admin to check things out further, or**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [524 x 34] intentionally omitted \<==**
