---
id: FP-0130
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

The fi rst thing to know about the French Touch is that it’s not its real name. Its actual designation is a string of French words accomplishing the not-so-diffi cult feat of being both a mouthful and impossible to pronounce for non-native speakers.

- You mean challenging for an English speaker.

- Netcat

Consequently, the media almost immediately dubbed the consortium the “French Touch,” and the nickname stuck. Or at least, that’s what the legend says. In reality, I’m pretty sure one of its founders, Adrien Saurat, planned all of this. I take the fact that he trademarked the name—on behalf of the organization—only a few minutes before the press release announcing its birth as proof.

If the French Touch is not the actual name of the consortium, its true nature is also not what most



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**people think it is. Well, most people are morons, so, no surprise there. What you need to remember and understand—and I really mean** _**understand**_ **— is that the French Touch is** _**not**_ **a corporation. It’s even less a French megacorporation.**

**> In theory, if you aggregated all the assets of the members, the French Touch would be large enough to be a pretender to AAA status. Smaller than most, but probably bigger than Horizon. However, this calculation is devoid of any meaning. For starters, some of those assets would directly belong to other AAAs that have subsidiaries within the consortium. Also, the affiliates are not at all integrated the way a real corporate structure would be.**

**And, on top of everything, it does not have any kind of corporate army, and many of its modest members do not have extraterritoriality.**

**> €spion**

**Now that we’ve established what it’s not, let’s talk about what it is. For that, we need to understand what happened when the Corporate Court announced the Megacorporate Revision in 2077. This lit on fre the forest where AA and A lived and spread panic all across the board. In the meantime, the AAA hunted and devoured as many smaller corps as they could, trying to fatten themselves up to preserve or bump up their rank.**

**We all know how it ended. S-K lost the game and MCT, like a twisted yakuza’s version of an obscene prom queen, got the crown. However, in France, the audit came at a particular time that led to the improbable birth of the French Touch.**

**As I mentioned in Marianne’s dossier in** _**Null Value**_ **, Kervelec ratifed the BRA in 2071. This replaced the Loureau Act of 2041 and its protectionist safeguards against foreign megacorps. This opened the gates for the AAAs to pillage French industries.**

**The businesses that had been safe until then from megacorporation predation were quickly acquired or dismantled, one by one. Megacorporations like Aztechnology, Ares, and Renraku emerged as the biggest winners. Today, they are the most prominent AAAs—along with S-K, naturally.**

- **Ares in France is not at all what one has grown to expect from the AAA. Ares Global Entertainment is the most dominant of Ares’ French activities, and it shows. It controls the largest media, entertainment, and information operation in the world. Their media savvy and cultural awareness makes them distinct from Ares’ overall culture.**

- **Employees avoid martial lingo and styling. They privately**

- **despise their security and miltech colleagues, comparing their “colleagues from over there” to a bunch of “rude, uncivilized, and trigger-happy cowboys.” They are loyal little soldiers to their core, and it makes their corporate chauvinism more aggravating, because they think their warfare is more**

**consequential than what others do. Also, AGE and Ares France remain nearly untouched by Ares’ troubles. > Skarn-Ka**

**Horizon gained a solid foothold in France by using EuroDisney as a base to conquer virtual Paris. From there, they took control of the tourism market in the capital by inserting themselves between the companies providing tourism services and their customers. Everyone from airlines to local cafés relies on Horizon for infrastructure, marketing, and coordination to proft off large groups and large spenders. Consequently, most corp earnings from tourism are instantly transferred to the AAA to cover all of these fees and royalties. In short, Horizon sells the scissors to businesses who cut open the tourists’ pockets, and it holds the bags collecting the money that falls out. My former employer has leveraged this dependency into control.**

**Throughout the ’70s, the French As and AAs struggled to survive endless assaults and takeovers. The famous and powerful ones were still around, but almost a decade of battles had drained their resources. With the announcement of the Megacorporate Audit, they all saw the writing on the wall. They needed salvation, and they jumped at what now seems like an obvious idea from the dynamic duo of Hugues Fauchon and Adrien Saurat: form a sort of defensive alliance among the independent French business interests. Members of the organization would not share assets, or even stop competing, but if foreign corporations threatened any member, the alliance could rally all others into a combined defense of that member.**

- **Like a French version of the Pacific Prosperity Group?**

- **Ma’Fan**

- **More or less.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**The bulldrek began immediately. They marketed the alliance to the people as a powerful tool for France and claimed it was not a bunch of local corps running like scared chickens. They spread a load of bulldrek about promoting France’s uniqueness, its culture (including its famous gastronomy), and some barely hidden chauvinistic manure for good measure, to cover up what was actually cowardly scheming.**

- **Sim-Eon is a bit harsh here. The best offense is a strong defense. Pulling together such an alliance was quite hard, especially in only a few weeks, but this proved to be a brilliant strategy that genuinely caught the AAAs by surprise. The Megacorporate Audit had a time limit. The megas had a limited window to gobble up as much as they could. The alliance just had to wait them out.**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 386] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 386] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 380] intentionally omitted \<==**

**So when AAAs realized that orchestrating a hostile takeover of, let’s say, Vinci, would also mean dealing with retaliation from Lagardère-Publicis, Veolia, and nearly a dozen others, they often elected to go after an easier target. In the end, this saved most of the smaller French corps.**

**through the organization. This has really helped solidify what was, at its inception, a loose alliance. > Orbital DK**
