---
id: FP-0064
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Database Dispersion
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Database Dispersion**

**The runners are hired to access a GEED and download paydata from their host on locations and owners of tarot cards. The pay is above average for the area because it requires the team to avoid killing anyone or causing serious property damage. These stipulations are there to make the work appear to be an inside job, but the actual contractor is a Mr. Johnson from a scorned Aztechnology executive, Alejandro Gutierrez, who was refused membership. He’s trying to both gain intel on where to acquire cards and sew distrust within the society. He can’t offer any inside info or special access. Legwork and infltration are solely on the runners.**

**Security around the GEED is high-end on all fronts. There are thirteen guards on duty at all times and all are Awakened, with most being adepts or mystic adepts. They patrol the grounds and estates with the aid of spirits and a trio of trained barghests. Echoes prefer the security to be inconspicuous. All the guards dress and act the part of**

**some form of estate worker (groundskeeper, butler, chauffeur, maintenance, etc.), with well-disguised body armor (armor jacket equivalent) and hidden small arms (SMG and heavy pistol).**

**All GEEDs have a closed Matrix host that can only be accessed on site, but it connects all the GEEDs via satellite. The host has IC, sprites, and a technomancer spider with seven other technomancers able to respond to major issues in a GOD-like fashion, but if the hacker stays low-key, they should not have a problem. They can also cut off access from the other technomancers by physically deactivating the satellite link. Locating and downloading the data in the host is relatively easy if they can avoid being detected, but if they are detected, the technomancer will do everything in their power to stop them.**
