---
id: FP-0258
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Corporations
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Corporations**

**Generally speaking, regardless of whether they are unranked or part of the Big Ten—unless we are interfering with their business—it’s an “out of sight, out of mind” scenario. I’m not naïve and I’ve accepted that some of the money and support we’ve gotten over the decades came from them. They run the world, and if dealing with us to get the job done is what they need, then that’s what they will do. And if it helps our cause, or at least doesn’t oppose it, most of us don’t care.**

**Sometimes, however, their objectives come in confict with ours. Mitsuhama has been blacklisted for what they did to the Tsimshian Nation. We refuse to knowingly work with them, and we oppose their actions regularly. Speaking of the Tsimshian, we are keeping a close eye on Wuxing, and any**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 242] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 242] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 138] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [420 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**entity has been our main opposition. It was the nation who wronged us the most. Even today, the few indigenous people who still live here face discrimination from the population, as well as systematic discrimination from state and federal authorities: lower income, higher dependency issues, higher proportion in the carceral system. Discrimination that is compounded with metahuman discrimination.**

**corps involved in the “cleaning the land” initiative. There is defnitely a catch, and we don’t want another corporate puppet state.**

- **Despite their claims, Warpath is the typical terrorist organization that corps just love to instrumentalize for their own benefits. Competitor is building a fancy lab on Native lands? Let’s find a Warpath cell stupid enough to take our money to blow it up.**

**Early on, the UCAS listed us as a domestic terrorist organization. The FBI created a small team assigned to us, taking any cases off the hands of local or state authorities. They have attempted, with varying degrees of success, to infltrate Warpath, but so far do not seem to have had any huge wins. They are also the ones keeping us on the UCAS Most Wanted list.**

- **Clockwork**

**S-K, Maersk, and Polaris, mentioned in the** _**Cutting Black**_ **upload, are another trio we are keeping a close eye on. We haven’t fully fgured out what they are up to in the Athabaskan and Algonkian-Manitou lands, and in Northern Québec, but we’re not going to sit back and wait for them to decide that our lands and resources belong to them before opposing them.**

**While the FBI is our main issue, other agencies, including the Marshals, the DEA, the ATFE, and state police and sheriff bureaus, are not to be neglected. They have fles and task forces dedicated to us. Thankfully, they don’t always play nice together, so we have been able to use this to our advantage. We also regularly appear on the Most Wanted lists of several states. We are currently in the top ten in Winnipeg and Massachusetts.**
