---
id: FP-0215
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Davey Leznewski
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Davey Leznewski**

**Leznewski does not seem like one of founding members of a secretive information-gathering organization. He seems like the ork at the sports bar rooting perhaps a little too loudly for the home team. That’s because he often** _**is**_ **the guy at a sports bar rooting too loudly for the home team.**

**Leznewski always knew he was popular, but he thought it was just his natural charm. Turned out he was partially right—it was natural, but it was adept abilities, not just charm. He learned could get away with behavior that would be called boorish in others, and he loved it. He loved people yelling his name when he walked into a room. He loved high-fving strangers. He loved noise and energy.**

**That sort of high-profle boisterousness might not seem like the right ft for the shadows, but it can work if you can channel it appropriately and know how to use it. That’s how Leznewski is. When you think he’s focused on the game and yelling, he’s actually keenly reading and observing the crowd around him. When he’s high-fving a stranger, he may be copying that stranger’s palm print with a skin-like print reader on his hand. And when you think he’s going home to sleep off his hangover, he’s actually going out to show that he can do the quiet part of working in the shadows, too.**

**People love telling Leznewski things because they want to be his friend and they want to impress him. That’s his core skill, and he wields it well.**

- **I’ve always said that the two most dangerous people in any crowd are the loudest person and the quietest.**

- **Fianchetto**
