---
id: FP-0270
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Treasure Hunt
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Treasure Hunt**

**Who doesn’t love a nice relaxing museum visit? The runners are hired to break into the Peabody Museum in Boston to retrieve a wool sash with glass beads from their collection. The sash itself is quite mundane, but it is a symbolic item to the Warpath Lodge in Boston. If the theft goes well, they have additional items, both mundane and magically active, that they would like to retrieve. These items can be found in North American and European museums, in private collections, and in the Atlantean Foundation.**

- **Cost: 5 Karma**

- **Game Effect: Gain +1 bonus Edge for any social interaction with a member of Warpath or their sympathizers. You might even be able to ask for their help … at a cost.**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
USING THIS<br>BOOK<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**The easiest way to use this book is as a coll** ec **ti** on o **f** p **l** o **t h** oo **k** s, enem **i** es, an **d** poss **ibl** e a **lli** es for your _Shadowrun_ game. Whether the runners are butting heads with Humanis thugs, assisting (or combatting) a Warpath strike, or hunting tarot cards for the cartomancers, this book is full of ideas for runs and missions. Every chapter has plot ideas, and some chapters include specifi cs on how to use information from that chapter in your game.

**game. As should be clear from the chapter, there are** very rea **l** para **ll** e **l** s **b** e **t** ween **h** ow **H** uman **i** s ac **t** s an **d** real-world groups and individuals. These are sensitive areas that can touch on very real trauma people have experienced, and referencing this behavior in a game can surface emotions connected to that trauma in a way that removes all fun. It is critical to talk with players at your table about their comfort level with racial topics and groups such as Humanis. Stay within everyone’s boundaries and don’t risk compromising the fun of your game.

Beyond that, here are a few points of advice about using material from this book.
