---
id: FP-0141
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: '> SPD'
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> SPD**

- **It goes the other way around too. Mariannists often find an ally in the French Touch when defending the new cyber-republic also serves the consortium’s interests.**

- **Iz0bel75**

**One last thing that we often forget because it’s been over a century now is that France used to be a colonial power. The nation still has remnants of these “glorious days” in the shape of an island here and there, or a piece of land that still belongs to France in some distant country.**

- **And, of course, France still has a lot of pull in many countries that used to be part of its empire, like Morocco, Tahiti, and the Gold and Ivory Coast Tribal Land. However, this remaining influence is very much dependent on the stability, if any, of the local government.**

- **Traveler Jones**

**So, naturally, you tend to run into interests of the French Touch in those territories, and (more importantly) the consortium often uses these as rear bases for any op in the area. For instance, last month, Saurat orchestrated an extraction at a wine convention in New Orleans. His runners prepped for the job in French Guyana and came back with their quarry to hide for a little while before bring-**

**ing him to his fnal destination of Bordeaux.**

**Another example is Saint Pierre and Miquelon, right beneath Newfoundland (UCAS), where the consortium is quite present with subsidiaries of Les Mousquetaires. Their relationship with the local fshing cooperative is unsurprisingly terrible, and often they try to get some runners from “la Métropole” (France) to come to do some nasty blackmail or wetwork against the locals. Fortunately for the locals, runner teams willing to hit the little guys so directly, and travel for it, are not that common.**

**Les Mousquetaires is also one of the main actors of the fshing business in “La Réunion” (or Réunion in English), a small island close to Madagascar. They have their largest offces in SaintGilles, and from there they pilot all their activities in the Indian Ocean and even in Australia. It’s diffcult business because they have to invest heavily in security to fend off pirates and competitors (not forgetting, potentially, agents of the Sea Dragon). So don’t be surprised if Fauchon or Saurat are recruiting you to track down and sink the boats of a particularly nasty pirate crew or to do recon on the last sighting of Khelina Makani (an important agent of the Sea Dragon mentioned in** _**Collapsing Now**_ **) in Manila.**

**In short, the French Touch can be active almost anywhere on the planet, not unlike a megacorporation, and also similarly, may have a small member of the consortium active in part of the world that appears quite remote from France.**
