---
id: FP-0011
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: '> Elijah'
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Elijah**

**The powers of the world are lining up, some on the side of Dis, some opposed. Others are still trying to fgure out what’s going on and where they should be. They risk, though, just standing around while the wine drops to the table.**

**==> picture [233 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Dis has already started making their moves. The recent spurt of bloodletting we’re calling the Week of Death removed a lot of shadow assets and others who stood in their way. They are gathering reagents, spirits, and spellcasters to Awakened sites, and they are developing new rituals whose intended outcomes are uncertain. The power they will channel is high, so** _**something**_ **is going to happen. The question everyone is working to infuence is what that something is and who will be the most hurt by it.**

**==> picture [100 x 174] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
THE WORLD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Mitsuhama, Aztechnology, and Wuxing lead the corporate Dis allies, with Saeder-Krupp being an initial ally but possibly wavering. Evo and Renraku are the headliners in the anti-Dis side, with Horizon looking for a way to be useful to them. Other powers are trying to fgure out how wrong this might all go, what might be left standing when it’s over, and how big a big piece they can claim. Assuming it’s not just a blasted heap.**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [233 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
THE DIS THREAT // STATE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
