---
id: FP-0166
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Making a Connection
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Making a Connection**

**Joining the Humanis Policlub’s easy … if you’re a human. You just jander into the local meeting hall and sign up for a moderate fee. They’ll start sending you newsletters via the Matrix, fundraising messages, information about the latest dire thing metas did, fundraising requests about that, information about future meetings, fundraising for those meetings, updates on political activities in the nation, fundraising to get bills passed, and so on. Getting to the in-person meetings is a bit harder, since you need a background check, but it isn’t that hard. They mainly want to suss out journalists and don’t worry overly much past that; they’re well aware that ordinary people don’t join unless they’re fearful, and the constant stream of disinformation is designed to draw you deeper and deeper in. Moving up through the ranks is harder and harder, with tighter checks on each level, a need for sponsorship, and so on, but the smaller the organization, the easier it is to infltrate. Supposedly at the very highest level, they have magical mindreading tricks, but anything less than that? They just don’t have the resources.**

**Getting the initial invitation is as easy as spouting some racist crap within earshot of an existing member; they’ll come over, ask what’s wrong, nod along, then usually hustle you off the street to somewhere more private where Those People aren’t listening, where they can say what’s really on their mind. For many, it never goes further than this, with one drinking buddy or friend who’s generally an alright chummer, but if he’s a bit racist,**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**hey, that’s just Tony. The ones with stronger feelings get invited in, and from there it’s pretty standard. Honestly, I expected more here—brandings, crazy rituals, drinking elf blood, all that drek from the trids, but no, they’re pretty banal. If it wasn’t for hate, they wouldn’t even associate with one another. I hope you’ll forgive me here when I say just how** _**pedestrian**_ **everything is.**

- **If you’re a metahuman, it’s harder, but not impossible. The fellows at the country club were arm’s length with me when I first joined, but after a few months of bourbon and cigars, they understood that I was an all right fellow and invited me in. I’ve spoken at several meetings, and I’m happy to fund some of the organization’s activities. Quite frankly, the things that they hate about tuskers, other orks really hate about tuskers. I’m allowed to say the truths that they aren’t. In return, my company gets opportunities that it otherwise wouldn’t. A win-win.**

- **0rkCE0**

- **You know they’ll drop you the second you’re no longer useful, right? You’re a pawn.**

- **Butch**

- **Maybe, but at the end of the day, I’m on the game board, and you’re not.**

- **0rkCE0**

- **Look at that moral high horse Butch is riding over there. Like you didn’t drill into the cranium of a bunch of head cases. One runner’s moral saint is another’s sucker. I hate these bastards more than you do, but everyone here praises you while condemning me. Drives me up a wall.**

- **Clockwork**
