---
id: FP-0274
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Relating to Higher Powers
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Relating to Higher Powers**

**A shadowrunner could go their whole career without ever personally encountering someone as high-ranking as Michael Bishop, the new CEO of Ares. The corporate tensions that come with his position, though, could easily affect any jobs they do for or against Ares. For example, Bishop might have some skeletons in his closet that his opponents want revealed, which is the perfect job for shadowrunners. Additionally, the section on Bishop’s goals shows how he will lead his corporation. The priorities of building and enhancing relationships with the CAS and UCAS will certainly affect how runs in those nations go. Ares won’t want to cause any signifcant disturbances in these nations, so jobs within those borders will need discretion.**

**Additionally, Bishop has internal tensions to deal with. For everyone within the corp pulling for his success, there are at least two looking to undercut him and get someone else in his position. If runners are working on a job for Ares that might make Bishop look good, they need to be aware that sabotage from within is a real possibility.**

**The PCs have a better chance of encountering the entity known as Psyche, if only because it is a broad, egalitarian reach. Like Bishop, though, it’s more likely for them to encounter Psyche’s infuence, especially people looking to gain a boon from Psyche. In general, the important thing to remember is that the infuence of powerful people in the Sixth World carries far beyond personal contact with them. Their sphere of infuence ripples through the waters of the entire world.**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


The Sixth World feels like it’s perpetually in the middle of slow-motion collapse, disaster after disaster threatening to bring parts or all of it down. So it’s critical to know what might push some of these disasters over the edge, turning slow motion into a full-on downward plunge.

**Falling Point** profiles ten people and organizations standing on a precipice. Sometimes they’re the ones who might go over the edge; other times they’re looking at someone else they can push. Either way, they’re going to play a significant role in unfolding events, so runners better know about them before they run into them in the shadows.

**Falling Point** is a threats sourcebook for **Shadowrun, Sixth World.**

CAT28453

catalystgamelabs.com I shadowrunsixthworld.com
