---
id: FP-0177
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Making a Connection
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Making a Connection**

**There’s not much of a chance for any of us to meet with the average CEO of an A-rated corp, let alone a double-A, and someone in charge of one of the Big Ten? Forget it.**

**Normally.**

**With Bishop, that’s not entirely true. There are two vectors where it’s possible, if unlikely. The frst, of course, is to just be a shadowrunner. Bishop’s a former Mr. Johnson, and before that a face, so he knows the shadows and knows them well. With his need to straighten out his corp, but the limitations on using Ares assets, he’ll have to go outside the normal channels to get things done. Ordinarily, you pass that kind of need to a lackey, who moves it a few steps down the chain until it lands on the desk of a Mr. Johnson, and from there, to us. Bishop’s done the work himself, and he doesn’t have enough assets in place yet to do this kind of thing easily, so he might get his own hands dirty and make deals himself. At least in Seattle he has Karen King to serve as a go-between, and her own layers of Mr. Johnsons, but you never want to keep all your eggs in one basket. He has to branch out, he has to build other networks, and he has to trust new people. I don’t know how long it’ll take, but, at least for now, there are openings.**

**The second vector is to approach him from one of his personal interests. If you have a young artist in your circle, you might be able to get in through a gallery show, or if you have a musician, there’s a chance of getting backstage or, even better, inside a recording studio. Have a contact who scalps tickets? Bishop goes to a few sporting events, especially basketball (he supports Philly’s own teams, naturally, which is leading to some friendly wagers against local politicians in Atlanta), but he’ll be in expensive seats or private corporate booths rather than with the hoi poloi.**

**The former approach is for business, the second is for more personal connections, but neither**
