---
id: FP-0257
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Native American Nations
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Native American Nations**

**You’d think the NAN would be our strongest allies, but they are not monolithic and, from the onset, have generally refused to support our claims. They would not even advocate for us with the States back in the ’20s. Most of their offcials will turn a blind eye to our activities and our presence on their lands, but they won’t put their necks out to help us. A sore point we have with those same offcials is the “pinkskin” tribe situation there. We couldn’t care less that they have embraced our lifestyle and traditions: they’re not welcome, and they need to leave.**

**As for the population’s opinion, it varies widely. For the most part, the cause is not resonating with them anymore, and we get little to no support.**

**In the SSC and PCC, it’s a bit better. We’ve got either small pockets of supporters, mainly from those opposed to the presence of the Tír, Seattle, California, or Denver; or, within the Ute and the Tsimshian Nations, strong support and a fair number of members since more have recently embraced our cause, embittered and disillusioned by the loss of their own lands.**

**Then there’s the resettled Eastern Tribes, who have lived through or were taught about the events of the ’20s. They are our most adamant supporters and our primary member pool, outside of the Native Americans still residing in the UCAS/CAS, of course. These two groups form our backbone.**

**We also have those who outright oppose us, mainly in the Tsimshian Protectorate, and the cowards in Oceti Sakowin and the AMC who fear retribution from the UCAS and CAS. They can be quite the thorn in our sides when they are in a position of power.**

**The Koshari merit a special mention here. While we are currently cooperating on Fox Island, we don’t trust them. They’ve shown their willingness to crush any opposition, even within the NAN, and this is giving us a bad case of déjà vu, so we’re threading that needle with care.**
