---
id: FP-0074
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Tactics - Synthesis
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Tactics**

## **Synthesis**

**As I mentioned above, the primary tactic of Convergence is to combine information they are getting from a range of sources in order to attempt to fgure out what this “something” is. Their divination and hacking skills are considerable, but**

**==> picture [238 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**they lack a good ground game to build a picture of the present that might help them better understand what they are seeing in the future. For this reason, they are partnering with intelligence agencies, especially Aegis Cognito, to get information they need.**

**The big question about this synthesis work is whether it is getting anywhere. Do they know what this “something” they are pursuing might involve? The answer is no, but from what I have learned, here are elements they think they know:**

- **Shifting and re-alignment: They have a number of visions along these lines—planets switching place, city buildings collapsing and then immediately springing up into new shapes, that kind of thing. From that, they believe that some large, world-scale re-alignment is coming. That could mean a change in the Big Ten, a shift in national power, or something else.**

- **The Sixth World Tarot: Diviners have been very excited about this item ever since it became more prominent in the ’70s, and many of them are adamant that it will play a role in whatever is about to unfold. Whether that means the key to understanding what’s coming is in how the cards can be read, or physical possession of the cards is important, or something else remains to be seen. Whatever the case, interest in the cards is intensifying.**

- **The name Coloroso: The only thing I know here is that this name has popped up in far too many divinations to be overlooked (one diviner claimed to have seen that name inscribed in a sheep’s liver). Is it a person, place, company, or something else? I don’t know, but the name is uncommon enough that you’re not going to happen across it everywhere—so if you do, pay attention.**

- **The moon: This is a head-scratcher, but the diviners who say it matters have been exceedingly vocal about it. Is it something to do with the moon base? The phases of the moon? That is very uncertain, but it seems our closest celestial rock has a role to play in the upcoming drama.**
