---
id: FP-0100
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Recent Events
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Recent Events**

**In March 2082, the Denver Data Haven suffered a serious attack on the host through its Foundation connection by a group of Matrix xenosapients known as the Null Sect. The attack nearly succeeded in destroying the primary host. Rumors have also circulated that unknown actors conducted a physical attack on the new Beta Site at the same time. With the actual location of this facility being a closely guarded secret, we have been unable to independently confrm this second attack. It is also curious that these attacks preceded the Aurora Event by a few days, and many have speculated that the two events are connected. It’s also worth noting that many conspiracy theorists are claiming that MCT was an active participant in both events, though there are no records in the MCT database that would indicate any activity in Denver during that time.**

- **I’ve seen the chip truth about everything that happened in Denver last year, and MCT was definitely at the center of it. The reason why MCT doesn’t have internal records about their own black ops is because they arranged for the Null Sect to remove all their records. Scrubbing the Matrix wasn’t good enough, so they also sent everyone involved to Manhattan so that an outfit called Animus could erase their memories about what happened. ‘Course, it was all wasted effort—we all know data never really disappears. You make the right deal with the right people—or things—and it all gets pulled back up. That’s what ended up happening, and the boss has all the proof about what happened in claw, so to speak. Not sure what he plans to do with it, though.**

- **Spyder**

- **I saw your post in the “Scotophobia” drop about making deals with the Null Sect. They can’t be trusted, and it’s going to be something you and your master will both regret. Frag, it will end up being something we’ll all regret.**

- **Puck**
