---
id: FP-0234
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Life at the Top
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Life at the Top**

**Leadership of the Big Ten is in more fux than it has been in a while. Ares and Spinrad Global both have newly minted CEOs—both of whom were put in place without a clear, pre-existing succession plan. Ysil is also fairly new at the top of Evo, and some leaders are still working to adjust to a naga CEO. On top of that, while Mitsuhama has had a good run as the number one megacorporation in the world, the ongoing weight of everyone always gunning for them is taking a toll, which the Dis situation may exacerbate. Should MCT lose their top spot, someone near the top might pay the price for this failure.**

**This means there’s a lot of jockeying for position and the construction of new relationships at the top. The setting for much of this is an institution beloved by Johnny Spinrad—the European Grand Tour. Ysil, Michael Bishop, and Gabrielle Spinrad will all be regulars on the tour, mingling with other rich and powerful people and making the sorts of deals that can make or break corporations and nations. Information from these meetings will be worth a lot, so the Tiding will likely be involved in gathering information even if they don’t have an immediate client.**

- **If you’re the type of runner who can work the Grand Tour, get ready, because things are going to be hopping next year. No insult to anyone here, but most of you can’t play at that level—I know I can’t. Successfully passing yourself off as someone who can mingle with the rich and powerful for ten minutes is one thing. Doing it for a few hours every week or so is entirely another. You have to keep your poise, make sure you have a broad base of knowledge, and never slip up on etiquette (unless you can make it look like your slip was on purpose, which is another kind of talent). It’s a demanding job, but if you can do it, you could book your entire year and have a fantastic time eating, drinking, and waiting for dozens of people to delicately slip a knife between your ribs.**

- **Glitch**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [367 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
