---
id: FP-0066
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Major Mishap
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Major Mishap**

**Revenge never closes wounds, but it pays bills. ELIS, normally logical and nice, gets his hands on a card only to discover it is a fake—and a trap card at that. The Fool card has exploded in ELIS’ face, and he’s out for revenge and to make an example of the offender.**

**He hires the runners and gives them everything he knows about the fxer who arranged the deal and all the intel he put together on the seller and the trap card incident.**

**Phoenix, ELIS’ shaman friend, said the astral signature of the magic from the trap card was unique and very powerful. He can Mindlink and share it with the team’s magician. The signature has touches of elven magic, along with something chaotic, all woven into an ordered tapestry and edged by magic he doesn’t understand. The tagged seller is part of a gang in Denver called the Jesters. They’re a clown/harlequin/mime-themed thrill gang.**

**Out on the streets, the runners should get pointed to the real culprit at some point. The actual seller is Harlequin, who hates that his visage is on one of these annoying cards. He imbues a number of forgery Fool cards with enough mojo to look real and then sells them to card hunters. He’s been doing it for years, but all the card hunters who got tricked have either died or been too embarrassed to do anything about it.**

**ELIS is hard to kill and is now vengeful, and his card debacle might be the end of Harlequin’s games. No one is going to kill the Laughing Man, but ELIS’ retribution via the runners could be enough to curb his habits.**

**Once the runners uncover the truth, ELIS hires them for a second operation, this one pure wet-**

**work. He has a dozen mundane Fool cards printed and wants them left as messages. They need to kill off a dozen Jesters and leave the cards as a message.**

**The pay for the wetwork will be solid, but it’s wetwork and steps on possible toes connected to Harlequin and brings bad publicity to Denver, potentially upsetting Ghostwalker.**
