---
id: FP-0010
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Dis Threat
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Dis Threat

This might get the most attention right now, because it’s the culmination of a long series of events. The short version is, there’s a metaplane out there that thinks they have the right to mess with our manasphere and other planes’ manaspheres. The real trouble is, some of the major powers of the world are supporting them in this belief.



**==> picture [233 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**No one knows just how far back this story goes, but for our purposes it starts with the UCAS’s desperate attempt to keep Ares within their borders. They revoked the Business Recognition Accords, which irritated the Big Ten to no end. So they sought to teach the UCAS one of their special lessons. Blackouts hit several cities, and portals opened letting metaplanar critters loose into the dark. An entire army corps, sent to intimidate Ares, simply disappeared.**

**Over time, evidence emerged that the metaplane known as Dis was involved in these events. It also became clear that they did not offer their services freely. The appearance of metaplanar rifts across the world, accompanied by the return of some of the missing soldiers, signaled a new level of interaction with our plane. That level has only increased, with Dis activity rising.**

**One talent the Disians have developed is the ability to suck mana from one metaplane to another, empowering one while draining the other. Their uses for this ability are unclear, but speculation is they need infusions of mana for some reason, possibly because their own manasphere is unstable.**

**==> picture [233 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**This mana-transfer ability is intriguing to the corps, who would love the ability to create mana-rich areas when and where they would like. They’ve been investigating this for years, and some corps feel Dis can help them close in on the prize.**

**> I learned a lot about this, starting with a jaunt to Antarctica a number of years ago. Two essential lessons: First, yes, this can work. Second, it’s inherently unstable and difficult to get any kind of consistent results.**
