---
id: FP-0015
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Messing with the Mind
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Messing with the Mind**

**All of the updates I’ve provided have had question marks at the end of them, but this one is mainly question marks top to bottom. Here’s what we know: Runners in Manhattan dug up information on a frm called Animus Construction. The company’s primary business was messing with people’s minds, with an emphasis in memory erasure. While some aspects of memory erasure might seem fun— who wouldn’t enjoy making any eyewitnesses forget they ever saw you?—the amount of problems just mounts and mounts the more you think about it. A Mr. Johnson who erases the memory of runners at the end of a job so he doesn’t have to pay them? A corporate exec who manipulates memories of underlings so they don’t remember they haven’t had a day off in a year? A sexual predator who erases the memories of their victims? The horror just keeps getting worse.**

**If you want confrmation that this is hugely problematic territory, it appears that one of the major funders and supporters of the early stages of this frm was the UCAS Central Intelligence Agency, who have a long reputation of being involved in any sort of nefarious business you can think of.**

**The good news is, faws in the technology have started to show. Some of the material recovered by shadowrunners shows that some patients are beginning to recover some of their supposedly locked-up memories. If the technology is shown to be fawed, that will halt its adoption.**

- **It will also spur those behind the firm to look for improvements to fix those flaws.**

- **Butch**

**Now we get to the legion of questions. While the CIA may have initiated this program, it recently grew signifcantly and showed signs of major investment. The UCAS is not in position to put large**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**sums of money into it—so who did? How has the technology been deployed so far? What else is Animus looking at beyond memory erasure? And will anyone fgure out how many crimes were committed against Animus patients and do something about it?**

**People want answers to those questions, so money will be fowing to the shadows to fnd them. Just be sure that if you fnd an answer, you also make sure you can remember it.**
