---
id: FP-0162
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Human Nation
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Human Nation**

**The more aggressive and thuggish policlub, they’re the ones we most often think of when we think of racism. They’re the leg-breakers, the guys with white laces (for “racial purity”) in their boots who travel in packs, beat orks that they fnd out alone, steal lunch money from dwarfs, and prey on elves. They’re not subtle, so Humanis uses them as muscle while the Nation uses the policlub as brains and a source of funding. They operate closely, but they’re not one and the same. The mouthbreathers get greedy now and then, or get drunk or strung out on BTLs and screw things up, and there’s always the risk that they’ll not think that Humanis Guy number seven is as racist as he needs to be so they’ll leave him hanging while they fnd somebody “appropriately” racist to work for. But in general, they’re on the same page. The Nation are the bombs while the Policlub are the matches.**

**Since the Policlub’s membership is public, the Nation also serves as a sort of “holding company” for people who want to be racist but not get so much camera time. If you’re a suit, old money, or glitterati, you hang with the Policlub. If you’re a Lone Star cop, a scientist, or unloading trucks at Kong-Walmart, you join the Nation. They’re a private group, and they keep their membership records tight. If you want to know who’s in a local branch, you have to go in person and go through honest-to-ghost** _**paper**_ **shoved into fling cabinets. Threatening to expose them can stop some of them, but the majority just shrug. If you plan on blackmailing any of them, you need to understand if releasing that information would hurt**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**them or not. A couple of dockworkers aren’t going to roll over, but a doctor might. Judge carefully.**

- **One bit of good news here is that, again, they’re outnumbered, and most nations are moving away from racism slowly. This means that even low-ranking guys can get canned by a corp if it’s crystal clear what they are. Most corps have run the numbers and found that they can make more money opposing racists than supporting them.**

- **Kay Street Irregular.**

- **Most.**

- **Beaker**
