---
id: FP-0175
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Allies and Contacts
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Allies and Contacts**

**We need to talk about the people in his circle, be it those he owes favors to, those he’s paid off, or those he trusts.**

_**Sharon Aurelius**_ **: A reminder that Nicholas Aurelius founded the corporation and that his family still owns hefty numbers of shares. Sharon, now serving as board chair, is an ally for now, but possibly a frenemy. Whatever deal they struck to get her to support Bishop as CEO is still in effect, and she’s backed his plays so far, but there’s no way of knowing when the honeymoon will end. He could try to go around her and build a power block of**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 238] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**ed cars, wearing Ares-aligned designers, at Ares-produced flm debuts in Ares-owned galas. She used to walk runways in New York, Paris, Milan, and Tokyo, and now she’s glamming up the world stage.**

**his own, but if she fnds out (and she will), she’d cut him at the neck. Is he trying to do that, or is he content with how things are currently? I couldn’t say, but I** _**can**_ **say that I’ve seen no sign of him trying at this time.**

_**Karen King:**_ **The Queen of Seattle, King’s been in control of Ares’ shadow-ops in Seattle for longer than some of us have been alive. She and Bishop seem to have an understanding based on both being Ares Johnsons, and they had at least one meeting in person several months before the vote. Internal communications show that he offered her a promotion, but she passed, and they didn’t make the offer public for fear that it would undercut his position if she publicly declined his gift. She has carte blanche to operate in Seattle, and he seems to trust her, at least enough to work with her. She probably has agents crawling through his background, and he certainly has the same, but that’s just par for the course. She might have had enough leverage to take the big chair over Bishop, but it would have cost her too much. She’s happier as a power behind the throne, not on it.**

- **I remind everyone, again, to not get too caught up in her appearance. She was a teen model when she debuted, married well, and parlayed her husband’s wealth over the next few decades into a business empire. She’s like a swan, graceful on the surface but churning away below—and merciless when she sees a fish.**

**> Balladeer**

_**Daniel Chen**_ **: Vogel’s best friend and the head of Ares Space, Chen is simply too good at what he does to be replaced. Privately, he was concerned with Vogel’s health and burnout, and he is happy to see him relieved of duty, but that puts him between a bitter ex-employee and the man who fred him. Never one for offce politics, Chen just wants to focus on “space stuff,” and it seems Bishop is happy to let him do exactly that.**

_**Carol Huntington**_ **: Another rival for the big chair, Huntington is now head of Ares Consumer Products, a big move up, showcasing just how much support she’d generated with the common shareholders with her dazzling media campaign. Much like Bishop himself, she’s selling herself as much as the product line, arriving in Ares-brand-**

- **From the reports I’ve seen, he’s getting more funding under Bishop than he did under Vogel, which is unexpected. Luna City’s looking good! I can’t wait to have my feet touch ground again.**

**> Orbital DK**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

_**Brett Tucker:**_ **Bishop brought in a new head for Ares MacroMotors in Tucker, and he placed a lot of faith in him to get the wheels back under the machine. Detroit wasn’t the only manufacturing arm that General Motors had, but it had the most cachet by far. With the collapse of Motor City, and the rebranding into MacroMotors, Ares has a chance to get a fresh start. Tucker has some ideas for pushing the idea of an American car in a different direction, more akin to Japanese or Euro cars, instead of the big growling machines that we know and love. Bishop fgures that they lost so much market share as it stands that it’s the perfect time to update the entire line.**

- **There’s a tricky balance here. The citizens of UCAS, and even more the CAS, love the feel of gas-powered rides. They don’t want to change, but recent reports on dwindling oil reserves make it clear that it’s a matter of when all cars are fully electric, not if. Biofuels mean that we’ll have combustion engines for a long time, but the cost is just going to be out of reach for most people. The rest of the world’s known this for decades, but GM and Vaa were the two holdouts. With GM switching gears, that just leaves Vaa making gas burners.**

- **Turbo Bunny**

- **Never seen a Vaa around here. That’s Aztechnology’s brand, right?**

- **Netcat**

- **Yup. Lots of cheap rides, but they don’t export most of them since most countries don’t have the gas like the Azzies do. There’s an electric version of the Cucaracha that has some sales in the UCAS, but nobody in Aztlan will touch ’em… they refuse to give up the gas-burning original version. The mayor of Tenochitlán’s tried to ban them several times, due to air quality issues, but no go. They’re just too popular and as unkillable as their namesake.**

- **Kane**

- **I know the name’s older than the bugs, but … who names a car after a bug?!**

- **Bull**

_**Horizon**_ **: Ares and Horizon are feeling the heat. They’re the two smallest megas currently, they share enemies, and they both have issues with the NAN. They don’t like one another, but they** _**need**_ **one another. Pulsar in particular has been reaching out to Silicon Valley. Ares is also in conversation with Horizon to transform their agricultural output into Ares-branded foodstuff, solving the need Ares has for new products with Horizon’s general lack of understanding of what to do with produce. You can see Bishop’s hand in that one.**

**As for contacts, your guess is as good as mine. Bishop’s network was always concentrated in Philadelphia, but when Knight was killed, he started reaching out and building bridges. He likes to keep**
