---
id: FP-0195
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Admin Glitch has logged off User Netcat has logged off
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **###Admin Glitch has logged off### ###User Netcat has logged off###**

- **>>> [Marko] I got it from a friend, who got it from a very special friend. I can have a copy made. Gramius has to do it, or a technomancer. Guess an EI could, but I don’t know that many of them would understand the reasoning.**

**>>> [Bull] Who was the friend? If you care to share?**

- **>>> [Marko] Here’s a photo of him watching a sports-ball game with other guys in the Underground back in the ’50s.**

- **>>> [Bull] Hey, I knew that guy. His dad used to serve on the underground council. Is that the guy with him? That pink-skin human?**

- **>>> [Marko] Yeah, that was him. He gave it to my friend Atlas, who gave it to me.**

- **>>> [Bull] Why is he familiar?**

- **>>> [Marko] Well, he did win an election a few years later.**

- **>>> [Bull] That’s … that’s Big-D? Dunkelzahn?**

**>>> [Marko] Yeah.**

- **>>> [Bull] And he had this sim snack?**

**>>> [Marko] He made the sim snack from his own memory.**

**>>> [Slamm-0!] You guys know I didn’t leave the room, right?**

- **>>> [Marko] Yeah, so? You want some? I can load it again. See how it self-unpacks in that little foil-covered container? That butter smell is really good. Real butter, I’ve learned.**

**>>> [Bull] Well hell on sam’s knees, you found the formula.**

**>>> [Marko] Atlas did. He’d had it the whole time.**

**>>> [Bull] Where is that big do-gooder anyway?**

- **>>> [Marko] That is who I’m trying to restore. His wife and kid would like their poppa back.**

**#Guest forum closed; log archived#**

**###Error: user: Cybil dumped###**
