---
id: FP-0138
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Making a Connection
page: 77
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Making a Connection**

**If you’re prime runners, or if your team has special skills required for a specifc job, you’re most likely going to be recruited directly by Fauchon or Saurat. In rare instances, generally when the job is to deal with major threats to the French Touch, you may see both of them very cordially working together like an improbable duet.**

**However, with FT, it’s the Hollywood principle: Don’t call them, they’ll call you. So, if you want to contact them, well, it’s not easy, especially if you have never worked for the consortium. If you need an introduction, there are a few people outside the French Touch who may act as proxies. They are also, of course, good sources of intel on the latest shenanigans of the consortium.**

**The poised blond elf, Louis Belaran , is often used as a back channel between Wuxing and the French Touch, even if he actually works for the ASPS and only emerged on the international scene over the last few years. As far as I’ve gathered, no one had heard of him before he showed up in Denver in 2081, not long before the drek was about to hit the fan. If my sources are correct, he was dispatched there (too late) by his employer to investigate what the frag was going wrong in the mana around Ghostwalker’s domain.**

**Since then, he’s been active all over the world, but mostly in Europe. His ties with the French Touch are quite informal. He is known to be friendly with Merise and Saurat, less with Fauchon, and he has contacts in many of the French Touch corporations. He is also rumored to own, or have shares, in several famous wine brands. He**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**is expected to attend his frst Grand Tour this year, and a few regulars are reported to quite anticipate meeting and partying with him.**

- **He’s a mage and an elf. He is good-looking and carries a sword around. So part of this interest is, to be frank, sexual. They are curious to see who will be able to take him to bed. And who will fail.**

- **> Sunshine**

**What I know is that, if you have a good rep, you can reach out to him, and he may be accommodating enough to give you intel on the French Touch (nothing compromising, just some context information). If you have a good reputation, he may even introduce you to Fauchon or Saurat, but only if he thinks that what you’re peddling might be of value to them. Note that he is pretty rich and does not care about money. So any deal with him will be about favors down the road or intel on anything astral and metaplanar, which are his true passions.**

- **Belaran is not a pencil-pusher. He often goes on missions himself, including metaplanar exploration. Last year, he was badly hurt during such an operation. MCT discreetly attacked his team in Paris as they were about to cross a portal in an empty building that led to a city named Laelith in a remote metaplane. It was a rescue op, as some assets from Wuxing had been sent there to study the local geomancy and went missing. The Japanacorp had scheming in process in the city and feared that Wuxing would interfere. The funny thing is, the runners he hired to finish the job instead of him ended up fragging MCT ops over there even more than the guys of Wuxing would have.**

- **Skarn-Ka**

- **Ah, Laelith! What a charming place—at first glance. It looks like a medieval Mediterranean city, echoing the image historians depict of Constantine during the era of the Roman empire. It’s located on a cliffside, between a large lake and a desert, and it’s densely populated.**

**But more importantly, it’s a pilgrimage destination (like Mecca or Jerusalem). Anyone worshiping a deity, any deity, is welcome to go there to celebrate in one of its four temples. They have a weird, ecumenic approach to religion, where any god or goddess can be seen through the lens of one of four elementary forces (fire, earth, water, or air). They’ll know your deity and will point you to the right temple—for a small fee (commerce is, by far, the true religion of the place).**

**If you go there, don’t climb up to the district called Châtiment. Magic has it constantly changing shape and reorganizing itself, which drives people to madness. Few visitors escape it, and if they do, their sanity does not.**

- **Winterhawk**

**Another good way to reach out to the French Touch is to go through Jean-Baptiste Veacheau , who is slightly easier to get to than Louis Belaran, because he has a lot of friends in very low places.**

**You may remember the name from the** _**Lockdown**_ **upload. He used to be the right hand of Angélique Rouge, a gendarme tasked to keep the corporations’ shenanigans in the enclave of Lille to an acceptable level. However, if she is remembered as an incorruptible copper, he was, and still is, as sleazy as one can be. The minute she disappeared in Boston, he sold out the entire task force to the corporations to secure himself a cozy future. In 2078, he helped the corporate council of Lille extend the sprawl to include the port of Dunkirk, and in June 2081, he became the people’s representative in the corporate council (sort of mayor, but for a corporate enclave).**

**Apart from the triads, Veacheau has friends and contacts in almost all the criminal organizations in Lille (Vory, the Dutch’s Penose, and the Romanian Mafa), which might be a way for a runner team to get in touch with him. And he has contacts who will always pick up the phone in most of the prominent members of the French Touch. Saurat and Fauchon are not directly linked to him, but he can probably get you a meeting if you really want one.**

**But he is a dirtbag, so there will be a price to pay, and it’ll be steep. He is not as keen on favors as Belaran, but he always has a stack of despicable jobs to offoad to runners who are not local to Lille. Generally, it’s all about blackmail, kidnapping, or pure wetwork.**

- **I have heard that a few runners had to protect an organlegging shipment, for instance. Not from Tamanous, but from a European organization called Medusa. Still, not the kind of job even I would relish.**

- **Hannibelle**

- **I also suspect a group of runners from Tír Tairngire, who wanted access to the Grand Tour last year, offed one of the main triad lieutenants in Lille for him.**

**I also linked him to the disappearance of the sixteen-year-old daughter of one of the former members of his task force. I am pretty sure it was a retaliation performed by a group of German runners, who wanted intel to do a job for ESUS in Dunkirk.**

**The poor girl is now working the streets of Europort, if she’s still breathing.**

- **Sim-Eon**
