---
id: FP-0059
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Bases and Hideouts
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bases and Hideouts**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The basics for this layout they sent me is a bit wonky for the Echoes. They’re on every continent but Antarctica, but they still operate there if rumors of a card pop up on its icy surface. They have several properties they refer to as GEEDs, Grand Estates of the Echoes of Divination. The properties vary, but they all have top-notch security and act**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**as neutral grounds for the Echoes to host events and show off to each other.**

**I know of a penthouse in New York, an offce in the ARCHology in St. Louis, a manor in London, two houses in Paris, a former church in Berlin, and a repurposed theater in Cairo. These are places I have seen with my own eyes. I’ve heard Echoes talk about GEEDs in cities all around the world, but they brag ostentatiously so often you can never get any clear details without an invite to an event.**

**While all the GEEDs tend to be ostentatious affairs, the Echoes themselves own a wide variety of homes, businesses, and properties that play a part in the society. While they need to host monthly parties and most often use the GEEDs, they host the occasional party and intimate affair at their personal residences. As I’ve already mentioned, most of them are quite wealthy, and they tend to have numerous homes across the globe. These range from apartments for clandestine overnight stays all the way to multi-residence estates.**

- **Brashton Seakeller has a beautiful sprawling home on the north side of St. John in the Carib League. The estate was once a collection of multi-million-dollar properties that Seakellar got for a steal after a hurricane. Down by the water, you’ll find Echo yachts regularly anchored offshore with their tenders bringing them in to Seakeller’s private dock extending out into Peter Bay. I’ve gotten as far as a yacht on watch detail, but I’ve only seen the property from satellite views.**

- **> Balladeer**

**> I know for a fact that at least two members have “property” outside our metaplane, and that’s not including the member of the Seelie Court. An MCT exec in NorthAm named Tanashi Glade was supposedly a member of several early metaplanar explorations and has a place on Denver’s metaplane that survived its breaking. It’s a domed estate with limited gravity rules. He’s held a party there, and anyone who brought forged cards found out real fast, as the local paradigm took over. It didn’t change real cards, but false cards bent to the reality of the plane. Kanari Sedlam is a silver-spooner. She also managed to “inherit” her mother’s ally spirit when she died. Rather than just going free, Esha, a kindred spirit, honored her master’s last wishes and vowed to follow and protect her daughter from all the enemies she had made in life. There were a lot, as her mother was a runner/assassin named Fel Noir whose dossier got burned right before she died. Plenty of folks still want revenge, even posthumously. Anyway, Esha can open metaplanar gateways, which is the main way Kanari has managed to stay alive. Her home away from home is Les Mont, a metaplane connected to St. Louis. With her spirit ally’s access, she has held gatherings at her Les Mont estate, but I was not invited to attend and have no details other than its existence. > Delphi**

**==> picture [36 x 148] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**> Someone else might need to fully vet this. Gabriel Sin-Majar is a regular company suit (read corporate runner) for MCT. She’s an initiated mage and a member of the Echoes. The strange part is her financial support apparently comes directly from the megacorp, and she uses corporate property for her cartomancer parties. Her main connection seems to be NorthAm operations, but she’s hosted two events at facilities in Japan. > Mihoshi Oni**

**==> picture [34 x 312] intentionally omitted \<==**
