---
id: FP-0241
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The New Guard
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The New Guard**

**This faction only started to really make their mark during Boston’s Lockdown. Globally, they felt that the old way of doing things was past and that it was time to “fght fre with fre.” They are using the same approach the old colonial powers did, in their early days: buying as much land as they can as cheaply as possible. Now, it doesn’t mean that they are pacifst—far from it—but their actions are aimed at lowering the value of the land through increased crime rate, pollution, and related tactics. They then buy the land when it’s dirt cheap, and it has been surprisingly effective.**

- **At the moment, those purchases and the ultimate owners are kept quiet. This isn’t particularly legal, however, and it probably wouldn’t hold up in court if someone challenged it.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

- **Maybe, but if they were somehow able to place it under the extraterritorial umbrella of, say, Gaeatronics, they might succeed in keeping it out of the reach of the UCAS or its original owners.**

- **> Mr. Bonds**

**Its members have a variety of skills, but they lean more toward the social side of things. They can still hold their own in a fght but prefer other**

**means. They are also more likely to work with and hire runners to do their deeds.**

- **So, they’re the faces and the scammers of Warpath?**

- **> Slamm-0!**
