---
id: FP-0071
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Goals
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Goals**

**The goals of Convergence are pretty simple: Figure out what the signs they’ve been reading mean and then fgure out how to do something about it. Since they don’t know the specifcs right now, they’re preparing as you would for a natural disaster. They’re looking at how to move around large quantities of water, clothing, and food, and get them to a place that might have terrible transportation access. They realize, though, that all of that is very reactive. They would do even better to stop whatever is going to happen in its tracks, so they’re looking to gain infuence with decision-makers. Unfortunately, the UCAS is not the best place for that these days, as there are few internationally infuential decision-makers in those borders. Convergence is hoping to make their way up the chain, and they fgure they have to start somewhere. The big problem is work like that takes time, and they’re not sure they have it.**

**The fguring-it-out is a two-pronged effort. The seers keep doing divinations, and the hackers keep looking at betting markets and predictive algorithms to see what they can determine. The advantage they gain is in the name of their organization. They’re working together, trying to get the signs and signals from one side to talk to the other, hoping their parts will eventually cohere into a greater whole.**

**> That kind of work is more art than science, and it’s so new that Convergence is making it up as they go. Consider this: Let’s say a diviner comes down from their meditation space or whatever with a vision of a missile striking the heart of a large city. They’ll immediately get debriefed by interviewers who will try to identify the city, the type of missile, even the date based on the position of the sun in the sky. They’ll take whatever details they learn to Brokerage X, who will look at all sorts of variables. If they identified the city, they’ll look at any odds that have been developed on who might attack them, from foreign nations to hostile corps to home-grown terrorists. They’ll naturally look at who might have the type of missile seen in the vision. If they can find existing wagers in betting markets, they’ll examine long-term activity in those areas. If wagers don’t exist, they’ll start some and see if anyone will bite. In short, they will do everything they can to reduce the vagueness and uncertainty of these visions.**

**> Plan 9**
