---
id: FP-0244
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: the lost package
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **the lost package**

**Located in the old Amazon warehouse of Interstate 84 and Highway 21, this nightclub, owned and fully stafed by Ute Native Americans, has been a favorite of Boise’s youth and the personnel of nearby Mountain Home AFB for decades. It is one of the few areas in town where you regularly see residents of the SSC and the occasional rebellious youth of the Tír mingling alongside Pueblo’s youth. Although brawls are a near-weekly occurrence, no real measures have been taken to prevent this explosive combo of partygoers.**

**The open foor has been converted into a huge dance foor and bar area. Taking advantage of the height of the building, a series of open gangways, with high tables and stools, have been set up to allow patrons to sit and have a drink while enjoying the show below. Toward the back, an area has been converted into private rooms that can be used for ofce parties, discreet hook-ups, or meetings with Mr. Johnson.**

**While the owners are not members of Warpath, they are sympathizers, as are some of the staf, and they make sure one of the backrooms is always available for them if needed. On any given night, there’s always going to be half a dozen Warpath members in the building, either enjoying themselves or making plans or deals for future ops.**

**==> picture [259 x 54] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**To the East, Oceti Sakowin , the Algonkian-Manitou Council, and the self-governing Indigenous Lands in Québec (most of Northern Québec and the various smaller reservations dotting the southern part and along the St. Lawrence River) offer us great staging areas to strike at the UCAS/ CAS. Despite the high degree of support we have there from the population, we try to keep a low profle so as to not attract too much attention. We can be found in most big cities as well as within the newly reclaimed land west of Highway 29 and in the Canadian prairies. That being said, Grand Island, Nebraska and Manitoba are becoming big centers for us as they are well located to strike at the American states. Up north, Churchill (AMC) and Chibougamau (QC) are becoming two key staging areas in our attempts to slow down the corpos’ “Resource Rush.”**

**Which brings us to the core: the UCAS and the CAS . This is our battlefeld; this is the land that was stolen from us by the Treaty of Denver. Despite its recent loss of real estate back west, it’s still a fairly large area and we cannot be everywhere all the time. Sure, we can, and do, strike at random spots to keep them on their toes, but we also have a few key zones we are focusing on.**

**Unfortunately, the CAS is still quite stable and was not hit by the blackouts back in ’80. Since our revival, we’re mostly focused in Texas (along the Pueblo and Aztlan borders), in Kansas and Oklahoma (hopefully capitalizing on the Sioux land grabs in Nebraska which are pushing their borders east), in Florida (the annexation of South Florida is a sore point for us), and around Atlanta … although Warpath as a whole may need to reconsider those plans now that Ares has moved in.**

**The UCAS is a different beast. The last two years have weakened them, making it easier for us to operate there. Obviously, we can be found in and around the NEMA, as Boston is the heart and soul of Warpath. With the land around it being reclaimed, Winnipeg has become our most recent zone of engagement. It’s tough going, as we are operating on our own, but we don’t need another Anglo enclave behind our lines. With the exception of Manhattan, we took advantage of the Blackouts to set shops in those cities, mostly low-key buildings or the occasional dive bars. They each represent a small staging area from which we can strike in town and in the surrounding areas. It’s mostly an initiative of the new guard, who are trying to keep as little heat as possible on these new acquisitions.**

**Cornwall, Ontario, is one of our older staging areas. Located on Mohawk land, it’s spitting distance from the Québec Akwesasne holding, so it’s a great place to jump the border, and it deals with most of our operations along the Saint-LaurentGreat Lakes area and from Vermont up to Newfoundland. Paradoxically, we can also be found around L’Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland.**

**In a twisted way, this has become a kind of shrine, a reminder of where it all went wrong.**

**As stated earlier, our Matrix presence was never huge, but recently the Coderunner faction has found themselves a nice little home in an old abandoned pre-Crash 2.0 UCAS National Park Service server. They’ve cleaned it up a bit, but it’s still a relatively wild server. They enjoy it, and it’s enough out of the way that no one has to come and bother us … yet.**
