---
id: FP-0013
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Spinrad Global
page: 13
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Spinrad Global**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The leadership transition at Spinrad Global comes with two big questions: How will Gabrielle Al Thani Spinrad lead the company, and who killed Johnny Spinrad?**

**The answer to the frst question has made a lot of other corporations nervous. There were initially some hopes that Spinrad Global might fag after Johnny was gone. After all, a ton of Spinrad’s leadership was based on his cult of personality, and those sorts of things tend to be diffcult to transfer to another person. Gabrielle, however, was savvy enough to not even try that route. The weakness of Johnny’s style was that he often brought more fash than substance, and Gabrielle has countered with a considerable load of substance. It seems that Spinrad had a legion of analysts just begging to have Johnny listen to their takes on various product lines, because once Gabrielle took over, she promptly initiated a data-driven approached that leaned on the most proftable areas of the business and changed or eliminated those that were lagging. Some of the areas she addressed were not very sexy—a large facility that translates electricity into potential energy by elevating heavy concrete blocks is not going to make the cover of a trends magazine. But it’s the sort of thing that provides a lot of stability to areas with unpredictable electric grids, and that can go a long way to smoothing out an area’s development path. Arabian Future Industries has become a leader in this feld, and their locally sourced construction practices mean they**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**can build facilities quickly and cheaply. Spinrad absolutely does not pass the savings on to their clients, making sure shareholders get it instead.**

- **Compelling spirits of earth to help build the large blocks also helps keep costs down.**

- **Baka Dabora**

**That’s just one example of how Gabrielle works. While there was a period of uncertainty where it wasn’t clear where Johnny was or who was in charge, that’s past. The company is making moves with authority and building proftability.**

**Some people think Gabrielle is mainly just cleaning up messes left by Johnny, but that undersells her effort. She has an attention for detail that translates to a wide range of industries, and a lot of them are beneftting from her focus.**

- **Increased profitability means larger corporate war chests (and richer owners), and larger corporate war chests tend to be used for takeovers. So watch out.**
