---
id: FP-0171
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: '> Bull'
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Bull**

- **Not really. He liquidated most of his shares years ago and the rest of them after he was terminated, in order to get his hands on capital. Stock prices hiccuped for a bit but quickly recovered**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**when Bishop took the mic for his introduction. What has he done with that money? We don’t know.**

**> Mr. Bonds**

- **So what are his personal goals?**

- **Riot**

- **That’s a good question. When he started out, it was survival, followed by mirroring what he thought of as successful—gifts for his sisters, new house for his mom, fancy clothes, that kind of thing, but as he moved up the corporate ladder, he learned how to appreciate things more. He has a small art collection filled with art from people you’ve never heard of, young artists he meets at gallery shows and supports by buying their early work, but nothing of any real value. They seem to serve as reminders of the people rather than being masterpieces. He invests in community projects, city parks, and so on, and he puts in appearances at sporting events now and then, but the only thing he seems to really enjoy is music. He’s popped into the Platinum Records studio several times to just hang out with musicians and chat, but he’s never made a move to track down limited-edition releases or the like. He just seems to like people, and you can’t really collect that.**

- **> Sunshine**

- **So what, his ultimate goal is to enjoy life, listen to good music, and make people happy? Oh, I don’t trust this guy at all.**

- **> Clockwork**

- **He has one driving goal that I know of: He wants to see that the people responsible for the Blackouts pay for it. How you make a secret cabal of air-conditioner repairmen pay for their crimes, I don’t know, but he’s going for it.**

- **Plan 9**

- **That’s a weird way to describe vampires.**

- **Plan 10**

- **Come on, everybody knows that it was the NAN who turned out the lights.**

- **2XL**

- **Chummer, you’re half right. Aztechnology used blood magic to pull it off.**

- **Puck**

- **That’s not how that works. That’s not how any of this works!**

- **> Frosty**

- **\<11.4 Megapulses deleted>**

- **Guys, GUYS! Shutting down this line here and now. You want to talk about Blackout conspiracies, we have a room set aside for that. Focus, okay?**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **I’m not sure if Glitch has been a good influence on you or bad, Fred, but this is weird.**

- **> Bull**
