---
id: FP-0072
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Principals - Jazmine Brown, CEO
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Principals**

## **Jazmine Brown, CEO**

**While the visions of the seers are often a driving force in Convergence’s activities, all the principals agreed early on that a seer would not be the right person to run the organization. Sure, the occasional glimpse into the future might be nice for a leader, but the distractibility of seers is remarked on frequently for a reason. It’s not a criticism—a good seer** _**has**_ **to regularly be in touch with something beyond themselves. That’s part of the job. Basically, if they’re not being distracted, then they’re not** _**working**_ **. Brokerage X hackers, by contrast, can be focused, driven bastards, because that’s what their job requires. Those can also be qualities of a good CEO (as long as the “bastard” part is targeted appropriately).**

**While there are degrees of vagueness and uncertainty in Convergence’s work, none of them are because of Brown. She is direct and to the point, the type of person who wants all conversations to be fast and all meetings to end early. No matter what she’s doing right now, she has a hundred other things to do, and her demeanor always says she would like to get to them as soon as possible instead of wasting time. She is not necessarily a visionary leader, but she fgures that’s not what Convergence needs—at that organization, visionaries are a dime a dozen. Instead, they need someone who will help the organization fulfll its mission by always moving ahead and never forgetting that there is work to be done.**

- **Brown also provides necessary real-world grounding when the seers get too caught up in their visions. When explaining how their visions work, seers often lean on the Interconnectedness of All Things and so on, which is great for creating metaphysical visions of reality but less good for carrying out a concrete business plan. Brown is hard-headed enough to ground the flights of fancy of those under her.**

**> Elijah**
