---
id: FP-0080
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: A Foundation Host and the Talent to Run It
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A Foundation Host and the Talent to Run It**

**Convergence has a lot of data to sift through, so they need a host where they can put it and have agents, hackers, and AIs pore over it in an attempt to make sense of it. There is no public component to this host—they have a separate public host for meetings with clients. There is no connection between the two hosts, as they want to keep their private host private.**

**The foundation host has the sculpting of a huge zen garden, with dozens, even hundreds of places for contemplation and quiet conversation. Virtual terminals with access to the entirety of Convergence’s fles are scattered throughout. This is an extra layer of security in case intruders make their way into the host. IC is present, of course, but all sorts of eyes, including security spiders and friendly AIs, join in the effort to watch out for anyone who should not be there. First-time intruders will usually just get dumped as quickly as possible, but if they recognize you as someone who’s been there before, they’ll get meaner and prepare to do you some damage.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Their spiders are good, and it’s a kind of sneaky good that’s annoying. Like, they won’t just walk right up to you and smack your persona around or anything. Instead, they’ll look to infiltrate any equipment you have. They’ll lower its effectiveness or turn it off if they can, making you weaker for any attack they want to level on you. They want to whittle you away piece by piece, so that when the big blow comes, it really hurts.**

- **> Slamm-0!**

**The Seers’ Guild probably has a more impressive overall collection of visions in their host, but the hacking knowledge and access to Brokerage X information might make the Convergence host the best collection of future information in the Sixth World. An increasingly large part of Convergence’s budget is dedicated to keeping it safe. If you’re tempted to break in, be aware that they don’t want to have to hurt you, but that doesn’t mean they won’t.**
