---
id: FP-0140
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Bases and Hideouts
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bases and Hideouts**

**Let’s start with the obvious: Paris and the corporate enclave of Lille, where Cap-Atos recently moved its headquarters, are the two strongholds of the French Touch. The capital remains the center of France and one of the “must” locations of the Grand Tour, plus it’s the alma mater of the luxury industry, Louis Vuitton in particular.**

- **The corporate enclave of Lille was already a pretty massive sprawl, by Europe’s standard, but it got extended last year. Dunkirk is now connected by a corridor to the enclave. The port is undergoing a massive modernization project, and actors of the shipping business, like Wuxing Worldwide Shipping and Swift Wind Deliveries, have already made their nest there.**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **Dunkirk places ESUS in a difficult position. On one hand, as a member of the French Touch, the corp has a place of choice in the new port, but on the other hand, it is a member of the Europort Administrative Ruling Council, so it sided with Dutch AA Regulus in protecting Europort’s businesses that are suffering from this new competition. This has led to more than a few runs within the corp itself, often having opposing goals.**

- **€spion**

**Beyond those two cities, the physical presence of the French Touch is seldom seen. Saurat is pushing to develop new offces for the consortium in Marseille, but this was fought off internally, and also externally by SpinGlobal.**

**We are talking about physical presence and assets, however. In terms of infuence, the French Touch can pop up absolutely anywhere one of its members has interests. We had a good example of this during the Kechibi Code mess a few years ago. HKB assets in Hong Kong were targeted by a few runs, so they blamed their ferce rivals there, Malaysian Independent Bank. But then someone decided to dig and reach out to the shadows. A buddy of mine in the Walking People looked into it and realized the jobs were actually orchestrated by the French Touch, on behalf of Index-AXA. So don’t mistake lack of assets in a place for lack of infuence or interest.**

- **That one nice thing when you work for Fauchon or Saurat: On top of the food and wine (they often wine and dine you), they are experts in shipping, generally quite comfortably, a runner’s team from one side of the globe to another. I once finished a run for them in Tacoma, stepped into a semi-ballistic flight to Europe on the same evening, and did another gig in Greater Frankfurt the very next day.**

- **Mika**

**Beyond corporate interest, there is another factor that may lead the French Touch to pop up where you least expect them: Section 89. As I’ve mentioned in the Marianne dossier (see** _**Null Value**_ **), a lot of members, generally Ultras, had to exile themselves outside France in the last years. Many cells also seek support, fnancial or material, outside the country. And like the intelligence service, the schism inside Section 89 also divides the consortium.**

- **Wait a minute—are there really supporters of Section 89 inside the corp? It’s an anti-corp terrorist group, it makes zero sense!**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Yes, we do have a few sympathizers within the ranks of the corporations who make up the French Touch. Not everybody inside the corporations agrees with how the CC dominates the world. But Ultras like Mariannists also have “strategic allies” inside the consortium.**

- **Iz0bel75**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**> An example: Remember this weird explosion in Europort last year that messed up the offloading infrastructure used by Wuxing? It was never claimed by anyone, but it had all the fingerprints of a Section 89 cell recently exiled from France and on the run. In any case, WSS had to redirect part of its arrivals to Dunkirk, which was a nice boon for Lille.**

**I’ve recently learned that this particular cell of Ultras was hiding in Lille, just after blowing up the tunnel leading to La Défense (Paris’s business district), despite the fact that they were actively being hunted by Neo-PD all over France. It was just before the incident at Europort. And one of them was spotted in Amsterdam the day after.**

**So I can’t prove it, but I suspect someone within the FT, maybe Fauchon himself, gave shelter to the terrorists in exchange for their handiwork in Europort.**

**> Sim-Eon**

- **I thought Neo-PD only has the contract for Paris (and maybe another city)?**

- **Netcat**

- **Any cells committing an act of terror in Paris get their own task force, led by Neo-PD, to hunt them down all over the country. Fortunately, it’s quite rare nowadays that the Ultras manage to pull one over on Marianne. But when it happens, Neo-PD deploys assets outside Paris. Needless to say, what’s left of the French police or competitors, like Knight Errant in Bordeaux, do not appreciate when the coppers of Renraku intrude on their domain.**
