---
id: FP-0196
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Game Information
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Game Information**

**Psyche is an entity constructed of inspiration, thought, imagination, madness, both sane and insane at the same time. It does not act in limited state of if/then or go/stop—it is always in fux and always in search. What it’s looking for is uncertain. As introduced in the JackPoint forum, Psyche has touched or interacted with multiple individuals for reasons that are not always clear. Psyche has traveled to the** _**Shadowrun**_ **universe previously and has on more than one occasion taken an active interest in the goings-on of the world while also occasionally using it as a place of respite.**

**Exactly what attracts Psyche is, as explained in the forum, thought. New, inspirational thinking. It takes an interest in beings or collectives who have the drive or ability to infuence others to motivate and move forward in their lives. Often associated with music, which it considers to be one of the tantamount expressions of creative thinking, Psyche has chosen to appear commonly as the being Kokopelli to the peoples of the world but is able to appear as anything it chooses. It can even exist in a purely abstract form and is not limited to the basic senses most understood by biological life.**

**Psyche has re-entered the world, having journeyed through a data singularity that was formed by the actions and events immediately prior to and including the Boston Lockdown. Working through agents mostly, Psyche now pursues an agenda that is far-reaching and often quite complicated.**
