---
id: FP-0144
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Death in Cayenne
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Death in Cayenne**

**The French Touch learned that a large shipment of electronic components belonging to Novatech will pass a few nautical miles away from Cayenne. The consortium wants to use the opportunity to strike a blow against Cara Villiers. No pirate crew in the region is big enough to do the attack solo, but if they band together, they could. So Fauchon hires the runners to perform a long job.**

**There’s an out for the desperate freedom fghters, but it’s a doozy. Members of the New Islamic Jihad who are active in Lille are willing to offer them safe passage to Morocco in exchange for their assistance in attacking a mosque in Lille that they fnd despicably progressive. And, of course, Vescheau’s price: protect a Penose shipment of “fresh meat” for a “private party” at brothel “D” that the Triad wants to intercept.**

**First, they’ll be fown to Cayenne with intel on the local pirate posses. They have to broker deals with a few of them to ensure they have the ships to assault Novatech. Once that is done, the runners have to sneak on board to assist the pirates from the inside. Of course, Novatech knows the itinerary of the shipment has been leaked, so they dispatch their own runners to interrupt any negotiations with pirate crews and try to eliminate the runners.**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HUMANIS<br>POLICLUB<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**
