---
id: FP-0112
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The New Beta Site
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The New Beta Site**

**Not exactly new, this facility was at one time known as the Gamma Site and has been in use by the Nexus in some capacity since the late 2060s. After the previous Beta Site at the Fitzsimons Army Hospital was destroyed by the ZFD in 2078, the operational headquarters of the Denver Data Haven moved to the abandoned NOAA compound southwest of Boulder. While this should have been called the new Alpha Site, there was some reluctance by the admins to use that name. Secrecy was the primary security measure, and tremendous effort was made to keep the actual location unknown.**

**Despite these efforts to maintain secrecy, the location of the facility was discovered in March 2082, and shortly afterward it was attacked by MCT-backed mercenaries. While the attack was repelled with the help of local shadowrunners, the discovery of the site left the Nexus with no choice but to abandon the facility. Work on a new Alpha Site accelerated, and the staff of the Nexus scattered to remote locations until it could be fnished.**

**Currently, the NOAA facility is being used for backup data storage as the older infrastructure there is unable to be relocated. However, the risk of a second attack was determined to be very real, so no personnel remain on site. Several combat drones patrol the facility, along with a few anthrodrones that can be jumped into for remote maintenance. In the event of a second serious attack, the entire facility is mined with explosives that can demolish the buildings, destroying the data backups and preventing the extraction of any of the Nexus’ secrets.**
