---
id: FP-0009
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Sunshine'
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Sunshine**

When you knock over a glass of wine or drop your commlink from a dangerous elevation, there’s a moment between when the accident starts and the outcome is realized. A moment before the wine hits the table or the commlink hits the ground. Time slows down. You scramble to see if you can avert the outcome. You may also have a moment of regret, thoughts of what you should have done differently. If you had looked more carefully at the position of the wine glass. If you had held your commlink tighter. You reach, hoping to avoid the negative outcome, but also to reach back just a few moments in time, to change your actions, to make it so the inevitable is … evitable.

We are very close to a variety of negative outcomes in our world, and the question is this: Is the spilled wine inevitable? Have we already knocked over the glass? And if so, do we have any chance of catching it?

**If we don’t, how big of a mess are we going to** ma **k** e **?**

It would be nice if I were just talking about a single possible disaster, but that’s not the way our world works, is it? There are multiple looming threats and risks various people will run down in this download. To make sense of them, though, it helps to know the context all of these things exist in, so I’m going to run down the status of some major events happening in the world right now. That’ll help you understand the rest that follows.
