---
id: FP-0063
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Dis Gig Sucks
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Dis Gig Sucks**

**Bazel has discovered something that could be world-changing—a reading within the tarot that could shatter the efforts of the Disians. If the Page of Batons, Four of Cups, Threshold, Awakened World, Queen of Coins, and Five of Blades are brought together, laid at the corners of a hexagram, and the blood of a Disian chimera spread**

- **Joining doesn’t seem to get you much other than a healthy dues bill. You don’t get much payoff until you host parties and start getting invites to others’ parties. Once you’re in, you need to basically show you’re worthy, and that only comes with wheeling and dealing in the realm of the SWT.**



**over them under the light of a full moon, they activate together. Rumor says that activating all the cards cuts off the home plane of Dis for 961 years, 141 days, 15 hours, 59 minutes, and 42 seconds.**

**This makes this set a target not just for Bazel but for Dis as well, adding extra obstacles for the runners. The cards are currently spread around the globe, and Bazel will need them brought together and protected until the next full moon.**

**Page of Batons : Currently in the possession of Nightmare. He’ll part with it for an Echo. Bazel will gladly throw another member under the bus for this.**

**Four of Cups : The Creagers have it and will need to be negotiated with. They currently aren’t happy with Bazel, as they wouldn’t help them with a metaplanar gateway.**

**Threshold : Rumors place it in the possession of Knight Errant. It’s in the evidence locker of a precinct in Seattle. It was on the person of an Echo who was killed by the Hands of Fate. Members of the Hand are watching the precinct for a chance to acquire the card, and they will see the runners’ efforts as an opportunity if they make too much noise.**

**Awakened World : Bazel’s leads on this are weak. They know it’s in Boston, but isn’t sure if the lead for the Salem witches is true or whether the Rock Lobsters have it closer to the Hub.**

**Queen of Coins : This card is the prize possession of Lizzie Donovan, a seven-year-old Ares citizen recently relocated from Detroit to New Orleans but somehow lost and misplaced near St. Louis. She is currently living among a group of squatter kids who call themselves the Archers.**

**Five of Blades : Currently owned by Bazel.**
