---
id: FP-0014
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: '> Cosmo'
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Cosmo**

**Now onto the question of who killed Johnny Spinrad. For those of you not in the know, Spinrad was felled by an assassin’s bullet in Barcelona in ’81. The “who killed him” question is not really about who fred the bullet (there’s a growing belief that an assassin known only as Moira pulled the trigger) but who paid the assassin. There’s no lack of contenders, as you don’t run an AAA for as long as Spinrad did without making some enemies. Lofwyr, Queen Caroline, members of the Al Thani family, municipal leaders of Lisbon, and more held grudges against Johnny—the surprise wasn’t that someone wanted to kill him, as he had been subject to a number of assassina- tion attempts over the years, but that someone f nally succeeded. It had begun to seem like Johnny would outrun them all forever.**

**While there are a lot of answers to the question “Who hated Johnny Spinrad?”, attention has shifted to analyzing who beneftted from his death. After all, while someone like Queen Caroline may have been snubbed and hurt by Johnny, that was years ago, and she has a good life that doesn’t stand to change much whether Johnny is alive or dead. Similarly, Lofwyr wouldn’t shed a tear over Johnny’s death, but at least he had a rival he mostly understood and could occasionally goad into a foolish mistake. It’s not clear that he really benefts from Johnny being gone and someone he doesn’t understand as well now leading the company.**

- **Especially when the new leader has demonstrated skill in infrastructure and heavy industry, which Lofwyr likes to see as his special sectors.**

- **Baka Dabora**

**This means a lot of focus has fallen on the Al Thani family. They get Gabrielle in the CEO chair, and the Global Sandstorm part of the company that some worried would be ignored now takes leadership. And also, they get rid of Johnny, who many of them hated. Motive is there in spades, but so far nothing resembling any means have come up. No connections between any Al Thani and Moira or the various properties used in the assassination have been found, so the speculation that they may have been involved is nothing more than that. You can bet, though, that people will keep looking for a suspect, and if any evidence connecting anyone to the assassination comes out, it will be a major scandal.**
