---
id: FP-0136
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Resources
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Resources**

**Being a consortium, the French Touch’s resources are limited to what its members share. Its members have vast assets, but they actually share very little with FT, save for intel and personnel, including accountants, analysts, lawyers, lobbyists, fxers, and their support staff.**

- **These suits publish reports for internal distribution using the information available to them from their home corps and everyone else’s. Even S-K, which indirectly benefits from it, appreciates this. One such report on how a competitor was attempting to seize a massive mineral deposit in Africa allowed S-K to swoop in and claim the lode for themselves. They are, in a way, the French version of S-K Prime.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

**Note that personnel include the full range of metahumanity, since France has a pretty good rep on accepting metahumans. Well, to be honest, Parisian and French-educated, middle-class ranks are. I would not recommend a troll visit a village in the countryside alone. And, of course,** _**The Complete Trog**_ **upload already mentioned the Hunters, a group of noblemen and noblewomen who like to hunt metas for sport.**

- **This particular group is all but gone. The very public and accidental death of Enrique Bourbon-Anjou in 2077 during one of their “hunts” marked the beginning of their end.**

- **Sunshine**

**That being said, the fact remains that France is more tolerant than some other parts of Europe, which often leads the members of the French Touch to loan the organization their most brilliant metahumans. Why the most brilliant? Because nowadays it is hard to prevent them from climbing up the ladder without being accused of racism. So instead, you promote them away to the French Touch. And this is why humans are, in fact, the minority among the corporate SINners lent to the consortium. Needless to say, those brilliant and aggressively ambitious assets often do not like being cast aside. A few have even resorted to the shadows to retrieve their previous positions. Some, however, see this as a long-term opportunity, like working for the NEEC or the Corporate Court.**

- **One such success story is Hélène Leclerc. A certain Veolia Envirotech executive wanted to get rid of the savvy elf, who constantly wanted more responsibilities (and the euros that came with them). He promoted his tennis buddy instead, and “rewarded” her in 2078 by dumping her onto the French Touch at the first opportunity. In spite of all this, she became invaluable in this role. Veolia promoted her within Proteus’ gene caste system and she began reporting to her previous-boss’s boss. Last year, to thank her for her service, Veolia demoted**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**the tennis bros and promoted another woman for whom Hélène vouched.**

**It also helped that her runners planted pictures of the two guys in bed with underage teenagers in their respective houses and schemed for the illicit material to be found.**

**> €spion**

**One last note regarding French “open-mindedness”: for years now, there has been a strong movement within the French intellectual elite ranks advocating for granting SINs to the victims of HMHVV. Up until now, the French government has simply pushed the matter to the NEEC, and from there, it went nowhere. But with the cyber-republic in place, the government may be forced to propose a law if it gets enough support in the (Matrix) public forum of AGORA (yet another system managed by Marianne). And a lot of metahuman assets of the French Touch are, discreetly, fostering backing for such projects. It’s not out of care for the fate of the Infected, but because they are quite aware that there are some very skilled people among them that they would like to see brought into the French Touch.**

- **That reminds me, is there any truth to the rumors that Grant, the main actor of the Bloodrunners series (see the No Future upload) became an actual vampire during a trip to Paris last year? The story goes that a group of ghouls, or the Ordo Maximus, turned him against his will so that he would become (even more) an advocate for Infected tolerance.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **The intel at my disposal tends to confirm those rumors. However, it’s off-topic, so let’s not dwell on this.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**If Merise and Saurat are behind the ever-growing Matrix assets of the consortium, Fauchon is behind its information-gathering activity. He’s created an information clearinghouse where French businesses provide the data, and staff “on permanent loan” to FT work in fusion teams to aggregate and analyze that data to produce briefng reports. Sometimes, this process requires active measures. This is where Fauchon’s lawyers and fxers shine. They work with members’ fxers and spies and can conceal covert operations so well that a job’s sponsor can’t be sure whether they were involved.**

- **That’s also why you often see runners or agents of the French Touch simply pop up somewhere right before something happens. It’s such a pattern that I know a spy from Aztechnology, code name Masque, who had a backup cover in Denver as a French Touch agent doing such work. So, don’t be surprised if Fauchon pops up and hires you to go where something strange is about to happen—or worse, about to blow up!**

- **Pyramid Watcher**

- **Isn’t this Masque guy supposed to be dead?**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **I truly hope, for him, that he is indeed dead. Any alternative punishment for betraying Aztechnology is terrifying. That’s why the rumors say he took his own life after the madness in Denver at the end of 2081.**

- **Pyramid Watcher**

**So, to have an idea of the kind of assets the consortium theoretically has access to, let’s recap how the membership built over the years. The French Touch was formed in 2077 by Index-AXA, ESUS, and Aesa. The next year, France Énergie, Veolia, and a Marseille-based Matrix company named Foçëa joined in.**

- **Foçëa (don’t ask me how to pronounce it) is an odd duck that deserves a few extra words. Born in Marseille, a city known for its incestuous relationship with the underworld, the corp is a weird mishmash of workers’ syndicate, a public services provider, and a criminal organization. A longtime partner of Le Milieu (the local branch of the Mafia; see the Vice upload for more information), the Matrix company also paired up with ESUS to dominate the Port Autonome de Marseille (Autonomous Port of Marseille). This move also put them in bed with Wuxing. At first, it seemed like the two entities were working in harmony, but their relationship has gone sour in the last few years.**

- **Skarn-Ka**

- **Foçëa also battled against OM Media (that now belongs to Horizon), S-K, and the late NeoNET to rule Marseille’s Matrix grid. Integrating the French Touch roughly at the time Villiers’ megacorporation was biting the bullet allowed the small corp to finally get its hands on Marseille’s grid. Since then, Foçëa is holding it tight and fighting off Spinrad Global. Needless to say, this would be a losing battle without the support of the French Touch.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**Following the Néo-Révolution in January 2079, the luxe industry fnally got onboard with the French Touch. New members included Louis Vuitton, Sanof-Aventis, and L’Oréal (both subsidiaries of Zeta-ImpChem) along with heavy industries and construction corporations like Renault-Fiat, Valéo, Barytech, Vinci, Saint-Gobain, Air Liquide, and Bouygues, a subsidiary of S-K. Finally, the tourism sector (Michelin via Groupe Med) joined. Note that the latter was a subsidiary of Renault-Fiat at that time (now it’s part of the Vehicles division of Merenati), the only contender left on this market that is big enough to challenge Horizon outside of Paris.**



- **Note that Renault-Fiat, or rather the new Merenati, is also an odd member of the FT. They joined prior to their merger with Meridional (while it was announced in ’79, it wasn’t completed until 2081). During that time, its HQ moved to Granada, Spain. So the FT held a meeting to discuss Merenati’s membership. Manon Courtade, the AA board member representing France, pointed out that Merenati was still highly invested in the country, which convinced the consortium. Indeed, their automotive core business HQ (Renault-Fiat) is still in Paris, they are still active in chemicals, tires, and tourism (via Michelin), construction (Renault-Fiat Engineering), finance (Merenati Crédit International), as well as their aeronautics (Agusta-Cierva, Fiat Aeronautica) and agriculture business (via Meridional).**

- **€spion**

**Weirdly enough, despite his enthusiasm for the consortium, Édouard Merise’s own CapAtos and other Matrix-focused concerns, such as Lagardère-Publicis and Vivendi, were the last to rally to the wagon, at the end of 2079.**

**There are countless other, smaller businesses— especially small, family-owned companies in the wine industry—which are part of the consortium, but those are the main and biggest members.**

- **It’s one of the smallest members, but I have to give a shout-out to Black Bear Entertainment! Their video games are great and their tunes are sick!**

- **Slamm-0!**
