---
id: FP-0210
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Goals
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Goals**

**The Tiding’s basic goals are to gather information, make connections, and present a valuable package to people who will pay a lot for what they know. According to the Tiding’s internal mythology, that’s all they want. They’ll use that information to satisfy their curiosity about life and get paid, and they’ll be content.**

**Perhaps that’s true, because, to be honest, they have it pretty good right now. They tend not to use violence, so they haven’t developed blood feuds. Sure, they’ve broken into hosts they weren’t supposed to have access to, and they’ve conned a fair number of people to wheedle information out of them, but those things don’t always bring about as much of a desire for revenge as, say, shooting someone in the head. So the Tiding is not near the top of anyone’s drek list. Yet.**

**Here’s the thing, though: They have money, and they have knowledge, and those things equate to power. When you have power, you get two things: enemies and ideas. People want to take what you have, and you start to get ideas of how the world could be, which is especially attractive when you have the means to make some things happen. While the Tiding might be acting neutral now, as mere fnders and brokers of information, how long will it be before they try to infuence events instead of just studying them? Some observers think it will be soon. Others say it’s already happening.**

**> How could they not try to affect the Dis situation? It threatens the state of the planet. If they have information that could help save us, they should use it, and I believe they will.**

**> Baka Dabora**


**and given how secretive this organization is, if you know them, you’ll know more than most.**
