---
id: FP-0229
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Bases and Hideouts
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bases and Hideouts**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The Tiding does not work out of any permanent facilities, instead preferring to rent out any spaces in cities where they need to work instead of making any long-term commitments. Still, if you have an idea of a city where they’re operating, you can narrow down where to look for them by knowing some of their tendencies. These include:**

_**They want to be able to reach their targets but not be right next to them:**_ **Typically, the Tiding will be looking into some signifcant power broker in whatever city they’re in, which means they’ll usually make sure they can reach the heart of that city—whether that be corporate headquarters or a civic center—without too much diffculty. They don’t want to be right next to their targets, as they feel that provides too much exposure. Typically, they’ll locate themselves within a fve- or ten-minute journey by foot, scooter, or transit (usually not cars, because driving and parking in such areas is a pain).**

_**They want excellent Matrix access:**_ **Hacking may not be their thing, but research is, so they want a strong, reliable Matrix connection. If you have any idea how much you can fnd out about a person on the Matrix, you’d understand why this is important. This, combined with the frst item, means they often fnd themselves in areas that host startup companies.**

_**They want good but not great police response times:**_ **There is a happy medium to be struck here. The Tiding sometimes operates in legally murky areas—entering places they shouldn’t be, pulling cons, that sort of thing. For them, the fast police response time is not so much the problem; it’s the excessive monitoring that often comes with it. They don’t want someone watching their every move. At the same time, they have signifcant resources and some powerful enemies, so they don’t want an absence of police presence where they operate. Finding the sweet spot between over-monitoring and under-serving is their goal.**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 234] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 368] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

_**They prefer an open foor plan:**_ **The Tiding believes in the power of collaboration, so they like their agents to interact with and feed off each other, bouncing ideas around the room instead of sitting isolated in separate offces. They like big, spacious rooms, which often means they rent space in newer buildings.**

**ings have recently been converted to offce space, then start looking for the Tiding there.**

**> You can also take a real estate-centric approach—in any given city, there isn’t a ton of open-floor-plan space available for short-term leases. If you can get a list of spaces available right before you think the Tiding came to town, you have a good list of addresses to check, and it’s probably not that long. > 0rkCE0**

_**They want to be able to blend in:**_ **No intelligence operative wants to stand out. While Tiding principals and operatives come from many backgrounds, they tend to share a certain bearing and grooming common to people who don’t live paycheck to paycheck. They regularly pay for nice haircuts, they don’t buy the same discount clothing wageslaves and lower-class people depend on, and they perpetually carry themselves like they belong. Those elements are enough to make them stand out from people like us and those we generally live among. That means that if they rented a place in a runner-friendly neighborhood, they’d be too obvious. So they tend to be in more upscale neighborhoods, the kind of places where corporations put a ping-pong table in the break room to prove they’re employee-friendly (but ping-pong playing should be kept to ffteen minutes per ten-hour shift, and ping-pong time is unpaid).**
