---
id: FP-0149
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Principals
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Principals**

**This is the trickiest one, as the singers change all the time, but the song remains the same. The current head of the policlub is Ramona Peterson out of Pittsburgh. She’s a seventy-two-year-old great-grandmother who talks about being scared for her family, trying to make completely reasonable points as the face of pro-humanity. She was chosen for that reason since, hey, who can yell at a nice old granny? She brings homemade cookies to interviews, for frag’s sake. The bigger threats are the ones offscreen who picked her to be the face of the club, the moneymen, and the thinkers. There’s a line out there somewhere about fearing the short guys with thin mustaches—I don’t know how it goes exactly, but the big knuckle-draggers**

**with lead pipes aren’t the** _**real**_ **threat. Three names in particular stand out:**


**tion is higher than I want to talk about. The aftereffects are hard to handle mentally, too. There’s a high suicide rate in the Goblinized, and quite a few of the survivors have trauma-related damage for the rest of their lives. I managed to (mostly) work through mine. Morris … didn’t. After the frst year of Goblinization, the transformation rate dropped massively. Maybe a thousand humans a year would become goblins, and that number kept falling—until the comet. Halley’s Comet in ’61 fared magic up all over the place, and a second wave of Goblinization hit nearly one percent of the population. Morris is one of the lucky winners of comet lottery, and he’s been furious about it ever since. Watching a troll stride up to a Humanis podium to rant against magic and to lament the world that “reduced him to such a mockery of a man” will hurt your head, but he’s invited to plenty of talking-head shows to spew his hate. He’s in charge of the Involuntary Goblinized, or InGob, faction of Humanis, and they have a loud, if not large, number of followers. Many of them are shut-ins or socially inept, so stick to the Matrix, where they have a vastly amplifed voice.**
