---
id: FP-0154
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Tactics
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Tactics**

**As the face of the overall anti-metahuman movement, the Humanis Policlub sticks to politics. Running candidates, infuence-peddling, trading votes, quid pro quo, and of course, moving money around to support their racist ideals and candidates willing to advance their plans are all in the playbook. They’re experts in messaging, and the advantage of having one core message (humans** _**good**_ **, metas** _**bad**_ **!) lets them ally with just about anyone as long as their agenda gets advanced. They aren’t opposed to working with other meta-organizations, either, as long as things can be aligned properly—there’s a whole thing between the Humanis Policlub and some pro-elven policlubs in Tír Tairngire, for instance. They push for humans to get a second-class status behind elves but above everyone else, and they support the elven racists who push down on goblins. Frag, you can even fnd some of them reaching out to the Sons of Sauron, who want orks to break off from the UCAS and start their own nation, an idea that Humanis is fully behind and would love to see happen.**

**> That makes no sense!**

**> Beaker**

- **Racism isn’t rational.**

- **The Smiling Bandit**

- **Sometimes, metatypes live best when in a nation of their own.**

- **> Hannibelle**

**They don’t do much on a national scale, weirdly. I mean, they’d** _**love**_ **to, but the votes aren’t there. Where they excel is in smaller ponds, like state, or even more local politics. Plenty of places you only need a sheriff and a mayor on your side to cause endless trouble for local metas, pushing them from rural communities to migrate to the cities, where they wind up in ghettos, which are in turn used by the media to showcase how Those People live, whirling another circle around us. Nothing is ever so vicious as petty stakes, and the Humanis Policlub is fraggin’ great at pettiness. Ever wonder why buses don’t go into well-off communities? Humanis knew that trolls, and many orks, have trouble ftting into cars, so they made sure to get buses made that could handle their size and at the same time made sure that bridges around certain communities were made low enough that the new buses couldn’t drive under them. Just like that, public transportation couldn’t go into certain neighborhoods, so goblins found themselves zoned out, even if nothing was on the books offcially. One overlooked aspect is, I kid you not, school boards. Humanis members make a point of getting on as many school boards as possible to keep a simple status quo in effect: keep schools funded by property taxes on the area that particular school serves. This means that schools in well-off, human-centric suburbs get lots of funding due to the valuable homes there, while those schools in the meta-flled barrens get almost nothing, creating a sustainable loop of good jobs for the well-educated humans, poorly educated metas who can’t compete with them, and the ability to point to “failing public schools” as a way to divert more public funds from those schools to human kids.**

- **This happened in Europe as well as North America. The extra hundred nuyen for a GPS with height clearance is worth it.**

- **2XL**

- **Huh. I never noticed.**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **When Japan got rebuilt after the comet, shorter bridges were a way to save money and conserve construction materials for the nation as whole. It just so happened that these low bridges created ghettos for those released from Yomi. How convenient.**

- **Mihoshi Oni**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **No proof of it happening? No paper trail at all? Ignoring the stated reasons? I dunno, sounds like a conspiracy theory to me.**

- **> Plan 9**

- **Honey, we need to talk about where Jack will be going to school this fall.**

- **Netcat**

**They never get their hands dirty; that’s for the Human Nation and Alamos 20,000, but the policlub is ever-present and active. One of the areas where they’re most prominent is the Matrix. I know, I know, “Humanis can’t deck” is a well-known meme, but they’re commonplace at the low- and middle-tier of the tech world, with enormous outpouring on social media and video games. If your kid has ever been on** _**Virtual Shooter**_ **, for instance, they’ve heard endless racial slurs fowing out of other players and teammates and probably drop some of it into your house when they’re stressed. The number of hardcore gamers who casually toss slurs at their fellow gamers is just the way online gaming is, and since the practitioners accept it, there’s no real push to do anything about it. When some group starts to get upset about it, the social media side kicks in and you get hundreds of them lashing out at anyone who dares attack “gaming culture,” with death threats and more tossed around on the regular. More than one metarights activist has had their personal information leaked to the Matrix, their kids harassed at school, and Lone Star rapid-response teams called in to terrify the household when some Matrix troll reported that they were selling BTLs or doing other high-end crimes in the household. This so-called prank gets people hurt, but they’re good enough to hide from repercussion. Well, until somebody calls in the best ork decker that they never met to fgure out who was responsible, that is.**

- **A couple of years ago, as an April Fool’s gag, the moderators on UCAS Online thought it’d be hilarious to combine the forums of the Humanis Policlub with the Karaoke Cowgirls fandom. Confusion erupted for a half hour or so until the Humanis guys figured out that a golden recruitment opportunity had fallen into their lap. Normally, KC is for young girls, but the latest season featured excellent animation, solid writing, and an amazing voice-actor cast, and it broke out to teenagers and even some adults. Many of those non-traditional fans were ostracized for liking a kid’s show. They felt unloved and wanted to be accepted, which made them prime recruiting material. The policlub snapped up a ton of personal data and, even after the forums got untangled, continued to recruit, forming a new pipeline for timid young men to fall into their hands, where they could be slowly molded into Humanis members.**

- **> SeaTac Sweetie**

- **Is that what happened?! Sprout-0 loved that show, but when I took him to a convention, it had way too many creeps in the mix.**

**How do you love a show about the power of song to bring people together while also hating people who look different than you? > Slamm-0!**

**Keep in mind that while they keep their hands clean, they aren’t above hiring shadow talent. The advantage of having so many corporate contacts is that they can use a corporate Mr. Johnson as a proxy or drop a Ms. Smith in your lap to help their cause without you realizing it. (Of course, there are also a few runners who just work for them happily, but the less said about those guys, the better.) An Ares rep who wants to undercut a rival exec probably does it for a promotion, but maybe he just doesn’t like that the other subsidiary’s run by a dwarf. The Johnson who sends you after Evo certainly wants that cutting-edge bioware, but the fact that it harms a meta-friendly corp is a nice bonus. The Mitsuhama Johnson … well, you get the idea.**

- **Not to mention the gang wars and ethnic rivalries. Who was that troll ganger who warred with the Ancients back in the day? Sure was strange how he got bumped off in prison. If you didn’t know any better, you’d think that some elves were working with Humanis-friendly guards.**

- **Plan 9**

- **There’s money moving around the Seattle Underground all the time as the Axegrinders keep pushing out local orks. These conflicts make for great newsbites. Wonder which corporations benefit from that?**

- **Sounder**

- **Hey, they have legitimate titles and deeds. Obey the law, and you won’t have trouble.**

- **0rkCE0**
