---
id: FP-0157
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Ork Rights Committee
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Ork Rights Committee**

**So, let’s talk about who** _**is**_ **standing up to these guys. We start with the Ork Rights Committee, or O.R.C. These are good people who spend a lot of time and effort as community organizers, getting people to stand together and get active, assembling protests, boycotts, media campaigns and yes, a shadowrun or three when funding allows for it. They’ve been fghting the good fght for longer than most orks have been alive, and they’re good at it. They’re absolutely the people that you can trust when the chips are down, and they’re a great place to start if you want to make a difference.**

- **For orks, and to a lesser extent trolls. There’s technically room for dwarfs and elves to march with them, but it’s behind the goblins and the humans. It’s just real, real hard to get orks to understand that elves have a hard life, and vice versa, and some metas have a belief, true or not, that there’s only so many rights to go around and that more rights for dwarfs, for instance, means that there are less resources to deal with the problems that trolls face. We always talk about racism as being directed from humans to metahumans, but that’s not the only pathway. Not even close.**

- **Frosty**

- **That said, organization skills are similar enough that if you learn from O.R.C., you can direct those lessons to your own struggles as well. The Tír saw some of those lessons on display before the uprising, but then the winners forgot the core lessons and put most of the system back in place instead of tearing it down. That was a missed opportunity.**

- **Sounder**

- **Says you. Me? I like having somewhere I can go to and feel normal for a while. Stability’s good for business.**

- **Haze**

**O.R.C. has branch offces in pretty much every city in North America and stays in contact with similar organizations across the globe. They don’t have the reach of Humanis, and nowhere near the money, but they still fght the good fght.**
