---
id: FP-0070
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Basics**

**Something big is on the horizon.**

**That has been the basic message of fringe—and some mainstream—groups for thousands of years. A revolution is coming. A new world order is forming. Jesus Christ is returning. King Arthur will return to save England. And so on and so on.**

**The new coalition of seers and info brokers known as Convergence is aware of this history. They are steeped in enough doomsday prophesies to shy away from prophesying doom. They want to be very clear that they are not saying the end is nigh. The end** _**isn’t**_ **nigh. But something is. Something is nigh.**

**Much of their effort to this point has been about establishing that fact. Their work going forward will be to try to defne what that “something” is.**

**In this, they face the same diffculty anyone who claims to glimpse the future has faced: doubt and questions about why their visions are not more clear.**

**Consider the Oracle at Delphi, the original model of the cryptic-yet-accurate seer. Roman Emperor Nero, who killed his own mother when he was twenty-two, went to visit the Oracle at Delphi and heard this: “Your presence here outrages the god you seek. Go back, matricide! The number seventy-three marks the hour of your downfall!”**

**Being the kind of person that would kill his own mother, Nero doesn’t take this lightly, and he goes ahead and burns the Oracle alive (one of the ongoing hazards of the seer profession—not everyone will like what the future holds). Just because Nero doesn’t like the words, though, doesn’t mean he’s not going to think about them. He turns them over in his mind and decides it’s all right—the Oracle meant that he would reign until he was seventy-three years old, a full forty-three years after he heard the prophesy. Plenty of time! Maybe he shouldn’t have been so hasty in burning her? Anyway, he goes off to rule—and lasts only a year more as emperor. He dies as Rome is abandoning him and pledging allegiance to a governor named Galba—who happened to be seventy-three years old.**

**The Oracle, had she lived long enough, would surely have pointed to Galba’s age as a fulfllment of her prophecy. And perhaps it was! Sometimes all we get is an impression, a fragment, a hint at some signifcance.**

**The question is, was that information at all useful? Nero certainly missed its interpretation,**

**so it did him no good. But what was he expected to do? Execute everyone who turned seventy-three? What if the number meant something else, like the number of servants at an estate, or the number of soldiers in a unit? What if it pointed to the year 73 (only fve years later than Nero died?**

- **The dating system that would have made the year of Nero’s death 68 was centuries away from common adoption at the time.**

- **Snopes**

- **Killjoy. But some year with a seven and a three in it could have been approaching, is the point.**

- **Electric Feel**

**It’s a lot like the fake psychic trick of saying something like, “I sense someone close to you with something about the letter J.” Almost everyone knows someone whose name starts with a J (frst or last name), and if you don’t, well, there are always street names, town names, countries—you get the picture.**

**So the seventy-three was right but also unhelpful. This is an accusation we face often, that we tell people things, but we don’t ever** _**tell**_ **people things. Our explanations are often post hoc, desperate covers for predictions that were never really right. So why should anyone take this seriously?**

**That’s the other job of Convergence right now— convince people to listen to them, because whatever this something is, they believe it’s** _**serious**_ **.**

**With all that overview, I need to take a little time to discuss what this organization is. Some members of the Seers’ Guild have partnered with some specialists from Brokerage X. There are two common threads connecting the people who formed this organization: First, they have spent a lot of time trying to anticipate the future; and second, they have made** _**boatloads**_ **of money doing so. They founded Convergence as a nonprofit organization in the UCAS (a nation that dearly would have liked to have been able to anticipate the future a few years back) and made separate foundations with large enough endowments to fund the nonproft’s operations indefnitely. They hired a team of lobbyists and PR specialists to help them sell their message, and a few more seers and intelligence offcers to help them determine what their message actually is.**

**They’re hard at work trying to get people to prepare for whatever is going to happen. Or at least not be active in making whatever it is happen faster.**

- **Wait, like directly? Going up to legislators or whoever and telling them “We’d like your help in averting a disaster whose nature we can’t really describe right now?” Are they getting anywhere?**

- **> Kay St. Irregular**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Sadly, their initial approaches were not too far from that. As they’ve learned, though, they’ve modified. They’re now more about gaining influence and building connections to those who control resources so that when stuff goes down—or sooner, if they can figure out what’s going to happen—they can respond quickly.**

- **> Electric Feel**
