---
id: FP-0167
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: To-do List
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **To-do List**

**Now that you’ve had a better look at who they are and what they’re doing, I should let you know that I’m looking for people to do some jobs for me, and I’m not the only one.**

_**Rescue ops**_ **: The Skraacha are happy to rumble in the Underground, but they can’t beat legal papers with fsts and feet. They’re always on the lookout for runners who can hack into Renraku servers to fumble paperwork (the original data’s backed up too well to just eradicate it, but anytime two copies differ, it slows them down while the courts try to fgure out which one’s correct), and using those openings to get people out before they get arrested and evicted is key. The pay’s not good, but you build up favors, and favors can’t have a price tag attached.**

_**Anvil-breaking**_ **: There’s no direct link between the Humanis Policlub and the Axegrinders that I know of, but there’s likely to be some support fowing in. O.R.C. would love to uncover those**

**links, so if you’re good at data extraction and social engineering, I have open contracts.**

_**Cut off the head**_ **: Like any political party, Humanis leadership has secrets in the closets, and people will pay to learn those secrets. Journalists, other political candidates, frag, even Humanis politicians who are tired of waiting their turn and want to move up** _**now**_ **, there’s always a need to poke around where we’re not wanted and to gather blackmail material.**

_**Kick ’em in the pockets**_ **: Similarly, the best way to slow ’em down is to hit them where they feel it: the wallet. Exposing racists can get them run out of business, or their businesses closed, and every single racist who loses their job is a paycheck that doesn’t go to the Humanis Policlub.**

- **Long-term gains but a short-term cost. Driving them out makes them bitter, and they often slide into the Human Nation at that point, turning to violence. Don’t blame yourself for the life choices that these guys make, but I should point it out for those with certain standards.**

- **Kia**

_**Support the marches**_ **: When O.R.C takes to the street, they always need some subtle security and unsubtle medical support. They tend to get counter-protests from the Human Nation, and those guys are always itching for a fght. The marches also sometimes get pushed back by law enforcement, as some politician wants to win some “law and order” votes while seeing some heads cracked. The pay’s low, but so’s the risk. A good entry point for the rookies in your life.**

_**Voice the voiceless**_ **: No, I’m not asking you to run for offce; we’re often not cut out for that, but whenever a candidate crops up who challenges the Humanis narrative directly, the Human Nation revs up to take them out. Those people need protection. I learned that the hard way.**

- **Some of us definitely are cut out for office and should take on the challenge. Bull for Mayor of the Underground! Make the Underground Ork again!**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Bull, I see what you’re doing, but you still can’t banhammer a fellow mod.**

- **Glitch**

- **We need FastJack back.**

- **Bull**

- **For a counterpoint, if you want to work for the Humanis Policlub, drop me a PM away from JackPoint and the prying moderator eyes. They pay much better.**

- **0rkCE0**


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
BISHOP’S<br>GAMBIT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**
