---
id: FP-0061
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Making a Connection
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Making a Connection**

**If you want in, you need an invite from a member or possession of a card, which is usually a guaranteed quick way to get an invite from a member. Being in gets you invites to events and allows you to host events to show off to the others. It also gets you access to safe places to store cards that are neutral ground for Echoes. These spots aren’t neutral beyond the society, but they are well-protected and enough others have an interest in keeping them safe so that you rarely need to worry.**

**Staying in requires you to host an event at least once a year, and you must pay your dues to the society. Dues are steep—my sources say mid-six-fgures yearly, but this gives you a lot of access and invites. You don’t need to have a new card for each event and actually don’t even need a new card for your**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 247] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 247] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**events, but you do need to demonstrate some effort to acquire cards through external or internal efforts.**

**You also can’t add on any other invites until you’ve proven yourself. No surprise they’re a little protective of their clique, but it’s no big deal. > Delphi**

**If you aren’t an Echo and you’re hunting for cards, you’re considered an obstacle and a bit of an uncouth rapscallion. They regularly direct invites to other hunters when they encounter them. If you aren’t hunting cards, you’re just a pawn in the game of fates played by the world’s powers. The Echoes see themselves as above that, as the people who are taking efforts to shape the fate of the world rather than sitting back and just letting it go to hell in a handbasket. They also see anyone not actively connecting to the SWT as unworthy.**
