---
id: FP-0147
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

The core of racism is simple enough: Those People look different than me and I don’t like it. Icarus



- **It’s a bit more complex than that, but in essence, you have room for around two hundred and fifty people in your brain as “your people,” and anyone outside that number is an “other.” Metahumans, in all their variety, are programmed to accept their own people and default to being wary against others.**

- **Icarus**

- **There are also a small number of people who reject their own kind and see “the other” as superior. This is where you get your assorted posers who would rather be with elves/orks/etc. instead of their “own kind.”**

- **The Smiling Bandit**

- **Here we see one of the many problems with this subject—scientific mistakes abound, even among those who think themselves of having good intent. What Icarus is talking about are variations on Dunbar’s number, a theorized limit on how many people we can have active social relationships with at one time. People have then tried to apply that number to different mental processes and have acted like it’s some sort of cognitive limit. But it’s not. Brains are variable, and acting like there is a number that limits who you can accept is just not true—but can be used by those who would like some sort of limit to exist, for reasons.**

- **Frosty**

**I chose to dig into the Humanis Policlub because they encapsulate this hatred, and once again the threat from them is rising. Keep in mind, they’ve been around since before I was born, and they’ll be around long after I’m gone. They might wear a different hood, they’ll certainly have a different name, but in the end, the fres of hate burn on and**

**on. That train is never late.**

**The Humanis Policlub was created in 2023 in central California, back when it was part of the United States. It formed around a core of religious fundamentalists who were outraged when metahumans were declared to have all the rights of other humans by the Supreme Court, quickly growing past its roots and spreading across the nation in a decade. Despite the coverage, it isn’t a successful party in and of itself. They hold few state-level offces and even fewer national ones, but they have infuence that belies their size. In the UCAS, for instance, they don’t hold many seats in the House of Representatives, but almost all of the Archconservatives, and an uncomfortably large minority of Technocrats, are on board with their agenda or are at least willing to help them with it in exchange for something that they want. A quid pro quo is what it used to be called, I think, trading something for something else. I want funding for a project, and you’ll give me money for it as long as I don’t hire a company run by Those People, for example. This gives them the ability to get things snuck through that would never pass on their own, dealing one papercut after another to Those People.**

- **As they say, you only know the truth if you’re in the room where it happens.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

**Humanis acts as the face, all smiles and handshakes in public, but pushing for hate behind closed doors. Everything they do is legal, or at least legal-ish, and they’re where you get the core dogwhistles crafted that the media and the footsoldiers then repeat. The network of hate goes further of course, from Alamos 20,000 as their terrorist side to corporation promotion networks that keep goblins down while promoting humans with half the talent to the Unicorn Hunt Posse to a bunch of drunken guys dragging trolls behind their pickup trucks.**

- **Hold up. How are unicorn hunters racist?**

- **Riot**

- **Not unicorn hunters—the Unicorn Hunt Posse. Bunch of rich teenagers who got their hands on laés knockoffs. They used it to drug and sexually assault elf girls, cutting off their hair to keep as trophies. The victim can’t remember who attacked them, but the haircut instantly lets everyone know what happened. The Posse competed against one another for points but eventually got found out and prosecuted. All of them got off without a conviction. The fact that the judge played golf in a country club with one of the Posse teens’ dad? Oh, well, these things happen. Two of the victims removed themselves after that. There was a pushback where young elves were wearing their hair short in solidarity, but unfortunately the “game” spread from there. Don’t leave your drinks unprotected, ever.**

- **Netcat**

- **A small break here. I wanted to get this out of the way before I went further. As you know, I’m an ork, but I was born human. I Goblinized back in ’45, when I was just thirteen years old. I’d been fed the horror stories about orks my whole life, and I’m ashamed to admit that I believed them, even shied away from the ones in my elementary school, back when I was in one. I don’t remember much about changing, the pain was … well, you don’t remember the pain, not really. But I remember the horror of looking into a mirror for the first time and seeing this face instead of my face. I pulled at it, scratched at it, even tore some of it off in a blind panic before I was stopped. The scars healed where you can’t see them, but I can. I hated what I was turned into. When I look into the mirror now, I’m used to it, but sometimes I see my old face, just for a moment, and the depression kicks in.**

**> Bull**

- **I’m so sorry, Bull. I can give you some meds if it’ll help?**

- **> Butch**

**> I’m not worried about seeing my old face, Butch. I’m worried when I can’t remember what I was supposed to look like**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**anymore. There are nights when … look, I’m cutting this off before I go into some real bad places, okay? It’s not you, it’s me. > Bull**

- **There are many days I wish I was born human myself, Bull. We should gather up the wives sometime and talk offline. My wife’s a human too, you know.**

- **0rkCE0**

- **This self-hate is what prejudice does to people, which is why meta pride activities are so important.**

- **Mihoshi Oni**
