---
id: FP-0058
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Allies & Contacts
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Allies & Contacts**

**It would be easier to say who they aren’t connected to. The Echoes touch lives and people across the globe and all over the economic status spectrum. Denton Krueger is currently a buyer and property assessor for SpinGlobal, but seven years ago he was a squatter in Seattle who came into possession of six cards. The Echoes didn’t come at him like vultures but instead paid him handsomely and set him up with job at Spinrad. He worked his way up, owes the Echoes for his new life, and happily pays them back with access and favors.**

**He’s not a unique story. The Echoes do things like this all the time. Some of them have a greater hand in the efforts, but the favors are often paid back to the society as a whole rather than individual Echoes. Most of the globe’s A+ rated corps have at least a handful of individuals who connect to the Echoes.**

**Except for S-K. Saeder-Krupp, likely at the behest of their owner, doesn’t have (or allow) ties to the Echoes, or any other group involved in the SWT. While Lofwyr may be depicted in the set, he is not keen on his people playing with the dangerous deck. I couldn’t fnd out exactly why, but most inside the corp think it’s because Lofwyr doesn’t want to fall any further down the corporate rankings. Internal talk says someone on the S-K payroll accessed and used a collection of cards that was responsible for S-K falling from the top megacorporate spot. Could be drek, could be true, but it’s chip truth that no one at S-K is allowed to dabble with the deck anymore.**

- **While Lofwyr calls the Echoes persona non grata, Urubia has had several dealings with them. The majority involves getting access to any of the cards related to the Taco Temple imagery because one popped up a short distance from her Funhouse in the barrens, and she has become fixated on the strange phenomenon. She works alongside a lot of Echoes and has been offered membership but doesn’t take it, as she’s got a very narrow interest. For their part, they seem keen to work with her.**

- **> Bull**
