---
id: FP-0228
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Danielle de la Mar
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Danielle de la Mar**

**The scourge of the Matrix has not disappeared, and she has become protective of her creation. After playing a strong role changing Matrix protocols back in 2075, she feels ownership over the Matrix, which means she wants to protect it from harm. She is no expert in the actual workings of the Matrix (she thinks of herself as an “idea person”), but she has been in enough conversations to have heard about the Null Sect and be worried about it. She likes the idea of a totally independent intelligence agency, and feels they are the right entity to look into the Null Sect for her. She is particularly interested in any corporate connections the Null Sect has, or if some corporations are trying to use them to sabotage others. She wants the Null Sect exposed and anyone helping them brought down, because they are interfering with what she sees as her beautiful Matrix.**

**This is a test of the Tiding’s Matrix capabilities. Their human intelligence is top-notch, but their hacking skills are not on that same level. None of the principals are great hackers, so they have to rely on their operatives to navigate the Matrix.**

**There are many good operatives out there, but no one evaluates a hacker as well as another hacker, so there are questions about how good the principals have been at recruiting really good hackers. And if you’re going to dig around the Null Sect and their possible allies, your hackers had better be** _**good**_ **.**

- **They will never admit this, but they’ve lost a few operatives in the Matrix recently. The Null Sect has the Tiding on their radar, and they’re going after hackers with identified connections to them. That’s going to make future recruiting more difficult.**

- **> Netcat**
