---
id: FP-0027
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: '> Bull'
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Bull**

**Dadeson: How do you convince people? Sarkenbleck: It’s easy. We have the truth. Look back at our world in just my lifetime. A dragon**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**civil war that could have erased or enslaved humanity, the blackouts that caused death, destruction, and panic because we lost our pacifer, bug city, Boston, Detroit, the Crashes, and the shedim, to name a few. I could name many more, each an easy hook to use as a recruiting point for what is wrong with this world.**

**> I’m not normally this guy, but I think our author may have proven a point for the fragbags he’s trying to out. I’m no saint, but these mental compulsion spells are outlawed for a reason, and it’s one of those moral lines even some of the most unscrupulous among us won’t cross.**

**Just thought it was a little on the nose.**

**> Winterhawk**

- **Oh my ghost! These nutbags are worshipping a fucking demon or great form spirit or something. It’s subtle and fuels their “power,” cares little for the lives that are lost, and gains power through their worship and belief in its cause. Asintmah wants magic, tech, and augmentation gone. All those things that bump humans up the threat ladder. It was smart to not go after guns— that’s a battle no one wins—but they certainly aren’t failing.**

**> Sage**

- **That makes a lot of sense, actually. Even though they are trying to weaken mana, they’re really just stripping it from the masses, and taking away other augmentation also just “weakens” us overall. This screams powerful entity with a taste for soft targets and a clever way to get them.**

**> 2XL**
