---
id: FP-0153
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Cookie Jenner
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Cookie Jenner**

**Coocoo Cookie (she hates the nickname, so we always use it) is the real deal, a fourth generation ork with a human mother and an ork dad who bailed when she was a kid. She has a lot of hardknock life beats, but her mother managed to get her into private schools. She got herself a Bachelor’s in journalism and got introduced to some of Morris’ work in her freshman year. She became upset that no one was talking about what she saw as eye-opening work, ranted against “groupthink” in college, then went out to discover “the truth”and crashed in the real world. She wound up hooking up with a guy in the Humanis Policlub, who introduced her to the outermost layer and got her interested in politics. She gets paid good money to say astoundingly racist things that her human friends can’t, and the applause and support they give her makes up for the disdain the ork community gives her as a sellout.**

- **She’s young and gorgeous, smart, and recently single. Shame I’m already married. Still, she’s got a bright future ahead of her.**

- **> 0rkCE0**

- **She’s a cute little mouthpiece now, but you don’t stay twentythree forever. As soon as she starts no longer being useful as a ventriloquist dummy, they’ll turn on her in a heartbeat.**

- **Butch**

**There’s more (a never-ending supply, honestly), but I have to move on.**
