---
id: FP-0155
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Resources
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Resources**

**Here’s where things get tricky. The Humanis Policlub doesn’t have resources like we’re used to. Do they have money? Sure, but we’re not talking dragon money, let alone megacorp money. Do they have power? Not much frepower, almost no magic, and while they have a fair number of deckers, they’re not that good in the grand scheme of things. They don’t even have that much in the way of position, where they run nations, sit as a CEO, and so on. So what** _**do**_ **they have?**

**Numbers.**

**The actual number of out loud and proud Humanis members is around one million dues-paying members in the UCAS. That’s already good-sized for a policlub, but the number of people who quietly support them is much, much higher. When you go worldwide, there are those who say a third of humanity aligns with their view to some degree, and around ten percent strongly. This means that they**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**have reach like few other organizations. Anywhere you go, there’s someone thinking good things about the Humanis Policlub within twenty meters of you. The girl taking orders at McHughs? The guy in his car riding to work in a downtown offce? The lady policing the park? The dwarf who fxes your armor and curls his lip whenever an ork walks into his shop? All nod along when they hear a Humanis talking point, keep the fatscreen at the shop turned to a channel that tells them what they want to hear, or make really uncomfortable arguments at Christmas dinner after they get a few drinks in them.**

- **Oh, come on. A third of the UCAS wants to murder metahumans? That’s ludicrous.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **Not what he said. A third are sympathetic to Humanis talking points. Racism has a sort of pyramid structure. At the bottom is just believing the narrative, that orks are naturally disposed to doing crimes, that trolls are dumb, that dwarfs are greedy, and so on. A casual level of racism. A layer above that are the ones who crack racist jokes (How do you keep a dwarf from taking your credsticks? Put ’em on top of the fridge!) and mutter terms that were created as slurs back in the day while complaining that you’re all too sensitive. Go another layer up, and you get people supporting those who “are just saying what we all think” or are “telling it like it is.” This is where you start getting community pushback and people more willing to start taking action, from tossing trash down for an ork janitor to pick up, making fun of a teenaged elf for being too skinny, or quietly filing some dwarf’s application into the trash without even looking at their qualifications. Keep climbing, you get more slurs, violence, and worse.**

- **Icarus**

- **Racist jokes are always an entry point and a shield. “You want to take Alexis out to lunch? What, you know some place that serves dandelions?” They laugh and expect you to join in, but if you don’t, they get upset. And if you get upset, they’ll just snort and say, “It was just a joke, chummer.” It’s Schrödinger’s Joke, where they don’t mean it … unless you’re into it.**

- **Butch**

- **Yeah, it’s really common for people to use humor like that, like when some guy you’ve been talking to asks you for feet pics while laughing. They actually do want them, but if you get weirded out by it? “It was just a joke! Ha ha!” Just … ugh.**

- **Turbo Bunny**

- **Wait. Are those requests not jokes?!**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Heyyyy, look at the time. Gotta go pick up the kid from school!**

- **Slamm-0!**

**\<User Slamm-0! Has disconnected)**

- **You’d be surprised by how hurtful some of those comments can be. I’ve upgraded my own chassis several times to add curves after one too many “You put the ‘stick’ in ‘stick shift’” shots. I’m a grown-ass woman, it shouldn’t hurt, but it’s never easy to be reduced to just your physical form.**

- **Turbo Bunny**

**What this means in the grand scheme of things is that you’ll be dealing with echoes of these guys everywhere. No, this doesn’t mean that every third guy you meet wants to put on a hood and burn a cross in your front lawn, but there’s an** _**awful**_ **lot of people who’ll tsk as Lone Star cracks an ork’s head open and drags him away while saying, “Well, that’s just what you get for littering. They should really know better.”**

- **Going to step in for a minute here to clear up an old Humanis lie that still gets kicked around today. Orks. Do. Not. Have. Litters. We don’t. There’s a slightly higher rate of multiple births in orks than humans, sure, but you’re looking at a rate of twins in one in two hundred and thirty births (orks) vs one in two hundred and fifty (humans), or triplets one in 9,500 (orks) versus one in 10,000 (humans). Higher, yes, but still uncommon, and five, six, and so on? We’re not cats, dammit.**

- **Butch**

- **Are you sure? I see groups of five or six ork kids being drug around by their mom at the store when I go, uh. Slumming. <wince> Sorry Butch!**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Group parenting. Lots of parents are off working, so some parents take care of their own kids and their friends’ and neighbors’ kids. The kids get passed around from one family to another, based on who’s off at the time, with someone unemployed, like an older aunt, responsible for three or four different sets of kids at the same time. You’re shopping for several families, trying to keep the kids from running off like kids do, and you’re being stared at the whole time; what, you think we can’t hear the whispers? But you have a host of errands to run before your shift starts, so you take your turn, then pass the kid to the next person when their shift ends. As people say, it takes a village.**

- **Butch**

- **Did … did I do a racism? I’m so sorry!**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Don’t worry about it. Ignorance ain’t hate.**

- **Butch**

- **But there we see how Humanis’ reach works. They started publishing “scholarly” works about the races back in 2050 that introduced the idea of ork litters, and everyone just took it at face value. They’re omnipresent and always making small, but constant, influences.**

- **Bull**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **My father’s a troll. My mother’s an elf. If we weren’t all the same species I wouldn’t even have been born. We were all human before the mana rose, we’re all metahuman now. That they can’t understand this is infuriating. Worse, their lies spread like wildfire. We have to fight on every corner.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**Worse, these guys don’t see themselves as racists. If you ask Humanis members, probably ninety-fve percent of them will tell you that racism is bad, and they don’t want anything to do with it, but they won’t say that they, themselves, are racists. They have a concept of this “racist golem” in their head, some hood-wearing goon who burns crosses and wants to beat orks to death with crowbars, and they just can’t see how wanting more orks to “act human” or warning people about dwarf conspiracies is at all racist since, to them, they’re not advocating killing orks while wearing hoods so clearly they** _**can’t**_ **be racist. It hurts your head on the outside, but there it is.**

- **Core psychology. They understand socially that racism is bad, but on a personal level they think of themselves as good. As such, they have to distance themselves from the bad image, so they can’t admit that what they’re doing is racism, because if they did, then it’d mean that they’re bad and the brain just isn’t set up for that.**

- **Icarus**

- **What about the guys who are open about their racism?**

- **> Sounder**

- **Same thing, with one change—they don’t understand that racism is bad. They see it as a good thing, and that they are heroes for standing against society and being hard men making hard choices. In their mind, orks are coming after their women, so they need to beat them down, or even kill them, to keep that from happening, like some shining knight saving a princess from a dragon. Those guys think that it’s a heroic act, not an evil one, so they will loudly proclaim their position to anyone who asks. Luckily, even in the Humanis circles, this level of confusion is rare.**

- **Icarus**

- **The hoods and robes are retired. These days, they wear hooded jackets and breathing masks. Hides the identity just as well but makes them seem more normal.**

- **Dr. Spin**

**So what does this mean? It means that Humanis puts constant pressure on everything in small doses. Sure, they lean on government to pass racist bills, but also corporations to have racist hiring practices, law enforcement to break out the clubs on metahumans, media to highlight the crimes that Those People do, especially against humans, and more. They’re whispers in stores, being followed**

**by store security, or even complimented for racial traits. “You’ve got to try out for the cheer squad!** _**All**_ **elves are graceful!” or “Get Steve to help. He’s an ork, so lifting this shouldn’t be a problem” are low-level racism, and Humanis is right there, beneftting from it. When someone gets treated harshly for “it was a compliment!”, some Humanis-friendly person is there to tell them that Those People just play the race card but** _**they**_ **understand that nothing harmful was meant and that people like them should stick together.**

**It’s insidious. It’s nefarious. It’s everywhere.**
