---
id: FP-0186
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: 'Pesky Earworms - Posted by: Onstage'
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pesky Earworms**

## **Posted by: Onstage**

- **For those who have never heard of Onstage, do not be surprised. They’re a first-time guest to JackPoint, but they are not new to Matrix performing arts. Their normal MeFeed (which has been blocked during their access here, of course) exceeds thirty million confirmed independent viewers. So we’ll let them get started.**

- **Refugee**

**Hi! As Ref said, I’m a performer. I feed on inspiration when I’m at my best. I’m working my way toward my frst big award, something beyond the reach of a single mega’s buyout, if you know what I mean. Regardless, about a year ago, my career and I tried to bottom out earlier than I had planned. Every performer I’ve ever met has suffered from burnout, but this was bad. Really bad. I couldn’t whistle up a tune, a line, a scene … nothing. Now, I know it’s going to sound cliché, but when in my third week of this, and with everyone else losing their patience and faith in my talents, I got a break.**

- **Yeah, young talented rising star gets down on their luck, falls into depression, hits novacoke by accident (of course), and sees their way back out of the pit?**

- **Old Crow**

- **Not exactly.**

- **Denizen**

**I was reading an actual softcover, the curtains were open, normal orange hazy light coming through, listening to** _**Evitá Fresca**_ **, the ’59 version, where the normal strings section was upped with winds. I love just letting myself drift to those heights. Well, this time I really drifted. At frst, I thought I was asleep. Everything just seemed not real. Not like simsense not real, but defnitely fantastical. Oceans of salt-white sand. Sky is blue, but you get to see the really big constellations super sharp. Occasional veg growing here and there, not always green, but always alive. Breeze is blowing through your hair, and I don’t have hair. I walked around a bit, barefoot, listening to the sands playing in the wind as they blew across themselves. Came to a log, sat down feeling so calm, clearer-headed than I’d felt in a while.**

**Realized there was this being who looked like a person wearing a completely neon-outlined mask, totally psyched out, playing a triple-drone fute,**



**and the notes coming out were like the sighing of the sands around us. It was mesmerizing. Best trip I’d been on while sober and unjacked. Then they just looked at me, and I thought … “time to write.” I realized I was already writing—well, drawing really—with my toes in the powdery salt. Then I was writing, and I could hear that guy playing again. Every note he played was a note I wrote down, then he was standing over me on the log while I wrote more in the sand. I couldn’t tell if he was playing what I was writing or I was writing what he was playing.**

**But I was writing.**

**Snapped to and just kept on writing, had my AROs live and lit, and I just kept writing. Was told I shouldn’t say what I wrote, or what I played, but I’m pretty certain nearly everyone has heard the album that we laid down. Some of the cruelest melancholy punk …**

- **Oh MY G.O.D. I know who you are. I LOVE THAT ALBUM!**

- **> Pistons**

- **When you need a good cry, that’s the thing to play. But when it’s over, you feel so alive.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **Bonds likes melancholy punk? Chalk that up to a new piece. Wait a sec, I think I know that album too. Track five gets stuck in my head all the time.**

- **Old Crow**

**… okay, sounds like I talked to much. But yeah, anyway, while I was at the studio one day, my PowerLINK lights up with a message. I thought it was a fan who found a way to beat the company’s algorithm, but it was from Wraith. He left this completely whack message in pictoglyphs, but they made sense. After some back-and-forth with Wraith, I wound up talking with Denizen, who hooked me up with Ref, which is how I wound up spilling the tale to all of you.**

- **All of which, by the way, got Refugee in trouble with me for going behind my back and breaking our agreement for his sanctuary. But since I’m not into alien calamari so much, I let him explain it to me. By the time Onstage was talking with them, and Bonds, it had become a lot clearer that this was something real. Or at very least, all of them believed deep down it was.**

- **> Marko**

- **Since when does belief warrant sitting down like this?**

- **> Stone**

- **Since I have no problem using mind probes to verify information when and where I can.**

- **Marko**
