---
id: FP-0069
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Electric Feel'
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Electric Feel**

**Our own Arete (and I’ve forbidden him from responding to thi** s message so **h** e can **t** a **k** e **hi** s **l** umps, **b** u **t h** e **’** s **li** a **bl** e **t** o s **h** ow up later in this post) fell into this trap. His abilities as a seer gave him certain insights into the scope and power of the Black Lodge, and he thought he could translate that knowledge into effective work as a spy on the Black Lodge, passing himself off to some as a member while he leveraged his seer powers into even greater knowledge of the organization.

**>** Look, seers are difficult. We have to admit that they have access to knowledge the rest of us don’t have—if they didn’t, their entire line of work would have dried up years ago. But they’re still here, we still give them money, and many people find value in their pronouncements. So they seem to know something.

Yet! If you want to hear a truly entertaining argument, ask two different seers to interpret the same set of arcane data. And everyone who has used seers regularly has a wealth of stories about how useful they were—along with at least one or two about when they completely misread whatever signals were sent their way.

And he wasn’t entirely wrong. It worked for a while, and he obtained significant knowledge about one of the most secretive organizations in the world. He also made enemies in and out of the Lodge, most of whom had no real knowledge of what he was trying to do. They guessed at what he was, and he tried to provide enough misdirection to keep them guessing. Eventually, though, there was just too much information out there, and even though some of it was totally wrong, people felt compelled to act on it. We expelled Arete as a suspected Black Lodge member for a time, and it took a whole lot of explaining—with a ton of supporting evidence—to get us to change our minds.

On top of that, seers sometimes buy into their own mythos a little too much. As people who see into the future, they should have an advantage over all of us. They should have the ultimate insider knowledge, and they should be able to manipulate the rest of us because of what they know. So some of them try, forgetting that the ability to see some tendencies in the future and having skill at social engineering are two entirely different things.



**Arete knew a lot. He just didn’t know as much as he thought he did, and that made his life very complicated for a long time. Especially because the Black Lodge does not forget.**

**Keep that in mind as Electric Feel—a member of the Seers’ Guild, like Arete—talks about Convergence. > Glitch**
