---
id: FP-0266
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Broken Arrow in Winnipeg
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Broken Arrow in Winnipeg**

**The AMC may have given up on Winnipeg, but Warpath has not. The frst half of the job requires the runners to make it to Minot (in Oceti Sakowin) to collect a package for transport to Steinbach (in the Algonkian-Manitou Council). The package will be under the care of Eagle Security, and it is a long, sealed metallic box. It is a nuclear warhead that was stolen, during the invasion, from the nearby Minot Air Force Base. Once stolen, it is to be handed to Warpath. Unfortunately, the trip will not be an easy one, as the theft has not gone unnoticed, and the runners have been tracked to the meet-up.**

**As soon as the transfer is done, a team of Wildcats will converge on the runners’ position to try to recover the warhead and take down the Warpath representatives. They will dog them as long as they remain in Oceti Sakowin land.**

**Another group hunting the PCs is a small hive of roach spirits (fesh forms led by a good merge, a former technician working at the airbase) who wish to use it for their own dark design. They will not stop at the border, pursuing until they are either all dead or have their prize.**

**Finally, the AMC will eventually be informed of the situation and will try to prevent the warhead from falling into Warpath’s hands. Once the warhead is handed to Warpath in Steinbach, they will smuggle it into Winnipeg with the intent to blow up the UCAS airbase beside Winnipeg International Airport.**
