---
id: FP-0212
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Brionna Talbert
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Brionna Talbert**

**Talbert met the other members of the Tiding through her position with Horizon. Her offcial title was Director of External Relations—North America West Division, but the common belief is that she served with the Dawkins Group. She fts the profle—she’s intelligent, charismatic, and willing to put aside any scruples she may have to manipulate people to get what she wants.**

**She is the Tiding’s resident expert on social manipulation, and she takes full advantage of all the tools the Sixth World offers her. She has an army of MeFeed and P2.0 bots at her disposal, so she is capable of manipulating trends, mentions, and other aspects of social media to get eyeballs directed where she wants them and to provoke certain types of reactions.**

**One story can serve as an example of how she works (while also showing how the Tiding often operates on hunches). Talbert had decided to chase down some rumors of attempted memory manipulation by a secretive clinic. She connected some of these rumors to the UCAS government, so she started following the MeFeed of Scott Mulroy, a DeeCee lobbyist. She took a couple of months to make small talk with other followers, ingratiating herself with them.**

**She then manipulated a series of events: First, Mulroy visited a legislator to talk about health care, and the legislator asked some pointed questions about memory manipulation. Talbert’s bots then went to work, some loudly proclaiming that memory manipulation was impossible, others spitting out a wild series of conspiracy theories. Talbert herself watched the conversation and targeted some people who were skeptical about the conspiracy theories but didn’t dismiss the possibility of memory manipulation. She got them talking, asking them questions and feeding their egos about the answers they gave her, and eventually she got invited to a private chat. She didn’t get a ton of secret information in that chat, but she got a name that directed a lot of her subsequent efforts: Animus Construction.**

- **Talbert has an array of online personas she’ll break out depending on the person she’s talking to. They’re all designed to get the other person to open up. There’s the fawning neophyte, the vaguely parental figure, the cool person who you want to impress, and my favorite, the know-it-all who starts hostile but becomes impressed by what you know and starts to be won over by your argument. For the right sort of person, that last one is like a blast of novacoke, and they can’t stop talking to her.**

- **> 0rkCE0**
