---
id: FP-0158
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Mothers of Metahumans
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mothers of Metahumans**

**Next up are MOM, the Mothers of Metahumans. They’re fading these days, with membership down from their heyday after the Night of Rage, but they’re still around. While O.R.C. works the**

**sprawls and major metro areas, MOM focuses on small towns and the suburbs, networking women together in smaller, more intimate settings. They don’t lead many marches, but they attend all the Supperware parties and church socials. They rolled into action most heavily in ’61 and ’62, after Halley’s Comet. MOM had been there for one another during Goblinization and learned a lot of lessons that they honed over the decades after. They were fast to call on people to stay calm, to lay out how people were still people under all that, and to offer counselling to those in need. Full disclosure: MOM helped me through my own transition. I’ll never repay my debt to them, but I can pass some of what they taught me on to the next generation. This one’s for you, Ms. Irby.**

- **An interesting social trend: Where men tend to skew more conservative as they age, women grow more radical. The leading thought is that these are ideas that they always had, but as they age, they stop caring about what people might think and start expressing themselves more openly and with directness. Not that MOM is made up exclusively of retirement-age ladies! There are plenty of younger women in the mix, and men are welcome to join as well, but they are quite the minority.**

- **The Smiling Bandit**

- **O.R.C. and MOM team up here and there. When there’s an incident, MOM shows up to console the family and provide needed emotional support and financial aid, while O.R.C. breaks out the bullhorns and gathers people to march on city hall to see justice done. They complement one another well.**

- **Beaker**

- **Of course, there are only so many volunteers and so many donations to go around, so they sometimes struggle against one another for resources.**

- **Balladeer**
