---
id: FP-0165
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Bases and Hideouts
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bases and Hideouts**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The easiest way to fnd members of the Policlub is the local policlub offce, duh. Beyond that, it’s hard to not fnd them, since they have so many supporters everywhere you go. To fnd the ones that matter, you have to go where the politically connected go: corporate offces, golf courses (they fraggin’** _**love**_ **golf), country clubs, and the more exclusive frat houses. Every now and then, you’ll see some exec trying to blow off a picture of them wearing fake tusks or plastic ears at some party and they’ll laugh it off as a what drunk college kids do, bristling at the idea that they were “posing,” like wearing orkface is better. Since they infest other organizations, they always wind up with rooms or offces for them to gather with like-minded people, promoting from their own circle to “keep the riffraff out” and generally networking with one**

**another. A car dealer might cut “good people” like them a deal when they notice they have the same ring on, bank offcers are certain that they’re good loan risks, college admission offcials know a good bloodline when they see it, and so on. Drek, there’re even shadowrunners who hang out together, where they can just “be one of the boys” for a while. You might think that you have to work with those guys because they have skills you need, but I promise you, plenty of us can do everything they can and more, and we won’t cost your soul in the process.**

- **Also, you use one of those guys when in a tight spot? We’ll know, but we can forgive. You keep using them? Well, we don’t forget.**

- **> Butch**

- **Then again, if you’re interested in moving up in the world, getting out of the barrens and starting climbing the corporate ladder, well, you’ll find more tusks in the sewers than the boardroom. Sometimes, you have to leave the bleeding heart at the door and grab the gold.**

- **0rkCE0**
