---
id: FP-0227
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Hestaby
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Hestaby**

**Great dragons tend not to rely on partnerships with people. They prefer to be in charge, not to be in an equal relationship. But things have not been normal for Hestaby since she was stripped of her holdings after the Dragon Civil War, and she still has work to do to rebuild what she had.**

**While some of the knowledge she seeks has to do with the standing of her fellow great dragons, she is not so reckless as to pay people to meddle in draconic affairs (other than her own). Instead, she is looking for other information that might help her navigate back to the top of the Sixth World’s power structure. With the Dis situation growing in intensity, she has been gathering more information about it so she can position herself correctly.**

**That raises a natural question: Position herself correctly to do what? The easy answer is**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**make money, using information to buy and sell the proper equities. Despite her losses, though, Hestaby has no real need for money. A draconic hoard that’s reduced in size is still enough money to tide over a human for several lifetimes. She can earn money by following basic investment principals. What she wants is infuence. Thanks to the information she has received from the Tiding, she understands that she could burnish her reputation as a friend of metahumanity by helping dispel the Dis threat. The main question is what kind of help she can give and how she can ensure her side will succeed.**

**Her magical knowledge is, of course, solid, so she doesn’t need too much help understanding tactics to use directly against Dis. What she needs is to better understand the scope of their operations and who their allies are, and that is more information the Tiding could help her with. Battle lines are in the process of being drawn and solidifed (see the** _**Scotophobia**_ **download for more information), and Hestaby is looking at ways to help that won’t just be effective but will build loyalty and appreciation for her. That is a sort of power she very much knows how to use.**

- **One key area of interest is finding people who can influence undecided organizations to move one way or the other. If she can help them maneuver the levers of power correctly, she feels she will gain a lot of loyalty. Unfortunately, one such corporation she will not do much with is Saeder-Krupp, as she knows she won’t get anywhere influencing Lofwyr’s domain.**

- **Baka Dabora**
