---
id: FP-0226
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: Astral Space Preservation Society
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Astral Space Preservation Society**

**This is not where the ASPS is comfortable. The part where they investigate astral phenomena and fx damage to the astral plane is just fne for**

**them, but the part where they have to dig into megacorporate politics is where they get nervous. They have some experience with run-of-the-mill jockeying for position within a corp, but high-level corporate espionage has never been their thing. Now, though, it has to be, because megacorporate politics and the state of the manasphere are inextricably connected.**

**Before now, most damage to our manasphere was incidental—it happened while corps and others were in the process of other activities, like polluting or causing massive psychic trauma. We are at an odd time now, though, when some powers of the world are deliberately destroying the manasphere—or at least, allying themselves with a party attempting to do that.**

**Most Dis allies are not, of course, shouting this partnership from the rooftop. They know the PR risks are horrendous (to say the least), and many of them are not entirely convinced of their position. While some people steering an organization may currently be on a pro-Dis path, others object highly to it, and if they gained more power, alliances could be disrupted.**

**This means ASPS is very interested in who is allied with whom, who might be having second thoughts, and how power might be shifted to groups more inclined to fght Dis. As I noted, gathering this sort of information is outside of ASPS’s core competencies. To them, the Tiding is a great partner for this, as the magpies will not be unduly infuenced by a corporate master as they gather information.**

- **The trouble will be that, once ASPS has information about who wants to do what, they won’t have a lot of leverage to get people to move their way. They don’t have a lot of that kind of power. They probably will need to call on their cousins at the Draco Foundation for some help on those lines.**

- **Jimmy No**
