---
id: FP-0096
source: Falling Point
chapter: General
topic: '... last update 1-19-83/1402:31 ...'
page: 54
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ... last update 1-19-83/1402:31 ...

Before we get into the specifi cs of the Denver Data Haven, also called the Nexus, we need to establish what a data haven is and is not. Legal



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**regard for the damage caused to the data’s rightful owners. In addition to traffcking stolen and proprietary information, the operators of data havens hack legitimate hosts to download news feeds, entertainment streams, and technical databases, then repackage and distribute these services to their members without regard for copyrights, trademarks, or distribution agreements. Most data havens also have agreements to share data with each other so that once stolen information is posted on one host, it is quickly mirrored on others.**

**In addition to the services outlined above, black market utilities, IC, and other software can be found for download. Services such as host setup and sculpting can be acquired with no questions asked, and even unregistered host shells can be found for sale. Arrangements can be made for delivery of physical items such as weapons, cyberdecks, and even truckloads of optical mainframe stacks. The variety of services available both requires and attracts a wide assortment of criminal types beyond the typical hacker, especially those who call themselves shadowrunners.**

- **Well, it’s not like I can go to my local dealership and order a submarine part, especially if I need it with no questions asked. Frag, depending on where you are, just trying to buy a pistol without tons of paperwork—or raising a red flag—can be a trick.**

- **Sounder**

- **Agreed—being in the business of buying, selling, and transporting weapons, sometimes in large quantities, I have found that data havens are my prime resource for finding customers, staying in touch with suppliers, and hiring the occasional contractor.**

- **Red Anya**

- **As a shaman, I’m not too interested in the latest and greatest tech chatter, but there are plenty of magical contacts and resources on most data havens. Finding a talismonger in a new sprawl can be a real chore without a data haven to point me toward a local contact. There are also services like expert program rentals that can do the grunt work for magical research. Ghost, just the databases of downloadable black market spell formulas make it worth the trouble of joining.**

- **Haze**

**At this point you may be wondering how these criminal enterprises continue to operate year after year—why are they allowed to exist without serious prosecution? The answer is twofold. First, these hosts go to great lengths to evade oversight and detection by the Grid Overwatch Division and other authorities. Second, these organizations universally have numerous powerful patrons that secretly, or sometimes not so secretly, provide protection, money, concealment, and technical support in exchange for access to their services.**

**Various data havens are known to have arrangements with an assortment of powerful criminal syndicates, national governments, rogue elements inside megacorporation, and even some of the great dragons.**

- **That’s why there’s no solid info on immortal elves. They’re major backers of the Nexus, the Helix, and other data havens so they can control what information is available about them. Sure, they’ll let tidbits slip by from time to time, but that’s just so people don’t start looking too deeply into it. Just think about it—we have multiple uploads about criminal syndicates, corporations, even two on dragons, although one got lost with Crash 2.0, but absolutely zero, none, nada, zilch-o uploads on the immortal elves. And don’t tell me we have the Tír uploads, they barely count for this purpose.**

- **Plan 9**

- **I’m starting to get used to your theories, I think, but that one feels like a real stretch. Frosty, got anything to offer?**

- **Netcat**

- **I don’t even know where to go with that one.**

- **Frosty**

**The potential usefulness of data havens will be obvious—and tempting—for those pursuing opposition research, but extreme care must be exercised while attempting to exploit them. These hosts are not accessed casually, since they are created and operated by the best black-hat hackers in the world. The security measures are designed to manage clients that are just as skilled and dangerous as the operators while keeping the host secure from intrusion by both GOD and corporate authorities. The best—and sometimes the only—strategy to access a data haven involves bribes and social manipulation of contacts, working toward someone with the current address and entry codes to a specifc data haven. This will provide some short-term access, but skilled operatives may be able to gain some contacts within a data haven and develop long-term access. Above all, remember that data havens are criminal organizations, which means that the possibility of being a mark and having your own valuable data stolen by the host’s clients, or the sysops themselves, is always a very real possibility.**

- **That’s a good warning for corporate types looking to scam their way into a data haven, and they deserve what they’ll get. However, anyone with a real rep score should be fairly safe on most data havens, since sometimes there actually is honor among thieves. Taking advantage of someone who’s well-known and well-liked by the regulars is a fantastic way to tank your own rep score.**

- **Pistons**

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FALLING POINT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 243] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 381] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 381] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 385] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Nexus, while the rest lead to a structure known as a trap door, which is used to dumpshock careless intruders. The killing jar will always be protected by a wide variety of IC, and a high-rating agent will be there to interrogate any icons that enter it.**
