---
id: FS-0504
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: "Sikh Burn\u2019s Story"
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sikh Burn’s Story

- Sikh Burn is an acquaintance from the Emerald Palace host; you probably saw his name in the posting that Lyran forwarded to JackPoint in the **Cutting Black** download. Since runners who can maintain a sense of restraint when they’re immersed in violence are in fairly short supply, I decided to get in touch with him to shed some light on how he balances his principles with his work.

- **>** Freya

We Sikhs have a dualistic relationship with violence. Our faith requires us to be kind and humble to all people, especially those in need, which you’d expect to limit how much violence any particular

Sikh is willing to employ. At the same time, the Sikhs have a long and venerated martial tradition. One of the Sikh Gurus, Guru Hargobind, encouraged all Sikhs to become _sant sipahi_ —”saint-soldiers”—after his predecessor was executed by the Mughal Emperor. Another Guru, Guru Gobind Singh, founded the Khalsa so that we could protect ourselves against religious persecution. Many Sikhs served in the British Raj’s armies before India won its independence, and many still serve proudly in the militaries of their home countries today. Sikhs are also some of the best-known proponents of Indian martial arts, like _gatka, musti-yuddha, shastar vidya,_ and cricket.

- Wait, cricket?

- Glitch

- I take it you’ve never seen what a good swing from a cricket bat can do to a person’s skull. Some of the last real-wood cricket bats in the world are made in the same part of India where the Sikhs come from.

- Chainmaker

- I would’ve never taken you for a cricket fan, Chainmaker.

- Winterhawk

- I dated a cricketer once. Decided I liked the sport better than I liked him.

- Chainmaker

Freya came to me to get (in her words) a “restrained/pacifist” perspective, but for both Sikhs in general and me personally, our restraint in using violence isn’t about pacifism so much as justice. I don’t have a problem with using violence on runs as long as it’s done for the right reasons. If I know there’s a threat coming, I’d rather strike preemptively than risk more people getting hurt or dying because I waited to act. That includes taking wetwork contracts if killing the target would prevent a greater harm, although I do have a personal rule about assassinations: I’ll only accept money to kill someone if they’re enough of a scumbag that I would’ve done it for free. I know most Johnsons only care about whether I’ll take the job or not, but I value my principles, and that’s the best way I’ve found to make sure I don’t kill someone just to satisfy my own greed.
