---
id: FS-0515
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Violence and Codes
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Violence and Codes

When you’re mid-run and one of your team refuses to shoot first, it doesn’t really matter whether it’s because they think it’s dishonorable to ambush an unsuspecting target, because Cat wants them to toy with their prey, or because they’re too soft-hearted to actually _hurt_ someone who isn’t a threat to them. So, I’m going to refer to all the ways that our thoughts influence our willingness to use violence—whether they’re ethical codes like the ever-popular _bushido_ , the demands of a mentor spirit, psychological conditioning, laws (ha!), or just plain squeamishness—as “codes of conduct.”

Now that that’s out of the way, let’s get down to business. How do codes of conduct influence our willingness to use violence? Frankly, they tend to cause more violence than they stop, at least in my experience. “But wait,” you might say, “aren’t people who follow a code always jabbering on about how disciplined and restrained they are, or how resorting to violence is beneath them?” Yes, we do tend to do that, but that doesn’t mean we commit violence less often than others. In fact, anyone who commits violence often enough to need rules for when and how to do it won’t be restrained _that_ much by a following a code. So, why bother with codes at all?

I usually divide the reasons up into two categories: pragmatism (doing something because you stand to gain from it) and principle (doing something because you think it’s a good idea even when you don’t stand to gain from it). For me, there are a few pragmatic reasons for following a code (or several intermingling codes, in my case). The first is that leaving lower body counts, and being choosy about who’s included in those body counts, makes me less of a priority for the cops. Personally, I’d rather deal with the extra hassle of having to finish a job before security wakes up than pack up my entire life and leave town because the police are knocking at my door.

- Don’t do this unless you can handle getting shot in the back. It’s all well and good to prefer harder runs over dealing with cops, but I’d rather have to leave town after shooting a bunch of corpsec guards than end up in a morgue because a bad guy didn’t stay knocked out.

- Hard Exit

- Besides, it’s not like the bad guys’ll go easy on **you** just because you’re using gel rounds. Why bother doing them a favor?

- **>** Borderline

- Because some of us think it’s important to be better people than our enemies. If we can’t do that, the world will never change.

- Old Crow

The second pragmatic reason is that the power boost I gain from following a mentor spirit depends on following the rules my Mentor lays out for me. Considering that most of the work I take involves dealing with various kinds of magical threats, that power boost is incredibly useful to me—certainly worth the trouble of making sure I keep my promises.

That dovetails nicely with the third pragmatic reason, which is that when people know that you have a code and stick with it, they’re more likely to trust your word. They might not respect the ideals of your code, but smart Johnsons will recognize that if you have the willpower and integrity to follow a code when nobody’s forcing you to, they can probably rely on you to finish the job you’re given.

- Or they’ll think you’re too stupid to try to double-cross them, which is pretty much the same thing for their purposes.

- Rigger X

- The greater danger is that doggedly following an ethical code of any kind makes you predictable. Anyone who might try to manipulate you will know that it’s possible to push your buttons, if not exactly which buttons to push.

- Thorn



In the same vein, some Johnsons offer jobs that pay extra if you limit the collateral damage. For wetwork jobs, the definition of “collateral damage” usually includes killing anyone other than the specified target or targets. Those extra payouts can add up, and going to the trouble of following Mr. Johnson’s instructions usually makes it more likely that you’ll get more work from them in the future.

As for the principled reasons … first of all, anyone who didn’t like the hooding piece I wrote might as well check out now, because it’s going to be more of the same (which you really should’ve guessed without me telling you).

If you’re still here, you probably already have a sense of why someone might limit their use of violence on principle. To put it simply, it’s because they care about seeing themselves as a good person. You might’ve already heard pithy sayings like, “every villain is the hero of their own story.” Even the most proudly self-proclaimed amoral (as opposed to immoral) shadowrunner follows a set of personal values, where their “highest good” is personal profit, and anyone who stands between them and their own profit has committed a sin worthy of death. They just don’t like to think of it in terms of “good” and “evil” because it would undermine their belief in their superiority over the chumps who still believe in quaint concepts like morality.
