---
id: FS-0050
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Shiawase Arms Tactical Model 71A
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase Arms Tactical Model 71A

Released to the general market in 2079, the Tactical Model 71A is an upgrade of Shiawase’s popular Model 71. With a well-earned reputation as a rugged SMG, the original Model 71 was developed as part of a Shiawase product initiative known as “Mobile Warrior” and packs as many features into the weapon’s frame as possible. Made of the same lightweight materials, the 71A is designed to be extremely user-friendly (read: usable by less-skilled shooters) and comes with the following standard features: an electronic firing system, Safe Targeting system, internal smartgun system, collapsible stock, and integrated foregrip. While these systems are useful, in the Model 71 they frequently overtaxed the weapon’s power supply, sometimes to the point of complete failure. To remedy this, the 71A comes with a larger and reportedly more efficient power system. To make room for this, designers went with a lower-caliber round. Whether these changes have been effective is unknown, as the weapon hasn’t been in service long enough to be properly evaluated.

- So far, the new power systems seem to be adequate for the job. But several merc and security units are instructing their people to disable some of the targeting systems until they are needed. Kind of defeats the purpose of the upgraded power systems, but it should help mitigate power issues and extend battery life.

- Picador

- Too bad the 71A isn’t quite as durable as its predecessor. I have fond memories of using an older 71 to bash faces in.

- **>** Cayman

- It may not pack the heaviest punch, but the Model 71A is extremely accurate, which allows for better shot placement, which is what any shooter **should** be striving for anyway. I’ve used it many times as my secondary weapon with no complaints. But I change the batteries regularly, just in case.

- Balladeer

- Electric Blue
