---
id: FS-0532
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Communities as Targets
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Communities as Targets

Considering how shadowrunners normally operate outside “polite society,” your professional interactions with communities will usually involve them being the target of a run. The prime example of this is taking runs against megacorporations. Yes, the corps are communities, in the sense that they’re a group of people functioning as a single unit. If you don’t believe me, ask your decker to dig up some of the bulletins that corpsec offices post to warn wageslaves about the danger of shadowrunners, then compare them to any piece of war propaganda published in the history of wars, propaganda, or publishing. The “us against them” trope is unmistakable.

- Uh, do you expect that to surprise us?

- Rigger X

- In hindsight, no. I just keep forgetting that having spent most of my life in a country where corps aren’t treated as powers unto themselves makes **me** the weird one.

- Freya

- The way the Telestrian family controls the government nowadays is hardly different than anywhere else. They just don’t bother to hide it.

- Thorn

In the early days, the elven nations were like that, especially after the Night of Rage proved that humans were still more than willing to persecute us over the shape of our ears. I’ll be the first to admit that

You may not initiate violence under any circumstances, but you may attack targets who have already proven themselves to be a threat to you or others. You may not knowingly take actions that would result in inflicting Physical damage to a target, but you may still take actions that would result in inflicting Stun damage to a target.
