---
id: FS-0543
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: How to Deal
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## How to Deal

If you’ve got trauma to deal with, you’d better figure out how, because that thing will eat you alive. Anger management issues, broken relationships, trouble with steady employment—all those are common to people with untreated PTSD.

- “Anger management issues, broken relationships, trouble with steady employment” also sound like pretty much every shadowrunner.

- Stone

- Yeah, that’s not a coincidence.

- Hard Exit

It’s a cliché, but it’s true—the first step to dealing with a problem is admitting that there’s a problem. People who are not willing to admit there’s a problem deal with it in ways that cause more problems. Perhaps the most common way of denying there’s a problem, or at least dealing with it without seeking professional help, is self-medicating. People with PTSD are two to three times more likely to develop substance abuse problems than the general population. Which doesn’t necessarily help with the anger management and steady employment angles.

On top of that, the symptoms can worsen as they are untreated and can be magnified by things like substance abuse. People clearly should get help, but they don’t. Why? Because DocWagon Basic doesn’t pay for mental health. Because providers are in short supply and always booked. Because getting help is seen as weakness, and people think they should just tough it out. Because people don’t want any part of the stigma associated with mental illness.

Those are just a few reasons. If you’ve been in the shadows for a while, you probably know someone with untreated PTSD, and if you know them decently well, you know their reasons for not getting help. There are a lot of them out there, and most of them are bad. But that doesn’t stop people from using them.

There are also really unfortunate cases where people _do_ reach out for help only to contact a doctor who doesn’t really pay attention to them or dismisses their complaints. This sort of thing can set people back for _years_ . If you have a chance to see a doctor, take the time to ask around and find a good one. The relationship between a doctor and patient can be one of the best predictors of success when it comes to mental health, so do some legwork to give yourself better odds.



The good news is that if you go get professional help, outcomes can be positive. Even just getting a diagnosis can be helpful, as people can feel relieved to understand what’s going on in their head and learn there may be something they can do about it. Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) has shown pretty good results, basically because it does what PTSD did in the first place—it rewires your brain, except this time, it does it positively. CBT is not just one thing—there are a bunch of different approaches to treating PTSD, but the basic idea is to recognize when an episode is happening and find a way to deal with it that doesn’t include violent shaking and full-on flashbacks. Relaxation techniques and self-actualizing thoughts can also be part of the regimen, as can medications including anti-anxiety and anti-depressant drugs.

While treatment can be tremendously useful, it’s important to remember that it’s not a cure. You don’t make a handful of visits to the doctor and come out all better. Instead, you learn to understand your emotions better, recognize things that trigger you, and find more productive ways of dealing with negative emotions. That doesn’t make those emotions or effects go away, but it helps you find a way to live with them.

- A few years ago, I kept getting jumpy at the weirdest times, and it got bad enough that I stalled in certain situations, which is not what you want to do on a run. I’ve got the full tough-it-out mindset Butch talked about, so I tried to just keep moving ahead, but finally a friend of mine encouraged me to speak to a friend of hers, and that person got me to work on some processes. They helped me identify the trigger—I’d had a bad experience on a Lagos bridge, and it turned out even the sight of a small bridge might make me twitchy—and work on dealing with it, while also making concrete ways to counter rising anxiety. I found some other runners dealing with similar stuff, and we got together every so often just to hash things out. All that has helped—I still feel the anxiety build up sometimes, but I can push past it.

- Cayman

- Aw, look at the big man opening up!

- X-Prime

- You don’t help at all.

- Cayman
