---
id: FS-0063
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Onotari Arms JP-K51
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Onotari Arms JP-K51

The history and evolution of the JP-K series of battle rifles is a long and convoluted one. Originally conceived to fight the next round of Euro Wars that never happened, the first runs of the original JP-K49 sat collecting dust in European warehouses for decades before the production lines were re-started with a new model, an upgraded version known as the JP-K50. The 49 and 50 gained popularity during the Dragon Civil War because they proved to be somewhat effective against (some) dracoforms (in mass fire situations) and were used exclusively by forces loyal to Lofwyr. Those who survived the battles were allowed to keep these powerful weapons as partial payment for services rendered. After the Civil War, the JP-K lines slowed to almost a crawl, and those produced were used almost (key word there) exclusively by Saeder-Krupp corporate military or affiliated forces. In 2077, Onotari announced they were producing a new model, the JP-K51, for mass-market release. This new model varied little from the previous two, except that it now included a smartgun system as standard. The JP-K doesn’t quite fit securely in any traditional weapon category, but with its range and damage profile, combined with its burstfire capability, it’s usually classified as an enhanced battle rifle. Designed with a high degree of engineering and precision machining, and made from the highest quality materials, the JP-K51 is expensive but is also extremely good at what it does: providing long-range precision fire on a platoon or even fire-team level. The only complaints about the weapon so far are that it’s extremely bulky and nose-heavy, especially when accessories (such as a bipod) are attached.

- A lot of the remaining JP-K50s and the first runs of the 51s are set to be delivered to the 22[nd] Spartan Legion mercenary unit by month’s end. Seems they solved the balance problem by bracing their JP-Ks on their ballistic shields.

- Picador


## Onotari Arms JP-K51

**TYPE DV MODE ATTACK RATINGS AMMO AVAIL COST** Rifle 5P SA/BF 1/8/12/8/8 26(m) 4(L) 9,600¥ **Note:** Includes laser sight
