---
id: FS-0571
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Knight Errant - Firewatch - (Professional Rating 5)
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Knight Errant

## Firewatch

## (Professional Rating 5)

Special problems require special problem solvers, and KE fills the ranks of their Firewatch teams with some of the best alternate thinkers around. Cross-trained with government special operations teams (at least governments friendly to Ares), they come at problems with a massive collection of tools in their toolbox. They get access to mil-spec hardware and software, and you won’t find a single one still operating at mundane speeds. Whether boosted with machine or magic, they all face the streets with speed on their side.

You’ll encounter Firewatch if you hit a high-security Ares facility or target. They spend enough time trying to mop up insect spirits that you may come across them if you end up scuffling with the bugs. They don’t trust anyone, though, so you’ll be targeted as if you’re an ally of the bugs even if you are lobbing grenades and rockets at them like there’s no tomorrow.

They’re intimidating to the extreme. And that’s without the mil-spec bugslayer gear.

| firewatch | firewatch | firewatch    |                  |                  |              |                      |       |         |
| --------- | --------- | ------------ | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------ | -------------------- | ----- | ------- |
| **B**     | **A**     | **R**        | **S**            | **W**            | **L**        | **I**                | **C** | **ESS** |
| 5         | 4(7)      | 4(6)         | 4(7)             | 5                | 3            | 5                    | 4     | 0.2     |
|           |           | **DR**<br>16 | **I/ID**<br>11/3 | **AC**<br>A1, I4 | **CM**<br>11 | **MOVE**<br>10/15/+1 |       |         |

**Skills:** Athletics 6 (Throwing +2), Biotech 2 (First Aid +2), Close Combat 7, Engineering 4, Firearms 7 (Rifles +2), Influence 5 (Intimidation +3), Outdoors 5, Perception 6 (Visual +2), Piloting 3 (Ground Craft +2), Stealth 5 (Urban +3)

**Augmentations:** Cyberears (rating 4, w/ sound link, balance augmenter, damper, audio enhancement, select sound filter 4, spatial recognizer), cybereyes (rating 4, w/image link, camera, flare compensation, low-light vision, smartlink, thermographic, vision enhancement, vision magnification), dermal plating 3, muscle replacement 3, wired reflexes 2 **Gear:** Bug Stomper armor (+8), commlink (DR 5), Horizon Flying Eye **Weapons:**

Ares Predator VI [Heavy Pistol, DV 4P, Attack Ratings 11/11/9/—/—, w/ smartgun, explosive ammo] Fragmentation grenade [DV 16P, 12P, 8P; Blast 20m] Ares Alpha [Rifle, DV 5P, SA/BF/FA, 4/10/9/7/2, w/ smartgun, explosive ammo, underbarrel grenade launcher]
