---
id: FS-0493
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Why Use Violence?
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Why Use Violence?

Now, this is where most people who write about the ethics of violence would say something like, “this isn’t intended to take a moral position on whether the use of violence is appropriate in any given circumstance.” I, however, am not most people. Answering moral questions about whether violence is appropriate “in any given circumstance” is the entire point of this section, so that’s exactly what I’m going to do. I’ll even show you how to make your own moral judgments, for those situations when I’m not around to tell you the right answer. As the old saying goes, “Teach a man to judge, and you’ll make him insufferable for a lifetime.”

In the very broadest sense, any decision a shadowrunner makes about the use of violence comes down to weighing principle against practicality. Unfortunately, that’s where the simple statements end and the stereotypes begin. One of the most popular ones is that runners who argue against violence are always members of the various goodytwo-shoes groups in the shadow community, while the runners who treat “less-lethal” ammunition with the same disdain as I treat decaf coffee (seriously, why does that exist?) are all self-centered moneygrubbers.

Anyone who’s waiting for me to say “you’re wrong,” good on you for paying attention. The truth is that there are both principled and practical arguments on both sides of the violence coin. Let’s go through a few of the most common ones.

- Good grrl, you’ve been paying attention.

- Red

- A few people tried exactly that line in the courts way back in the ‘20s and ‘30s. The landmark case in the UCAS was **Collins v. California** , where the plaintiff argued that non-physical means of harming people should be considered “arms” (which the Supreme Court agreed with) and that any kind of limitations on them went against the Second Amendment (which they didn’t).

- **>** Kay St. Irregular

- Wait, the same woman that was on **The Battle Channel** the other week? The crazy gun lady who’s like, a hundred years old, and she’s been trying to get that ruling overturned for the last fifty years? Does she know California isn’t even part of the UCAS anymore?

- Slamm-0!

- For some of us, “shall not be infringed” means **shall not be infringed, period.** Shame that being a Second Amendment activist in California is one of those cases of an unstoppable force meeting an immovable object.

- Hard Exit
