---
id: FS-0026
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Manriki Chain
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Manriki Chain

Also known as a _kusari-fundo_ or _manrikigusari_ (ten thousand power chain), the manriki chain is a handheld weapon dating back to feudal Japan, where it was used as a “non-bloodletting weapon.” While the specs may vary, a manriki chain is made up of the _kusari_ (chain) and the _fundo_ , a weight attached to the ends of the chain. The manriki’s total length varies between 30 and 120 centimeters (although longer ones are common), and the fundo typically weighs between 60 and 120 grams. In combat, the manriki can be used to strike an opponent with the fundo ends, or entrap an opponent’s limbs with the kusari. Additionally, the manriki is also a popular weapon to disarm opponents. However, the manriki chain is not an easy weapon to deploy without extensive training and practice.

**==> picture [228 x 153] intentionally omitted \<==**

- You see these in the trids and sims—some martial artist spinning them, smacking some sod in the face or ripping a weapon out of their hands. Like most of that stuff, its complete bulldrek, but these are useful to whip a motherfragger with.

- Stone

- You’ve not using it at its full potential. And clearly you’ve not taken the time to properly learn how to use it. I’ve been breaking faces and disarming slags for years with mine. That’s okay, not everyone has the skill to properly handle a manriki.

- **>** Treadle


## manriki chain

**==> picture [211 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE DV ATTACK RATINGS AVAIL COST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
