---
id: FS-0071
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Shiawase Arms Tactical Model 69
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase Arms Tactical Model 69

Designed alongside other weapons of the “Mobile Warrior” program, the Model 69 is a hard-hitting anti-materiel rifle that’s also designed to operate in the sniper role, providing long-range precision fire to platoons or fire teams. Made of the same lightweight materials as the Model 71 and 73, the 69 was specifically designed for field use. Original models featured an integral weapons commlink, but as of 2076 these were removed from all current and future production models because of crippling glitches caused by harsh environments. To compensate, the commlinks were replaced with state-of-the-art smartgun targeting systems. Since then, field reports from users have been mostly positive about the weapon’s performance, especially with regard to its accuracy and high damage profile, which can be summed up in two words: “Holy frag!” But the one issue Model



69 users constantly cite is the weapon’s long barrel, which sometimes can be a hindrance in certain tactical environments such as urban and jungle battlefields.

- Like any weapon, you have to play to its strengths. And in this case, it’s the fact that the 69 fires heavy 13mm rounds that put big holes in just about anything it hits. Find a nice nest and you can easily dominate a battlefield with this fragger. Grade-A Bang-Bang IMHO.

- Cayman

- Yeah, when armed with anti-vehicle rounds, this fragger seems especially adept at Swiss-cheeseing armored vehicles and coring engine blocks. I **still** want to find the fragger who one-shotted my Dodge Stallion!

- Turbo Bunny

- I feel your pain.

- Clockwork

- Right now the two biggest anti-materiel “kids” on the block are the Model 69 and the Barrett 122. Want to start an argument among shooters? Get them going on which one is better and why. Right now, I’m leaning toward the 69 because I can transport the thing a bit easier than the Barrett.

- Hard Exit

- The Model 69 is best at mid to long ranges, while the Barrett has just a bit more accuracy once you enter “extreme” territory.

- **>** Rifleman

- Rumor has it that Shiawase challenged Barrett to a shoot-off to see who’s got the better gun. To date, Barrett has yet to reply.

- **>** Slamm-0!

- When you’re already on top and know it, you’ve got nothing to prove to anyone.

- Riot


## Shiawase Arms Tactical Model 69

**==> picture [210 x 11] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE DV MODE ATTACK RATINGS AMMO AVAIL COST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

| Sniper<br>Rife<br>6P           | SA<br>1/8/12/16/12 | 10(m) | 5(I) | 16,000¥ |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------ | ----- | ---- | ------- |
| \*\*Note:\*\*Includes internal | smartgun system    |       |      |         |
