---
id: FS-0332
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: the difference between cover and concealment
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## the difference between cover and concealment

One of the biggest mistakes players make is thinking that cover and concealment are the same. Concealment simply prevents someone from being seen. Cover provides at least some protection enemy attack, but under some circumstances can also provide concealment. A wall made of heavy materials is a good example of both. When determining what is cover or concealment, players and the GM should consider what’s being used and how resistant said objects would be to incoming attack. For example, a metal dumpster may be resistant to smaller weapons such as pistols or SMGs, but assault rifles and larger weapons could punch right through. Whatever the situation is, the GM should be judicious in their application of how good cover and concealment are.

No matter how good things are going, all it takes is one bad break or one lucky break for your enemy to completely change the battle’s initiative. A good leader can recognize when the situation is untenable and **knows when it’s time to abort** . This principle is hard to swallow for many professionals because they see it as failure or cowardice. Sometimes you have to back off and regroup or come up with another plan. Losing a fight sucks, but dying sucks even more.



- Speaking of rep, those who gain one for needlessly endangering their team through poor leadership, recklessness, or wanton disregard don’t last long. Either the enemy takes them out, or the team does.

- Marcos

If you do have to abort or even if the mission goes off without a hitch, **make sure you have your egress planned and exit routes secured** . Taking out the target or securing an objective is great, but it means drek if the team can’t exfiltrate from the area. Unless you’ve eliminated all opposition, chances are you’ve slotted off a lot of people looking to take you out. Securing your egress increases your odds of collecting that payday.

- And just because you make it out, don’t think that the run is over. It’s a good chance whoever you just pulled a job against will be gunning for you for a while. Make sure your safehouses are secure until the heat dies down and it’s safe to contact Mr. Johnson. Then collect your payday.

- Stone
