---
id: FS-0335
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: using small unit tactics
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## using small unit tactics

In SR6, Small Unit Tactics (SUT) is a knowledge skill that covers the use, knowledge, and utilization of combat maneuvers. During combat, it can be used to perform a specific combat maneuver to gain specific benefits.

In order to enact/attempt an SUT maneuver, at least one team member must have the SUT knowledge skill as well as the Influence active skill (to perform a maneuver or instruct others how to perform it). Bonuses gained from the Leadership or Instruction specialties can be used in combat maneuver tests. During combat, SUT maneuvers are considered major actions, but can also be “prepped” before initiative is rolled. A Perception + Intuition (threshold determined by the GM) test can be used to identify a maneuver being attempted.

To enact a combat maneuver:

1. Designate a Leader. This team member will direct or command others on how to perform the maneuver.

1. On their initiative, the Leader will perform an Influence + Logic test to meet or exceed the maneuver’s threshold. Those participating in the maneuver must hold on to a Major Action to use during the Leader’s initiative. Team members with the prerequisite skills can treat a SUT maneuver test as a Teamwork test per normal rules (p. 36, SR6). **If all team members participating in an SUT maneuver have the Small Unit Tactics knowledge skill, combat maneuvers are treated as minor actions.**

1. Tally all hits from the combat maneuver test to see if it is successful. If the team beats the threshold by two, they gain a point of situational Edge in addition to the listed bonus (the Leader decides which team member can use the point of Edge).

1. Enact the maneuver, apply bonuses, and make any additional skill tests. **Note** : A combat maneuver is performed on the lowest initiative score of the participants.
