---
id: FS-0326
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: 'Roll Call: Building the Combat Team'
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Roll Call: Building the Combat Team

The primary factor above all else for a combat team is their ability to function effectively as a cohesive unit. Teams _will_ live or die based on this. Professionals are individuals with their own needs, wants, personal agendas, and methodologies. These can (and often do) come into conflict with other team members unless strong leadership is established. You don’t have to like each other; you just have to work together until the job or mission is done.

- Not every team assembled is able to accomplish that. It may start out that way, but it’s usually not long before someone’s ego is bruised, or things go sideways and start to fracture. Hopefully, the fixer is good enough to know who can work together and who can’t, because that’s their job.

- DangerSensei

- It’s also common for pros to settle issues after the job is done. As long as it’s not during, I don’t care.

- Am-mut

- Some still try. Fog of combat gets mighty thick and people think “well, things just happen.” If you gotta beef with someone on your team, keep your head on a swivel because you never know.

- Cayman

- A few weeks back I signed on as a replacement because their previous decker got tagged by a GOD tracker team. The team’s adept kept bombarding me with disgusting offers for a “good time” once the job was done. Everyone else thought it was funny and told me, “that’s just how he is.” Job went pretty smooth, but once we got our payday, the adept tried once more. So I shot him in both knees and thanked him. It turned out to be a good time after all!

- /dev/grrl
