---
id: FS-0092
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: "Crackshot Arms \u201CThunder Dagger\u201D Thrust Grenade"
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crackshot Arms “Thunder Dagger” Thrust Grenade

Some say the Thunder Dagger (ugh), or TD in certain circles, was designed by people who watched too many horror-trids and decided to make a classic vampire-killing stake in real life, but with a twist just because they could. The TD is an explosive weapon typically shaped like a spike, ranges from twelve to seventeen centimeters in length, and is specifically designed to be thrust into a target where a directional charge forces the explosive energy into said target for maximum damage. The TD otherwise operates like standard grenades and comes in fragmentation and high-explosive varieties. They can be armed either wirelessly or by depressing a special arming stud found at the base. For an extra 100 nuyen, Crackshot also offers a special reusable “combat handle” for the TD that can hold one grenade and detaches (which also arms the device) once the TD has been inserted into the target.

- Great, this is going to inspire a whole new crop of wannabe Infected hunters. Why won’t bad ideas like this just die?

- Red

- This is one of those concepts that sounds goofy, but actually works well in the field. My unit has used a few of these as components in booby-traps to great effect on more than one occasion. And the relatively slim profile makes it easy to slip it into things over a round or fat standard grenade. You also don’t necessarily have to bury it in a target.

- Picador

- Yeah, but there is something damn satisfying about plunging one of these babies into some fragger who deserves it and then watching them pop. Also works well when you shove them in sensitive places in order to make them talk.

- Kane

- I don’t wanna know …

- Bull
