---
id: FS-0278
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Detachable Drum Magazine
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Detachable Drum Magazine

In any gun battle, there’s no such thing as having too much ammo. The detachable drum magazine (DDM) is available for any clip-fed firearm except for hold-out pistols and MGs. DDMs of-

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

CUSTOMIZINGfer a shooter the chance to carry additional ammunition in the weapon itself without necessarily having to carry as many extra clips. Sizes and shapes vary and are based on the class of weapon it’s being used in. On average, a DDM doubles the weapon’s ammunition capacity. This extra capacity comes with a few costs. First, attaching a DDM all but negates any chance of concealment, especially for any pistol type. Second, because of their size and shape, DDMs are difficult to conceal; there are no ammo pouches on the market that can accommodate them. A drum holster-clip is available for an additional 25 nuyen; this holster-clip can attach to any belt, waistband, or MEMS unit. And third, DDMs are known for being difficult to load ammunition into, which is not something recommended during combat.

- I often use a DDM or extended clip in my primary weapon and then switch to standard clips when it runs dry. Allows me to maintain my stealth profile and take advantage of the extra ammo capacity.

- Rifleman

- He’s not kidding about the concealment issue. Those things stand out like a troll at a Humanis meeting. And the holster-clip is drek for holding those things in place, which means they’re also noisy as frag, bouncing around as you attempt to move silently.

- Marcos


## Detachable Drum Magazine

| **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| --------- | -------- |
| 3(I)      | 75¥      |

**Notes:** Detachable Drum Magazines double a weapon’s ammo capacity. They also take twice the time to reload ammunition as standard clips. When loaded into a weapon, detachable drum magazines lower the Concealability threshold by 2 for most weapons, by 3 for pistols. When worn on the body with the holder-clip, they lower the threshold by 1. If worn on a MEMS-style or other armor system, they are considered to have a capacity rating of 2. **Slot:** Barrel or underbarrel

- My style is to use a standard clip when I need to conceal, but keep a couple extended ones handy when the first runs dry. Logic being that if I have to burn through the first one, I’m likely in a situation where I’m going to need the extra ammo.

**>** Cayman

- Also use some common sense when using extended clips. They’re fine for an SMG or assault rifle, for example, but completely improper for an EBR or sniper rifle while shooting prone.

- **>** Balladeer
