---
id: FS-0251
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Underbarrel Weapon Mount and Attachments
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Underbarrel Weapon Mount and Attachments

In combat, you need any edge you can get, and that sometimes means adding even more bang to your bang-bang. Underbarrel weapons first gained prominence in the late 1960s when grenade launchers were attached under the barrels of what we today consider assault rifles. And it wasn’t long until other weapons were being attached. The underbarrel weapon attachment mount allows for multiple purpose-built weapon-types (each sold separately!) to be attached and integrated into the host weapon system. While this allows for some interesting combinations, using an underbarrel weapon that’s not integrally designed into the host weapon makes it extremely bulky, so good luck trying to hide it. The current popular weapons to attach include: a small shotgun, a micro-grenade launcher, a micro combat chainsaw, bolo launcher, and grapple hook launcher.

- Note about the grapple hook: It’s a launcher only in that fires the hook; it doesn’t provide the rest of the climbing gear. And you better attach the line to a winch, harness, or at least a belt because <takes deep breath> **a weapon will not support your fat hoop!**

- Mika

- That’s why I also put melee hardening on my assault rifle. When in doubt, butt-stroke the face!

- Stone

- Are we still doing phrasing?

- X-Prime

- Sounds like you need a better hacker watching your back.

- **>** Pistons

- I have an associate (funny how often we say that here) who got a pair of those “gun gauntlets” and mounted a pair of Steyr TMPs to his wrists. Programmed them to fire while he sang a particular song. Don’t ask me how he managed to pull it off, or how he knew how to time the song with when he needed to fire. But then—adepts, right?

- X-Prime

- Better than the sammie I know who uses the generic “Bang!” with his Panther. Two weeks after the last job I did with him, I still kept hearing “Bang” in my sleep.

- The micro-bolo launcher is pretty wiz. The balls are fired by compressed air tanks and feature special air-flow channels that allow them to fly better and still have enough weight to wrap the titanium-mesh wire around the target. Great for capture jobs, but you’ll need to get in nice and close. Launcher only holds two shots at a time but has enough air for ten shots before recharge is needed.

- Stone
