---
id: FS-0275
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Armored Retention Holster
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Armored Retention Holster

A staple among law-enforcement and security providers to help keep their primary duty sidearm secure, the armored retention holster (ARH) provides the user with two benefits: keeping the sidearm in question out of someone else’s hands and providing the weapon with an extra bit of protection from stray (or targeted) weapons fire. Coming in a variety of styles and fitted to the specific weapon, the ARH is only available for holdout, light, or heavy pistols and features either a manual or wireless retention release; the latter requiring a biometric reader. An ARH is designed for function first, with concealability coming in a distant second. That means they tend to be a bit bulkier than standard holsters and are typically used for open carry.

- An ARH isn’t infallible and can be overcome. But once you try, unless you’re really fragging good, you just blew your cover and your target knows exactly where you are. And they normally don’t like having their weapons pilfered.

- Mika

- I also like ARHs because they keep your pistols secure when you have to go hands-on or to the ground, because opponents _love_ to take your stuff from you, usually to use against you.

- Hard Exit

**==> picture [210 x 33] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Armored Retention Holster<br>AVAIL COST<br>3(L) 250¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Note:** Provides a +2 in opposed Stealth tests to sneak away a holstered weapon. Also provides +2 Defense Rating against called shots to a holstered weapon. **Slot:** None

- Okay, this seems kind of useless. Why waste my time with it?

- X-Prime

- You haven’t learned a fragging thing running with me, have you? More ammo is always good, but with those micro-hardpoints, you can also attach grenades for easy access. And that pouch is a great place to keep some C-12 handy. And it makes a good impromptu satchel charge.

- Cayman
