---
id: FS-0508
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: The Hierarchy of Violence
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Hierarchy of Violence

- Kane

- It was mainly because she was (and still is) a competent magician, and just as dedicated to seeing a fight through once it’s started as preventing it from starting in the first place. I’m sure it helped that she’s otherwise easy to get along with, especially when their next most convenient source of magical support was me.

- Freya

- Yeah, can’t blame ‘em for that one.

- Kane

To her credit, the Viking Cowgirl actually kept the exercise up for a couple of years before she cracked. As I understand it, her slow and steady withdrawal from giving peace a chance began when a former acquaintance used her pacifism against her. Said former acquaintance tried to unleash a nano-plague or something on Seattle and invited the Viking Cowgirl to watch, while deliberately not taking any actions aggressive enough for her to feel justified in attacking him. After some intense moral wrangling, the Viking Cowgirl finally shot him in the back, then spent a couple of weeks moping about how she’d gone against her beliefs and refusing to accept that she shouldn’t feel bad for stopping a mass murder. Within a few months, she’d gone from being all “but that’d _hurt_ people!” to beheading a defenseless bounty hunter (which surprised everyone) and trying to kill me (which, to my annoyance, did _not_ surprise everyone). In fairness, she fell under the influence of a toxic power focus at some point, so I can’t be certain whether or how much longer she would have continued her non-aggressive streak if not for the outside interference.

- “Fell under the influence of a toxic power focus”? Should we take that to mean that she’s actually become a toxic magician?

- **>** Winterhawk

- No, she hasn’t. She was manipulated into taking the focus by a toxic magician, but her team intervened and got rid of it before the Viking Cowgirl went past the point of no return. Incidentally, her trying to kill me was a reaction to my killing the toxic magician who’d been manipulating her. Hopefully, her team will help her come to her senses before she tries that again, because I’m not inclined to give her a third chance if she blows the second one.

- Freya

As I sincerely hope all of you know, some forms of violence are more severe than others. Even people who loudly proclaim their lack of concern with morals tend to think certain types of violence are “worse” than others (which is why child abusers and sex offenders don’t tend to last long in prison). The more severe the violence, the harder it is to justify, both on moral grounds and because acts that I consider “more severe” violence tend to require more time or more expensive ordnance to carry out.

There’s one very important caveat any time you resort to violence: For it to be effective in getting you what you want, it has to scare the target into believing that something they can’t handle will happen if they resist. They have to be convinced that what happens next is more trouble for them than giving you what you want, because if they aren’t, they’re probably going to fight back instead of caving to your demands. If that happens, you either just end up with more enemies, or you create a lot more work for yourself by having to find another option after you kill them in self-defense.
