---
id: FS-0322
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Gear Consideration and Selection
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Gear Consideration and Selection

Weapons and armor are primary considerations when it comes to a combat loadout, but there’s still more to consider. Combat isn’t just about killing and not getting killed; it’s about completing a mission or objective. When considering other pieces of kit to bring, ask yourself the following questions.

_Do you need any specialized gear, and how are you going to store/transport it?_ Like weapons, ammo, and armor, specialized gear has weight and takes up space that could be filled by ammo or other tools. If it’s vital, figure it out. If you can find an alternate tool or piece of gear, consider it.

- And before anyone asks, “Why can’t I just store my gear or weapons with the rigger?” I’ll say this: My vehicle isn’t always going to be at your disposal while on the job. And to be honest, it slots me off when my high-performance vehicle with nova-hot SOTA gear is treated as nothing but a mobile storage unit.

- **>** Turbo Bunny

- I’ve made a nice chunk of cred over the years selling gear from former teammates.

- Clockwork

- Normally I’d say that’s repulsive, but I‘ve done the same.

- Turbo Bunny

_How long do you plan on being in the field?_ While geared more toward the military/paramilitary types, it’s also something most shadowrunners should consider. The longer you’re in the field, the more likely you’re going to have to bring gear for basic self-care and/or survival. This means you may have to compromise on weapons or ammo.

_Always bring a medkit._ Everyone on the team should have one, preferably more, even if they’re bare bones. And I shouldn’t have to explain why.

_Are you too attached to something?_ Something any professional better accept right fragging now is that you may have to sacrifice your favorite piece of gear. Yeah, you may be out thousands of nuyen, or you may have to leave behind a precious weapon focus. But gear can be replaced, your sorry hoop can’t. Rule of thumb is that if a weapon can’t be fixed in the field or its lack of ammo is detrimental to the mission/job or the team’s overall wellbeing, then ditch it because it’s dead weight.

- This! Fragging major pet peeve of mine. I run into this mostly with deckers and riggers who are too damned attached to their decks, drones, or vehicles. But shooters and their precious guns are also high on the list. If we can salvage your gear, fine. But the second it becomes a detriment to my survival, I’ll chuck it myself. And if you give me any static about it, I’ll geek you and ditch your dead weight without a second thought.

- 2XL
