---
id: FS-0524
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: '> Freya'
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Freya

- Pfft, details.

- Rifleman

In some ways, modern soldiers are the most like runner-like of non-shadowrunners, which probably explains why so many ex-soldiers end up becoming runners. Both professions live by the principle that the mission comes first, and both accept that getting the job done might involve jumping through some morally-questionable hoops.



On the other hand, soldiers are usually subject to many more rules than shadowrunners are—or at least, they care more about following the rules that apply to them. A runner might show a casual disregard for the laws of the land with few or no consequences, but any soldier who wants to earn a legitimate living quickly learns that regulations— whether they’re the military law of a nation’s armed forces, or the policies set out by the various bodies that regulate mercenary units—are non-negotiable, and that breaking them could lead to a long stay in the stockades, if not being stripped of your uniform (sometimes literally).

**>** To be fair, literal uniform-stripping is more often done as a prank than an actual punishment. Dishonorable discharges usually involve less clothing removal and more boot-to-ass.

(whatever that means) tends to make Akichita followers come across as fun-hating jackasses.

- Have you ever considered that they might’ve challenged you because they thought you’d be a worthy adversary, and that they were trying to stop you from having fun because they were concerned that you were going overboard?

- Mika

- Of course. That doesn’t make it any less of a pain in the ass when I just want to have a few drinks, though.

- Freya
