---
id: FS-0521
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: "The Paladin\u2019s Code"
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Paladin’s Code

(Elven Chivalry, Mes ti’Beletresa)

- May not break one’s word

- May not harm the innocent

- May not allow art or beauty to come to harm

Oh, I could go on about this subject for pages and pages.

- Please, someone stop her.

- Frosty

I’m sure you’re all preemptively sick of my rambling, though, so I’ll keep it brief. The Paladins’ Code (or Mes ti’Beletresa in Sperethiel) originated in the Tírs. (Nobody’s quite sure whether it was Tír Tairngire or Tír na nÓg that first made it an institution, and I’m sure there’ll be arguments about that for as long as both countries exist.) We follow all the usual chivalric tenets, like fighting against evil and injustice and maintaining our loyalty to crown and nation, although exactly how one defines “crown” and “nation” is open to a great deal of interpretation; I’ve heard stories of the Ancients using a variant of the Paladins’ oaths in their swearing-in ceremonies, replacing the “crown” with the captain of the local chapter and the “nation” with the gang itself.

The main difference between the Mes ti’Beletresa and similar codes from other areas is that the

elven nations appreciate beauty the same way we appreciate honor, justice, valor, and all the other knightly virtues. If you’ve ever wondered why so many elven paladins are so vain (myself included), it’s because we haven’t just vowed to defend our principles—we’ve literally sworn oaths to look good doing it.

- That is the elfiest thing I’ve ever heard.

- **>** Sunshine

In the old days, I would’ve said that the Paladin’s Code was also set apart by being an all-elven institution, but that hasn’t been the case for almost two decades. Larry Zincan, the former High Prince of Tír Tairngire, had a good number of his fellow orks as Paladins even before the took the top job, and many of the current Council of Princes have based their hiring decisions more on merit than metatype lately. Plenty of people outside the Tírs have also used the recent mainstream explosion of “elven spirituality” as an excuse to declare themselves “paladins” of somethingorother, which frankly irritates the hell out of me—but that’s not critical to my central point, so I’ll save that discussion for later..
