---
id: FS-0252
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Underbarrel Weight/ Heavy Barrel
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Underbarrel Weight/ Heavy Barrel

One way or the other, you can tweak your street howitzer to ignore that desire to rise upward after every shot by making the barrel too much to throw. It does a great job of bulking up your forearms on pistols and makes a great shoulder workout for the rest, but slinging lead downrange in rapid succession is a lot easier when the barrel doesn’t keep bucking off target.

- Hard Exit



Underbarrel Weapon Attachment Mount

**==> picture [210 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
AVAIL COST<br>3(I) 500¥<br>ATTACK<br>WEAPON DV MODE AMMO AVAIL COST<br>RATINGS<br>Shotgun 4P SS 6/10/5/—/— 5(m) 3(I) 350¥<br>Grenade<br>Launcher [As grenade] SS 4/9/7/2/— 5(m) 4(I) 1,350¥<br>Micro<br>Combat 3P — 8/—/—/—/— — 3(I) 900¥<br>Chainsaw<br>(exotic)<br>Micro Bolo<br>4S\* SS 7/9/—/—/— 2 3(I) 800¥<br>Launcher<br>Grapple<br>Gun Special† SS 2/4/8/—/— 1 2 200¥<br>Launcher<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Note:** The installation of an underbarrel weapon effectively removes the underbarrel slot for further accessories. Underbarrel weapons are not available for pistols and SMGs. This modification takes two slots.

\*If a hit on a target is successful, the target is receives the Hobbled status. † Successful ‘attack’ means hook is secured. The micro line has maximum range of 100 meters and supports up to 100 kilos. Attachment hook is included; additional climbing gear sold separately.

- I just call this “trollification.” My regular heavy—“Z,” as we call him—has added every bulk option he can to his AR. Thing’s so heavy most of us can’t even lift it. Makes a great trick when he drops his gun and someone else goes to use it.

- Kali

| underbarrel    | weight/heavy barrel |
| -------------- | ------------------- |
| **AVAIL**<br>2 | **COST**<br>70¥     |

**Note:** The mod alters the AR as follows: –2/+1/+1/—/— and decreases the AR modifier for Semi-Automatic and Burst Fire by 1 and Full-Auto by 2.
