---
id: FS-0584
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Eagle Security - (Professional Rating 5)
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eagle Security

## (Professional Rating 5)

Since this firm originated in the NAN, one would have expected them to gobble up all the local contracts, but Eagle made its biggest global impact with its work in Chicago before its collapse into Bug City. The hit to their reputation would have been devastating, but instead it turned out to be the shake-up they needed. They hold major metro contracts in the UCAS, CAS, Sioux Nation, and Salish-Shidhe as well as local contracts in the same nations along with Tsimshian, AMC, CFS, and a handful in the Carib League. They take a stoic and ponderous approach to policing; they certainly have a skill and even aptitude for violence, but they tend to hold those tightly in check. Many of Eagle’s most talented and versatile officers were trained in the Sioux military. While they may not get a lot of ex-Wildcats, they get a fair number of those who washed out somewhere along the line but still had the discipline for public work. Within their ranks they also possess a higher-than-average number of metahumans and Awakened individuFIGHTINGals. After the debacle in Chicago, they also have a special operations unit called the Pisko, who are trained bug hunters. Unlike some of their counterparts in other megacorps, they offer no quarter and have zero desire to research and learn from their prey. They exist simply to annihilate.

Their standard uniform is tactically focused and comes in brown or black, depending on the contract area, but both have small red-and-white highlights. Many of their dress uniforms display Lakota-inspired patterns with shell and bead accents.

| eagle security | eagle security | eagle security | eagle security |        |        |          |       |         |
| -------------- | -------------- | -------------- | -------------- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------- |
| **B**          | **A**          | **R**          | **S**          | **W**  | **L**  | **I**    | **C** | **ESS** |
| 5              | 3(5)           | 4(9)           | 4(6)           | 4      | 3      | 4        | 3     | 1.7     |
|                |                | **DR**         | **I/ID**       | **AC** | **CM** | **MOVE** |       |         |
|                |                | 9              | 13/3           | A1, I4 | 11     | 10/15/+1 |       |         |

**Skills:** Athletics 5, Biotech 1 (First Aid +2), Close Combat 4 (Clubs +2), Electronics 2, Firearms 4, Influence 3 (Intimidation +2, Leadership +3), Outdoors 5, Perception 5, Piloting 2 (Ground Craft +2), Stealth 4 **Augmentations:** Muscle replacement 2, reaction enhancers 3, wired reflexes 2

**Gear:** Armor jacket (+4), commlink (DR 5)
