---
id: FS-0006
source: Firing Squad
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Introduction

Some shadowrunners are stealthy, some are charming, some are ace diplomats, but pretty much all of them, at some point, need to draw down and see if they can survive an onslaught of violence that erupts in front of them. Whether it’s a trigger-happy ganger, a dauntless Lone Star officer, or an opposing shadowrunner, someone’s going to insist that the only way you’re going to get past them is with force, and you have to come through or face defeat.

_Firing Squad_ is your guide to avoiding the latter, with tools and tips runners need to survive—and to deal with the aftermath of their actions. The book starts with **Weapons Rack** , which greatly expands the _Shadowrun_ arsenal, giving players plenty of new options to bring into the field with them. **Suit Up** covers the other side of the coin, providing more armor options. **Customizing Weapons** does just what it says, providing rules and options that allow shadowrunners to put all sorts of modifications and accessories on their weapons so that they can carry exactly what they want into battle.

**Honing Your Edge** recognizes that while gear is important, how you function in the field is critical. It offers tactical advice and options to help runners

intelligently use what they have. **Sharp Combat** further fills out runners’ options with new Edge Actions, Edge boosts, and martial arts. **These Violent Delights** takes a deeper look into the world of violence, including how and when runners select to employ force in the field. It also includes a host of codes of honor for runners using the Honorbound quality and new rules for using Heat and Reputation. **Violent Ends** examines the different ways violence can affect runners and how trauma might change their path through the shadows. It also contains new qualities and quality paths, giving players the chance to take their characters on a journey as they experience different ramifications of violence and decide how to deal with them.

The book concludes with **Fighting Forces** , detailing some of the security details runners might come across and providing different types and levels of the included forces.

With this information, gamemasters have the tools to throw challenges at players, and players have the tools to meet them. Player characters will have to prove that they’re the ones who can survive when the firing squads of the Sixth World start raining bullets in their direction.
