---
id: FS-0580
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Minuteman Security - (Professional Rating 4)
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Minuteman Security

## (Professional Rating 4)

A lot changed for Minuteman in recent years, and the security corp has done quite a bit to rebrand itself. A rebranding made far easier thanks to being owned by the best spin firm on the planet. Horizon has shifted Minuteman to be the security at almost all of their facilities. They lease out the excess (which is considerable) to several other small corps and a number of their own subsidiaries, and they have bids in for several metropolitan contracts all over the UCAS, CAS, CFS, and PCC. There was a rumor during Seattle’s sprint for freedom that the contract would go to Minuteman, but the firm isn’t big enough to handle a metroplex of that size.

With a collection of interesting experiences under their belt and some creative cross-training, Minuteman has a preferred SOP. They observe first, ascertain threat and danger to local resources, and then contact or initiate an engagement plan. This usually means they will start out with a few Observe in Detail actions and then call in backup appropriate to the threat and the equipment said threat is carrying, often utilizing a swarm of deckers to brick everything in the Matrix before their security personnel ever fire a shot.

comes to dealing with problems, all the way up to eradicating entire gangs as a solution.

Centurion forces can be identified by the redand-gold highlights within their uniforms, along with the touches of the Roman legion. This includes the Xiphos tactical gladius issued to every officer.

Centurion operates across several Spanish, Italian, and Balkan states in Europe, along with numerous African nations. They have smaller contracts in Seattle, California Free State, the PCC, and a growing representation in Denver, despite Centurion’s draconic ownership. They operate as supplemental forces to local security and police forces, even hiring runners to bolster their own numbers and fill in roles they are lacking in a region.
