---
id: FS-0254
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Weapon Commlink
page: 66
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Weapon Commlink

With commlinks being a vital part of life in the Sixth World, it was inevitable that someone would put a commlink into a weapon. And then try to figure out why they wanted to do that. The first weapon commlinks debuted in 2074 and were designed to act as a sort of personal aid for the shooter as well as perform many of the commlink’s standard functions. They did not, however, really catch on with professionals, who saw them as superfluous and often unnecessary. But with the ever-advancing threat of modern electronic and cyber-warfare, weapon commlinks found a new lease on life. In 2078, Renraku started producing (with other corps and companies quickly following suit) their version of theweapon commlink, which acts as a dedicated internal communication suite, as well as an additional line of defense against electronic attack. A weapon commlink is basically a micro-command and control router for a user’s PAN. It collects and routes all data from broadcasting weapons/gear and encrypts the data making it more difficult to hack. It also provides a firewall that is accumulative when linked with other devices, PANs, or tactical networks. And because the data is routed through the commlink, the weapon commlink will take damage before the weapon itself does, acting s a sort of cyber-circuit breaker. Most electronics will still be shot, but at least the weapon will still go bang when the trigger is pulled. The main drawback to the weapon commlink continues to be how much internal capacity it takes up and the overall cost.

- This is something that one would, or in my opinion should, put on their most valuable or primary weapon. I have one installed in a rather expensive sniper rifle—I’d sooner lose an arm (again) than risk that one.

- Balladeer


## Weapon Commlink

| **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| --------- | -------- |
| 4(L)      | 2,000¥   |
