---
id: FS-0174
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Murder Armor
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Murder Armor

This stuff was a kitschy gimmick right up until Corinne Potter, a Seattle gubernatorial candidate at the time, took some shots right in the chest as part of an ambush, and then stood up on live trid, dusted herself off, and thanked Horizon for the fantastic protective wear. She avoided calling it by its brand name, but everyone knew what she meant. Few people care that the name’s a little vulgar; they just care that they can take a round, feign injury, and let their security detail deal with the rest.

- Love when the political stage is used for advertising. This stuff is not designed to take high-caliber rounds. This was a show of Barnum & Bailey proportions.

- Snopes

| Murder       | armor            |                   |                   |                    |
| ------------ | ---------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- | ------------------ |
| **DR**<br>+4 | **SOCIAL**<br>+2 | **CAPACITY**<br>4 | **AVAIL**<br>4(L) | **COST**<br>5,000¥ |

**Notes:** Characters shot while wearing Murder Armor may use a Minor Action to play dead with an opposed Con + Charisma vs. Perception + Intuition Test with a –4 dice pool modifier on the attacker. Success means the attacker ignores the character, assuming they are down, effectively giving them the Invisible 4 status. If the user makes an attack on their previous attacker, the Invisible status is lost after the attack. Murder armor simulates injuries with built-in Gorepaks, which must be replaced after each use. This costs 200¥ and requires an Engineering + Logic (4, 1 hour) Extended Test. Gorepaks cost 200¥.
