---
id: FS-0064
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Onotari Arms Kali II
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Onotari Arms Kali II

Based on the same “AR”-style weapon that eventually evolved into modern weapons such as Colt’s M-22A2, M-23, 23A2, and so on, the Kali II is Onotari Arms’ version of that venerable platform. Overall, the Kali II is a rugged, no-frills, hard-hitting carbine based on the original Kali assault rifle. And while it’s based on the AR, functionally it has more in common with the also-classic AK line of weapons in terms of durability and damage profile. Like an AK, a Kali II requires minimal maintenance to remain combat-ready and can be easily serviced in the field. The Kali II’s hardened design also allows it to be used as an impromptu melee weapon in emergency situations with minimal loss of function. Designed specifically to dominate in short- to mid-range combat, the Kali II is extremely accurate up to standard long ranges before weapon performance drops off. Additionally, the Kali II is melee hardened and features four standard powered weapon rails—one long rail along the top, two on the barrel’s sides, and one under-barrel—that make it extremely customizable.

- Just my two yen, but the Kali is what the M-23 and A2 wanted to be.

- The unbalanced nature of the JP-K can be problematic when you don’t have something to brace it on or against, because that front end gets heavy really fragging quick, which can mess with your shot placement. Doesn’t even come with an adjustable stock, which is stupid. I had one in my personal arsenal for about a year and it shot just fine, but transport was a pain. And

- Riot

- Fun fact: Colt tried three times to sue Onotari for copyright infringement because they felt they had proprietary rights to the AR-style platform. Turns out, the Corporate Court disagreed citing legal precedents going back to the twentieth century.



Colt eventually dropped the suits, but they like to file a new one whenever Onotari puts out a similar product.

- Mr. Bonds

- Colt needs to fire their legal staff, because suing Onotari over this is pure idiocy. It’s owned by S-K, and Lowfyr could and will bury Colt on a whim if they keep up this kind of drek. Pick better battles.

is about the same length as a standard anti-materiel rifle. In a troll’s hands, it’s like carrying an assault rifle. For these slags, they needed a bipod and several bracers to take a shot. And yeah, I laughed my hoop off when the first shooter got smacked in the face when he didn’t seat it properly against his shoulder. Good times.

- 2XL

- Frosty
