---
id: FS-0073
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: "Machine Guns - Ares M-22A1 \u201CMad Mamma\u201D"
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Machine Guns

## Ares M-22A1 “Mad Mamma”

Leave it to Ares to take an already powerful weapon system and make it bigger in all respects just because they can. In the case of the M-22A1, that’s exactly what they did and then some. Based on the old Browning M-2 heavy machine gun that was often used as the primary weapon on light to medium vehicles, the M-22 concept was originally developed by Browning as a modern update of the classic weapon system. But through a series of legal maneuvers and back-door deals, Ares Arms managed to ~~steal~~ secure all rights to the M-22 platform. Now known as the M-22A1, the (ultra) heavy machine gun was initially produced exclusively for use by Ares’ Firewatch Special Forces units. The “Mad Mamma,” as it became known, saw extensive use during recent action in Detroit and quickly gained a reputation as a “bug killer.” After that little conflict, Ares Arms announced that the Mad Mamma would become available for limited sale to “preferred and qualified customers” by second-quarter 2081. However, a number of M-22A1s have been reported to already be available via gunrunners and black marketeers in North America and North Africa. Like its predecessor, the M-22A1 is not meant to be a person-portable weapon system, even as a crew-supported weapon. Its large size, weight, heavy caliber, and massive recoil can typically be handled only when the weapon is (securely) mounted to a vehicle or heavy combat drone or planted into the ground via tripod. There’s a reason it’s technically classified as an “ultra” heavy machine gun.



**==> picture [228 x 85] intentionally omitted \<==**

- And yet some idiots still try. I had a human street sam associate with extensive muscle mods claim they could handle this thing like a standard MG. Was it wrong of me to laugh my horns off when that fragger’s arms almost tore off when he pulled the trigger? And people say trolls are stupid.

- Beaker

- The stupid have to learn somehow, and pain is an excellent teaching tool.

- Rifleman

- Yeah, this thing was made from a MG that was used on **fighter planes** . Granted this was back during WWII, but still. Even a near-miss from an M-22A1 round can do some serious damage from kinetic force alone. No wonder the Firewatch folks loved this thing.

- Turbo Bunny

- Ya know, one or six would look great on the bow of my ships …

- Kane
