---
id: FS-0331
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Offensive Combat Principles
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Offensive Combat Principles

When going on the offensive, there’re multiple theories on how to do it. But they all boil down to two concepts: **coming in hard** or **coming in silent** . In my personal opinion, go with the silent option whenever possible to maintain the element of surprise while also (hopefully) catching your enemy off guard or at a disadvantage. And while objectives vary, I’m a staunch proponent of striking an opponent before they even realize I’m there, then fading away. However, not everyone buys into that MO, and there’ll be times when the enemy knows, or at least suspects, you’re coming. In those situations, you need to come hard and fast by proHONINGjecting enough offensive force that there’s nothing they can do about it except to embrace the suck.

No matter how you attack, employ the principle of **shock and awe.** The concept is that when you attack, hit swiftly and with enough force to not only overwhelm but cause chaos among the enemy’s ranks.

If you can’t sneak up on them, bulldoze them. In order to pull any of this off, one needs to have **the right tools for the job.** As I discussed before, your combat loadout should have been determined based on pre-battle intelligence, and you should be able to engage the enemy at multiple ranges. Hopefully, proper weapons and gear have been selected based on the mission’s parameters, because I can tell you from firsthand experience that few things suck more than assaulting a target only to find your weapons don’t do drek.

- Fragging right on there. Early in my career I was talked into leaving my old Panther behind on a run because the “leader” fragged up on the intel regarding on-site security. It would’ve come in handy when the two trolls in heavy sec armor we encountered, who the boss missed, rushed us. Thankfully we improvised and dropped a cargo container on them. But that took time we didn’t have and cost us a shooter.

**>** Cayman

As soon as combat begins, the first task to achieve is **prioritizing targets** . In traditional military operations, this is the elimination of key objectives such as communications. Or it may be the neutralization of the greatest threat. We’ve all heard the phrase “geek the mage first,” but that’s not always the case. The enemy mage may be a less imminent threat than, say, the troll adept about to plant a battle axe into your face, or the dwarf who’s about to fire a rocket launcher up your hoop.

Decisions, decisions …

No matter the objective, you need to determine the best way of conducting operations (duh), which means **finding a target’s weaknesses and exploiting them** . For example, it’s usually bad for most of us to go hand-to-hand with most trolls. So the best way to take them down could be ranged combat, magic, or … run. Or it can be as simple as learning where the enemy is weakest in terms of strategy, tactics, or numbers and go against that. No combatant, no matter how powerful, is completely invulnerable; there’s always an Achilles’ Heel. You just have to find it.

- Or just keep hammering away until they go down.

- Chainmaker

- Viable, but not a tactic you can easily sustain without numbers and time on your side. And it’s been my experience that most runner teams don’t have much of either once the shooting starts.

- Rifleman

When things go sideways, **be ready to adapt** . Teammates will go down, shots will be missed, targets will have the bad form to not die, and enemy reinforcements will arrive with annoying frequency. Or any number of “what the frag” moments will simply happen. Things will go wrong, so be ready for it.

To keep that adaptability and other options open, **be able to maneuver and retain your mobility** . Even with modern tech, it’s more difficult to hit a mobile than a static target. No matter how tough you are, the last situation you want to be in is out in the open, pinned down, or boxed in. It gives your enemy the opportunity to zero in and deploy The Big Hurt.

Being mobile and able to maneuver also helps you **keep the initiative** . The last thing you want is for your enemy to regroup and counterattack. Keep them on their back foot. You should dictate the terms of the battle, not the other way around.

To accomplish this while maneuvering, **use cover and terrain** to mask your movements and protect yourself and your team from enemy return fire. Combat maneuvers (which we’ll get to later) are specifically designed for teams to work together; often using a combination of speed and cover to accomplish this. If you find yourself in a situation where there’s no cover, either find or make some.
