---
id: FS-0535
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: new reputation changes
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## new reputation changes

| **ACTION**<br>Breaking your own code of conduct<br>Flagrantly breaking your own code of conduct<br>Persuading others to act in ways consistent<br>with your own code | **REPUTATION**<br>**CHANGE**<br>–1<br>–2<br>+1 |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |

As a general rule, a character’s actions should only be considered a breach of their code of conduct if they either directly participated in or knowingly turned a blind eye to whatever action resulted in their code being broken. Situations where the character tried and failed to prevent the breach, or just didn’t know it was going to happen (such as by not discovering information that would’ve clued them in during a run), shouldn’t be considered breaches. With that in mind, let’s look at each item in more detail.

**Breaking your own code of conduct:** This should be self-explanatory. Claiming to follow a code while acting in ways that would violate said code makes characters come across as lacking self-control at best and hypocritical at worst. Obviously, which actions are considered violations of a character’s code will differ from character to character.

**Flagrantly breaking your own code of conduct:** Players and gamemasters should work together to decide what counts as a “flagrant” breach. At a minimum, a flagrant breach should have a notably large result compared to other breaches. The degree to which the act conflicts with the character’s principles and how publicly the breach was might also affect whether a breach is considered “flagrant” or not.
