---
id: FS-0321
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Armor Selection
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Armor Selection

Combatants tend to favor the offensive capability of their weapons of choice, but then treat armor as an afterthought. Reasons range from the cost (armor is typically more expensive than most firearms) to the idea that it’s better to get them before they get you. And while that concept has some credibility, the problem is that you’re not always going to get the first strike, let alone neutralize the opposition before they return the favor. No matter what the combat situation is, sometimes your armor determines whether you’re walking away from a fight or being carried out in a body bag.

- Weapons and armor are in a constant state of one-upmanship. As weapons become more lethal and effective, armor technology scrambles to meet the new threat with each new innovation. And then, the cycle repeats just as armor catches up. Currently, we’re at the point where offensive weapons have the upper hand.

- Red Anya

Current armor design trends also incorporate additional secondary benefits and utilities. Basic modifications can protect users from hazards such as extreme weather conditions, fire, and chemical attacks, to name just a few. These utilities also provide a platform to store and access common weapon types.

Make sure your armor is at least adequate for the job. Walking into an active firefight with only armored clothing is a good way to have a really bad time. Likewise, trying to sneak around in full security or mil-spec armor (assuming you can get some) is not going to go well unless you have some serious tricks in reserve.

- Many magicians like to argue that certain spells will mitigate the negative factors of teammates wearing heavier armor in situations requiring stealth. While this is true, there’s just as likely a chance a good security mage or spirit will detect the spell’s effect. In that case, you might as well go hit the alarm yourself.

- Hard Exit

- Before this devolves into a “magic vs. technology” flame war, let me point out that both have their benefits and drawbacks. So just plan accordingly, okay?

- Glitch

- I still think we can all agree that the best way to survive any fight is just to avoid it in the first place.

- Lyran

- Yeah, but that’s also like saying you’ll win the game by not showing up to play.

- Slamm-0!
