---
id: FS-0271
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Ares Gunfighter Scabbard
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Gunfighter Scabbard

The Gunfighter Scabbard has been a staple among Ares Corporate Military Forces (ACMF) for almost two decades. It was originally available only to Firewatch teams and later to the ACMF or select clients, but in the past few months, Ares has made the Gunfighter available on the open market in limited numbers. Designed as a scabbard for larger firearms such as a shotgun or rifle (but also works just as well with larger bladed weapons) that’s typically worn on the back, the Gunfighter is designed to provide the user with additional storage and ease of access while in the field. The Gunfighter accomplishes this through the use of memory materials that are pre-programmed with “weapon molds” to (mostly) enclose and secure a specific weapon. Past models only had the capability to be programmed for a single weapon, but recent Gunfighter models can be programmed with up to three different, specific weapon molds. The scabbard uses a proximity RFID sensor that is attached to the weapon in question, and old-fashioned pressure/leverage to know when to release or secure a weapon. Note that this system must be wirelessly active and able to communicate with the user’s commlink in order to function properly. If this system is compromised or signal is otherwise

- X-Prime

- You can, but it would be overkill and a waste of a mold in my opinion. No, this is best used for the aforementioned larger weapons like combat shotguns, assault rifles, or maybe an EBR. And it’s also worth mentioning that the Gunfighter doesn’t completely encompass the weapon. Barrels, clips, stocks, grips, or any other external accessory are often left exposed, which means they can become snagged or smack up against things if the user isn’t careful.

- Picador

- That goes double for any kind of sniper rifle, no matter how compact it may be. Barrel attachments such as suppressors or larger specialized optics are especially prone to this. And for the love of whatever deity you worship, don’t try to use a Gunfighter to carry a large sniper or anti-materiel rifle. It doesn’t work well, and you look stupid.

- Balladeer

- I like the fact that even though it’s called a Gunfighter, I can carry my larger bladed weapons such as my trusty battle axe.

- **>** 2XL


## Ares Gunfighter Scabbard

| **AVAIL**<br>5(L) | **COST**<br>450¥ |
| ----------------- | ---------------- |

**Note:** RFID sensor attaches to the weapon but does not take up a modification or accessory slot. Weapons stored with this accessory cannot be quick-drawn. Removing weapons from this accessory is considered the same as the Ready Weapon major action. Re-programming a weapon mold requires either a Software + Logic or Engineering (Armorer) + Logic (3, 1 hour) test. **Slot:** None
