---
id: FS-0093
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Crackshot Arms Thrust Grenade
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Crackshot Arms Thrust Grenade

| **STATS**              | **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| ---------------------- | --------- | -------- |
| All stats as grenade\* | 4(L)      | Special† |

commlink weapons comes in. Developed with assistance from renowned blade-master Dante Flynn, the Defense-Com (or D-Com) line has evolved significantly since its debut only three years ago. Horizon recently expanded the line with a new light pistol version to complement the original hold-out pistol, taser, and blade models. They’ve also released a garrote version, but that particular model isn’t publicly advertised. While the first D-Com production run featured inert, non-functioning links, it was discovered that these devices still attracted too much attention. Newer models now hold functioning commlinks, but they are barebones models at best. Don’t rely on them doing much more than turning on and looking just good enough to fool inspectors. As for their main purpose, the holdout pistol is as adequate as a hold-out can be (but now comes with more ammo), while the new light pistol packs a bit more damage and versatility if not ammo capacity. The taser/stun gun is also adequate but a little underpowered; Horizon still hasn’t quite figured out how to incorporate a better battery. The knife is solid, with a ceramic, nano-sharpened blade and a locking device that holds up even after extreme use. The new garrote can be a bit tricky to use at first, but with practice gets the grisly job done.

- I once had to complete a job using nothing but D-Com weapons. Not an ideal situation, but you sometimes have to work with what you’re given. The hold-out pistol works best when you load it with some kind of drug or toxin round; it just doesn’t have the necessary punch otherwise. The light pistol is an improvement, if nothing more than for the extended range. But the recoil is a bit snappy and takes a while to get used to. Frag the taser unless you really need it; use the stun gun feature whenever possible. A knife is a knife, but I found the garrote to be surprisingly effective. I even got a bonus from my contractor by showing them the target as they died via commlink call.

- Balladeer

- That’s sick.

- Pistons

- *shrugs* Not that I have to justify myself to you or anyone else, but if you knew what the target was involved in and why the contract was placed, you might not be so judgmental.

- Balladeer

* Not available in: stun, gas, smoke, or flash-pak

† add 50% to standard grenade price

**Note:** Requires successful Called Shot—Vitals attack with the Close Combat skill. Grenade explodes one Combat Round after it is triggered.
