---
id: FS-0163
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: Ammo - rEVOlution Arms rEVO rounds
page: 46
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ammo

## rEVOlution Arms rEVO rounds

I’m not exactly sure why they found it necessary to develop an updated version of what looks like the old Firepower ammo, but they have. This cased ammo uses a proprietary chemical combination for the propellant and the slugs themselves are nanomanufactured with a unique bonding structure that holds together to punch through armor, but also fragments when hitting soft tissue, even if it hits the tissue instead of armor. Every box comes with a warning saying that the round cannot be taken apart without the propellent being ignited in order to prevent reverse engineering. You can’t pull out the slug to analyze its structure, and you can’t get access to the chemical propellent. This ammo is shrouded in a level of mystery that makes it both highly sought after but also feared by those who are worried about what manufacturing and nanotech were required to make a round like this.

| revo rounds                      | revo rounds |                          |           |          |
| -------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------------ | --------- | -------- |
| **AMMO**                         | **DV**      | **ATTACK**<br>**RATING** | **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| rEVO rounds                      | +1          | +1/–1/–1/–2/–2           | 4(I)      | x2¥      |
| \*\*Note:\*\*rEVO rounds use the |             | wild die.                |           |          |

- The secret is nanites. The slug has them embedded in the design, and a few loose ones are in the propellent case to ignite if the pressure changes. Hitting them with an EMP has had mixed results for being able to get into the rounds. I have several propellent and slug samples available to the right buyer, but they’ll cost big nuyen. Early testing cost me a hand, and the later work caused plenty of equipment damage.

- Armand

- Are we trying to kick off the nanite hysteria again? Ninetynine percent of nanotech is totally harmless, and most of it is beneficial. That remaining fraction is offensive tech. The problem wasn’t the tech itself, it was the abuse and misuse of the tech. And actually, it was the abuse and mistreatment of misunderstood AIs. If we were more humane in our treatment of other sapient beings, we’d avoid the problem in the first place.

- Icarus

- You all must spend your time in the first world. Head out to those places that had cheap nanoconstruction and see what kind of damage was left behind from CFD fallout. Many of these places weren’t in great shape in the first place, and now they’re death traps. Corps are snatching up property in these areas in order to use the natural decay around them as a first line of defense.

**>** Now that everyone has hyped this rEVOlution Arms drek through the roof, we should open some closets and reveal a few skeletons. First of all, every bit of this is coming from tech and design specs from the headcases—Monads—that Evo has taken in in droves. Or more accurately, that worked their way into Evo because it’s easy for freaks to hide amongst their fellow freaks. They are also the executives and top dogs all over rEVOlution and the Evo Arms division they created for this risky endeavor. What makes it risky? The fact that none of the other arms companies wants to lose even a fraction of their markets, and every one of them has better connections with mercs and runners than rEVOlution. That’s a lot of heat that will be coming their way before too long.

Next issue—and I’m going to catch drek on it, but I’m used to that for spilling chiptruth while everyone else is trying to make friends with the monsters of this new world—is the kill switch. Yup, they’ve got a kill code embedded in the base programming for all these weapons that allows Monads to shut the guns down. Don’t believe me, take one on a headcase hunt. You’ll find out it’s not just the ones working for Evo, but all of them, worldwide. They’ve shared the secret code through their Null Sect buddies, and now every Monad and headcase on the planet can shut these guns down and access an info network that helps them stay ahead of their hunters.

- Clockwork

- I can see how some people don’t appreciate the success this represents, but for them to think this division is going to fall from external efforts by other arms manufacturers is pure fantasy. If rEVOlution fails it’s because they’re attacked internally. Right now, reVOlution is making bank and has massive operating funds because they’ve got the revenue stream coming from Monad tech. Problem is, the rest of the company is not happy about that tidbit and they’re looking at rEVOlution and the entire Evo Arms division as a potential flight risk. Get big enough making advanced tech, and everyone else is going to be looking to snatch away the goose that’s laying all those shiny orichalcum eggs. The biggest issues headed for rEVOlution are going to come from internal ops to siphon off funds or cut far enough into their operations to shift the black ledgers red and get the rest of Evo coming in to rescue their flailing division.

- Pyramid Watcher

- Monads and Null Sect teaming up? This is beyond some Plan 9 conspiracy drek. This is outright fiction without support. I’m going to let it stand, because I believe everyone needs to be able to air their insanity somewhere, but I’m not buying any of it until Clockwork can drop some data to back up his bulldrek.

- Glitch

**==> picture [17 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: FIRING SQUAD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Picador
