---
id: FS-0604
source: Firing Squad
chapter: WEAPONS RACK
topic: (Professional Rating 5)
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## (Professional Rating 5)

The Humanis Paramilitary General is the person in charge of an entire local regiment of troops. Depending on the city, that might mean a dozen trusted warriors or several hundred. This character is the military equivalent of a face. They go out and talk to people to gather information and coordinate with highly positioned people in society who support their cause but don’t wish to be openly associated with violent human supremacists. When not planning operations designed to intimidate and demoralize metahumans, they’re usually working on gathering resources, acquiring funds, and solving problems for wealthy racists. Over the course of one day it is not unlikely for them to visit a Mafia don, a black-market weapons dealer, BTL smugglers, human supremacist conspiracy broadcasters, law-enforcement personnel, and senators. During combat, they will observe from a safe distance, often riding along with one of the regiment’s riggers. They will spend most of their Major Actions to Observe in Detail, and Minor Actions to Send Messages via their headware commlink. Their function is to observe, command, and designate attacks to the most dangerous targets. If faced with direct combat, they will try to break away from combat as quickly as possible, striking targets with brutal unarmed attacks or silenced pistol shots.

Onotari Interceptor [Launcher, SS, —/5/9/10/8, 2(ml)], High Explosive Rockets DV 16P, 10P, 4P, Blast 20m\] HE Rockets [DV GZ 16P, Close 10P, Near 4P (up to 20m away from detonation)]
