---
id: GMP-0010
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Astral
page: 5
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Astral** 

Astral space is often described as a muted reflection of the real world. Living entities and magic items glow while not casting light. Dead things, such as walls, books, and technology, appear gray and lack detail. You cannot see through the windows or see your reflection. You cannot read the words on a page. The auras of sentient creatures will crackle and spark with different imagery that a magical person can learn to read with the Astral (Astral Signature) skill. The area itself will be charged with energy which can range from dark and menacing, to bright and hopeful. That feel of energy will be a reflection of the mood of the people that live there and can be tainted by pollution and corruption. 

Astral security is similar to the security zone rating. Higher security areas will warrant anything as simple as watchers or could warrant spirits or astrally projecting mages. Watchers aren’t super bright but can be created to last a longer duration. If the area is more sensitive, you are likely to see mages helping out in the patrol. The patrols will often be a mage and two to three spirits. Some areas will warrant no patrols or astral overwatch. 

Another form of protection that some areas will use mana barriers and wards. Small areas will be protected with mana barriers while larger areas or longer term setups will use wards. These forms of protection are useful in making the Search power for spirits less effective and mages may create nesting layers of wards to protect important items and people. Most retail spaces or areas that see traffic from lots of different mages are less likely to use wards and barriers for protection.
