---
id: GMP-0029
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Glitches and Critical Glitches
page: 10
authority_level: 4
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Glitches and Critical Glitches 

The fickleness of the dice can land the runners in hot water and the players will want to spend their resources to not deal with the ramifications. In Sixth World Edition, two of the Edge Boosts refer to whether you can use them for dealing with glitches. The 4-Edge Boost to reroll failed dice is specifically not allowed. The other is the 2-Edge Boost to add 1 to a single die which can be used to avoid a Glitch. For the purposes of SRM, reroll dice Edge Actions cannot be used to remove a Glitch. However, a player could use the 3-Edge Boost to buy a hit to move a Critical Glitch to a Glitch. A player could also use the 4-Edge Boost to add their Edge to the dice pool to potentially remove the Glitch or Critical Glitch. 

The Glitch Suggestions (6WE, pg. 233) includes suggestions for critical glitches of limbs, hands, and eyes being lost or destroyed. For SRM, due to the limited ability to create storylines for a runner to deal with the loss of body parts, instead inflict statuses (6WE, pg. 51-53). For example on a Ranged (Critical) Glitch, the gun explodes which results in the runner losing the function of their main hand for the duration of the run or until they spend time to deal with the issue. They will take damage that is appropriate to the type of gun or ammo being used and for the remainder of combat will need to rely on their offhand to shoot. In addition, you could inflict the Dazed or Nauseated status. The basics of the Critical Glitch is there is significant impact to the 

_Shadowrun Missions: Game Master Primer_ 


runner that is not fixed with a single action. Damage? Loss of equipment? Status conditions? Yup! Now if the player wants to roleplay that this resulted in the loss of limb, they can still do so and go on to buy the replacement between missions.
