---
id: GMP-0053
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: 'Contacts: Connection, Favor, and Loyalty'
page: 17
authority_level: 4
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Contacts: Connection, Favor, and Loyalty 

For Shadowrun Missions, players can take the contacts that are in Shadowrun Missions at character creation. These contacts are listed in Appendix C of the SRM FAQ. Missions contacts are limited to a maximum Loyalty 4 at character creation. In addition, the SRM contacts’ Connection Rating cannot be improved. Other contacts for character creation are limited to Connection 6 and Loyalty 6. 

Once the runners start their life in the shadows, they begin to work on improving their contacts either through the missions or through downtime activities. Players may want to improve their contact’s Connection and Loyalty. Improving Connection is a major downtime activity that they can take where they will expend time and nuyen to build up their contact’s network, and it also generates favor from the contact. Information for this can be found in the SRM FAQ as **How do I strengthen Connection?** 

Improving a contact’s Loyalty is a downtime activity, which requires having Favor Points with that contact. Favor Points represent that the contact owes you a favor for helping them out. This could be a large favor which is 3 FP or something smaller. Favor Points are earned in two ways. The first is that by completing mission objectives, these are part of the mission rewards. The second is that you can use a minor downtime activity to build up favors with your contact. Once you have enough Favor Points (equal to the next Loyalty rating), you can then spend a major downtime activity and the Favor Points to increase their Loyalty. 

Favor Points have additional uses besides just improving Loyalty. They can be used to reduce the price of gear that you are trying to purchase (see **Can we purchase gear during a Mission?** and **Purchasing Gear** in the SRM FAQ). They can also be used to reduce the cost of hiring a contact during a mission for uses like legwork or helping out with specific activities (see **Can I hire my contacts to come on a shadowrun with me?** in the SRM FAQ) which allows the player to spend Favor Points to reduce the fee by 1,000¥ per FP up to Loyalty/2 (rounded up) or can provide them with free Legwork. Finally, characters can use FP when fencing gear by reducing the effect Heat has on the Loyalty cap.
