---
id: GMP-0049
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Wrapping up the Game - Fencing Gear
page: 16
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Wrapping up the Game** 

## Fencing Gear 

In order to fence the valuables you come across, you need a contact who’s in the right field. Your bartender contact isn’t going to help you unload that cyberdeck prototype you lifted from Mitsuhama. Your contact needs to have the right connections where the Availability of the item is less than their Connection. Are either you or the item is too hot? Will your contact move your gear for you? The runner makes an Influence (Charisma-based or Logic-based) Opposed test capped by your Loyalty - Heat. If the runner is successful, the fence will pay you 10% plus 1% for each hit. If you are not, they won't sell the item for you. 

For a home game, if the item is particularly hot or desired (according to the gamemaster’s discretion) the whole selling process could be more adventurous and offer a bigger payday, but that’s up to the individual running the show. However, for Shadowrun Missions, hot items represent a potential for the loss of Reputation or the chance to gain Heat. Selling gear that the team picks up doesn’t come without risk. The gear can be traced and moving a lot of gear will raise the suspicions of authorities and make it easier for them to track the runners. For every 1,000 nuyen gained through fencing gear, the specific runner selling the gear gains 1 Heat modifier. If the runners glitch the Influence test, the runners gain an additional point of Heat. If the runners critically glitch the test, the runners are caught in a raid by the police and they are caught and issued a Criminal SIN as well as the item being lost. If the runners are selling any bioware, cyberware, or body parts, they suffer a Reputation loss of 1.
