---
id: GMP-0039
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Buying Gear During a Run
page: 13
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Buying Gear During a Run 

Buying gear takes time and pausing in the middle of a mission to try and buy that fragging cool RPK HMG may not be possible. Well how long does it take? Is it easy to find in short order? In order to find out, have an appropriate contact make a Connection + Connection (Availability) test to determine if they are able to get it in the next hour. The team can pay extra to provide contact with some additional buying power. For each 25% increase, the contact gains 1 additional die up to their Connection rating. If the contact is successful the team is able to buy the item for the price + 10% for each point of Heat you have + the additional money spent to help acquire the goods. You can use Favor Points to help reduce that cost by 5% per Favor Point spent. You can only spend up to Loyalty/2 (rounded up) Favor Points in this way. 

For example, if a team with 3 Heat has a Connection 4 gun smuggling contact that they are using to buy the RPG HMG. The contact would make a 4 + 4 (5) test to acquire the item, which is pretty unlikely. So they decide to spend 100% additional to give the contact an extra 4 dice. The contact would then rold 12 dice to attempt to get 5 successes. The gun smuggler tries their luck, and success! But looking at the price right now, the team will have to pay an additional 130% to buy the item. The weapons specialist has 2 Favor Points saved up, but only 1 Loyalty with the gun smuggler, so they use 1 Favor Point to reduce the cost by 5% resulting in them paying 18,000 nuyen for the gun. 

If the item isn’t illegal and doesn’t require a license, the runners can use Walmart-Kong or Hor-ama-zon to purchase items. These can be bought via the Matrix Search (Availability) and delivered to their current location if they are not in a remote location while on a run or in downtime.
