---
id: GMP-0055
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Paperwork
page: 17
authority_level: 4
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Paperwork 

After running a _Shadowrun Missions_ adventure, there are several important pieces of paperwork that need to be filled out. 

The first is to make certain to update the character’s **Character Journal** to each player. As the GM, please make certain to fill this out and sign off on it for each character. In the interests of time, you may have each player fill out the sections, with appropriate values that you give them. Consider the PCs actions in the scenario when providing Reputation and Heat. The Character Journal is both your mission debrief log as well as your character calendar. 

_Shadowrun Missions: Game Master Primer_ 


The character journal contains a list of twelve SRM missions with space to put the results of the mission. The main outputs of the mission are going to be found in the Picking up the Pieces after the last scene of the mission. This will include the guidance for nuyen and karma rewards as well as Reputation and Heat. While this is guidance, there may be things that the team did that were outside what the original author thought of and you may have results that are outside of the guidance. Next there is space for notes and favor points that the character earned during the mission. Finally there is the space for you to give the players your signature like the rockstar you are. 

Finally, once an adventure is completed gamemasters should head over to http://secure.catalystdemos.com/ and submit a report for the mission outcomes. Future adventures will be affected by these results. Without GM feedback, the PCs’ exploits will be unable to affect the campaign.
