---
id: GMP-0009
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Meat Space
page: 4
authority_level: 4
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Meat Space** 

The Sixth World presents a wide range of life from the highest-profile, high-tech corporate chic shopping centers to a rundown warehouse district that is closer to a war zone than part of a city. When setting up the scene, what buildings are nearby? Are there skyrakers or half-collapsed tenement buildings? What types of people are around? Are there gangers and homeless around a 55-gallon drum? Are there hundreds of wageslaves trying to get to their job so they aren’t fired? Is the sky filled with drones ? What types of drones? 

_Shadowrun Missions: Game Master Primer_ 


For example, there are a variety of setups that you could see in terms of drone coverage. If you are in a corporate chic area, you are likely to see security drones patrolling the area as well as news drones, personal drones, and delivery drones. If you are out in the barrens, you will likely see some older model drones that have some basic news coverage run by local bloggers. Maybe a gang will use them to patrol their turf, but overall you will see a lot less drones. The amount of drones is going to be tied to the security zone rating. When looking at where you are at, are they in something that is no security, low security, or high security. For information on security zone ratings, see pg. 238-240, _6WE_ . 

If you are describing a building, what type of security would the building have? Most commercial facilities want customers to come into the store or restaurant during operating hours, so their most common set of security will be standard door locks and a basic sensor suite in the door frames. Overnight, they would likely have pressure pads enabled near the entrances. Maglock setups for retail will likely be around Rating 2 for low range and Rating 4 for higher lifestyle retail. A standard security suite would include MAD scanners, motion sensors, olfactory scanners and security cameras. Corporate facilities would have multiple checkpoints based on the security of different areas as well as higher rating locks. For additional information on the different sensors, see pg. 240-243, _6WE_ . The facility is also likely to have both metahuman guards as well as drone security.
