---
id: GMP-0005
source: Shadowrun Missions Gamemaster Primer
chapter: General
topic: Preparing The Adventure - Adventure Structure
page: 3
authority_level: 4
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Preparing The Adventure** 

## Adventure Structure 

Each mission in the SRM or CMP series represents an adventure that consists of several scenes intended to be completed in approximately four hours. If you are running short on time, you should streamline each scene and be more generous with clues, target numbers, and other requirements to aid in guiding the players through the adventure. Each scene in the adventure outlines the most likely sequence of events, as well as how to handle unexpected twists and turns that inevitably crop up. Each one contains the following subsections, providing gamemasters with the information necessary to run it. 

**Scan This** provides a quick synopsis of the scene’s action, allowing you to get a feel for the encounter at a glance. 

**Tell It to Them Straight** is written to be read aloud to the players, describing what their characters experience upon entering the scene. You should feel free to modify the narrative as much as desired to suit the group and the situation, since the characters may arrive at the scene by different means or under different circumstances than the text assumes. 

**Behind the Scenes** covers the bulk of the scene, describing what’s happening, what the non-player characters are doing, how they will react to the player characters’ actions and so forth. It also covers the setting of the encounter, going over environmental conditions and other properties of the location as well as providing any descriptions of important items. 

**Pushing the Envelope** looks at ways to make the encounter more challenging for experienced or powerful characters and other ways you can add some “extra spice” to the scene. This subsection will offer ways to add challenge to the scene or to extend the scene with additional backstory. At most conventions and Open Play events, you will likely omit this information due to time constraints. It adds to the scene, but does not contain important information. 

_Shadowrun Missions: Game Master Primer_ 


**Debugging** offers solutions to potential problems that may crop up during the encounter. While it’s impossible to foresee everything that a group of player characters might do, this section tries to anticipate common problems and offer suggestions for dealing with them.
