---
id: HnS-0587
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: "Neuron\u2019s VR"
page: 179
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Neuron’s VR

The host associated with this huge data center uses a depiction of the Louvre in Paris. It’s a very patriotic and solemn rendition of the edifice that seems very massive, more than it actually is, so that visitors are humbled in front of it. The French flag and its three colors (blue, white, and red) are a constant theme. All exhibits in the hallway are allegories connected to Marianne (the symbolic representation of the French Republic, not the Matrix system), where she is often portrayed protecting people and unifying metahumanity. Yes, including orks and trolls. Every soldier, and every statue, wears a tricolor cockade, and at any time one can hear “La Marseillaise” in the background. Despite all the pageantry, there is a pervasive feeling of dread; the skies are leaden and feel oppressive. In fact, it’s a sign of the server being slowly corrupted by the Null Sect.

The main function of these Neurons is to analyze and sort the data assembled by Marianne. The system constantly monitors Paris through every possible angle and gathers an incredible amount of data to be studied and cross-referenced. Each of the parts of the Louvre relate to one type of such examination: Richelieu’s wing compiles findings that hint at threats to national security, Denon’s wing collects statistics useful for social safety and healthcare, and Sully’s wing processes information helpful for administrative checks.

When a hacker enters it, they appear between the Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel and the Pyramid.

All the IC look like soldiers of France’s Republican Guard, a part of the Gendarmerie National in charge of safeguarding the Elysée. Here they are



wearing outfits from another century, reminiscent of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic eras.

The portal to the Foundation is the inverted pyramid located beneath the Carrousel. It’s always protected by Black IC in the form of a guard with a deadly cannon next to him. When the hacker gets there, they will notice that the underground part of the Louvre seems to be infested with thick, strange vines that do not really fit with the rest of the environment.

Host Rating: 8 (direct access to the Neuron’s hardware gives a free backdoor).
