---
id: HnS-0205
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: New Echoes
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Echoes

**Aura Link:** You must have Skinlink in order to take this echo. You can wirelessly connect to devices as if using a direct connection, but only within a limited range. The range of your Aura Link is a radius from your physical body equal to your submersion grade in meters.

**Cyberadept:** You have begun to learn that your augmentations can be affected by your connection to the Resonance. Taking this echo unlocks the cyberadept quality path (p. 86).

**Data Structure Encoding:** You must have Skinlink in order to take this echo. You have learned to encode layered folds of Matrix and Resonance information into physical objects in order to create physical data structures. This is useful for hiding a file in a form that only someone with this echo will be able to access, but you have also learned to create data structures that harmonize with and reinforce aspects of the Resonance. In short, this allows you to create and integrate items that benefit technomancers in much the same way magicians make use of foci.

**Dissonant Scream:** Dabbling in the Dissonance, are we? Taking this echo doesn’t make you a Dissonant technomancer, but that distinction might not be clear to anyone who witnesses you using it. You are able to channel and scatter Resonance energy to create a raucous, disruptive wave that interferes with Matrix activity. To activate this echo, use a Major Action and make a Resonance + Submersion Grade test. For every hit, increase Matrix noise within 100 meters of your physical body by one. You are also affected by this noise. No forms of noise reduction have any effect on noise generated by this echo. At the end of every combat round in which this echo is active, suffer fading with a Fade Value equal to the number of consecutive combat rounds it has been active. Your Overwatch Score increases by the number of hits scored on your Resonance + Submersion Grade test at the end of every combat round this echo is active. Deactivating this echo requires a Minor Action, but it deactivates automatically if you fall unconscious. After activating this echo, it may not be activated again until you have recovered from all fading damage. If you are observed using this echo by anyone outside your own team, add +1 to the Heat modifier at the end of the run.

**Hybrid Sprites:** When you compile a sprite, you can allocate net hits toward using this echo (instead of using those net hits to add more services). For each net hit you allocate in this way, you may provide the sprite with a skill or power that is normally only available to a different type of sprite that you know how to compile.

**Living Command Console:** You must have both Machine Mind and Living Network in order to take this echo. Your Living Network can alsofunction as an RCC with an effective device rating equal to your Resonance attribute. You can only run and share autosofts that are running on your living persona.

**Living Host:** You must have Transcendent Network in order to take this echo. By spending some time in deep concentration, gathering and forming what might only be described as Resonance power, you can transform your living persona into an equivalent of a host. This requires an extended Tasking + Resonance test with a threshold equal to your Resonance attribute and an interval of one hour. Once complete, you become a living host within the Matrix. Only a technomancer, sprite, Resonance or Dissonance entity that scores one or more net hits on a Matrix Perception test will realize that you are not a true Matrix host. While this echo is active, you have a host rating equal to your Resonance attribute, and your Matrix attributes are the same as your living persona. The number of devices that can be connected to you increases to your host rating x 10, and you gain all the benefits of your Transcendent Network echo. You are able to generate an effectively unlimited number of virtual spaces, though they all must be connected to each other in some way. Personas can access you just as they would a host, with your permission or by hacking in. You can store an effectively unlimited amount of data, but files uploaded to your living host are only accessible while you have this echo active.

You can change the appearance and architecture of your Living Host at will, even to mimic the appearance of any host you have visited. While this echo is active, you cannot be targeted by Matrix actions, complex forms, or sprite powers, except as a host. This means you are invulnerable to a wide variety of actions that can normally target a persona, such as Data Spike or Resonance Spike. You must maintain a state of deep concentration and remain in one physical place while sustaining this echo. If you suffer more boxes of Stun or Physical damage than your Willpower attribute from a single attack, or if you are physically moved from your location by more than one meter, your concentration is disrupted and your Living Host violently collapses. You take 6 boxes of Physical biofeedback damage and suffer dumpshock. All devices are disconnected, and anyone visiting the host in VR suffers dumpshock. If you wish to shut down your Living Host without suffering dumpshock, you must make an extended Tasking + Resonance test with a threshold equal to your host rating and an interval of a Major Action to do so. A critical glitch on this test causes dumpshock. You are not capable of running IC, but cheer up — you’ve got sprites! Because you are not a true host, you do not actually have a Foundation of your own. No one quite knows what would happen if someone found a door to

the Foundation through a living host. Some believe that it might lead to a Resonance realm, but if anyone has tried to find out, they either failed or aren’t talking about it.

**Machine Mastermind:** You must have the Machine Mind echo before you can take this echo. You gain the benefits of a rating 2 control rig. This echo is only selected once.

**Mega-Sprite:** You gain the ability to upgrade a registered sprite. This requires a special re-registration attempt. If successful, net hits do not provide additional services. Instead, you may use each net hit to either increase one of the sprite’s Matrix attributes or provide the sprite with an additional sprite power that is normally only available to a different type of sprite. You can also upgrade an ally sprite or free sprite, with temporary results. When used on a free sprite or ally sprite, you require knowledge of their source code, and the effects last a number of hours equal to your Resonance attribute. When used on your own registered sprites, it lasts until the next time you attempt to re-register it.

**Matrix Amplifier:** If you spend a Major Action to activate this echo, you become a living conduit of Resonance that amplifies local Matrix connections. Your living persona and every device within 100 meters of your physical body gains a number of points of noise reduction equal to your submersion grade. This is incredibly taxing for you, though. At the end of every combat round, you suffer fading with a Fade Value equal to the number of consecutive combat rounds this echo has been active. Turning it back off again requires a Minor Action, but this happens automatically if you fall unconscious. This echo also alerts GOD. While this echo is active, your Overwatch Score increases by your submersion grade at the end of every combat round. After activating this echo, it may not be activated again until you have recovered from all fading damage.

**New Sprite Type:** You gain the ability to compile and register Assassin, Defender, Modular, and Primal sprites (see **New Sprite Types** , p. 72).

**Resonance Power:** You have learned something from the deep Resonance that allows you to use a single sprite power. You must specify a sprite power when you take this echo, and it can’t be changed. You may take this echo multiple times, and you must choose a different sprite power each time. Use your Resonance attribute in place of sprite level, where applicable. Immediately after using a sprite power, you must resist fading with a fade value equal to the number of hits you scored on the test to use the power. If no test is required to use the power, the Fade Value is 3.

**Software Emulator:** You must have Living Network in order to take this echo. You are capable of running commlink apps, cyberprograms, and autosofts on your living persona. You have



(Resonance/2) program slots. The maximum rating for any program you are capable of running is 6, and you are incapable of running an agent on your Living Network. Before you can emulate a program, you need to acquire a copy of it to absorb. Absorbing a program consumes it, causing its complete deletion. This takes an extended Electronics (Software) test with a threshold of 4 or the program’s rating, whichever is higher (or applicable), and an interval of one hour. If the test fails, you can try again. A glitch adds 2 to the threshold, and a critical glitch causes both failure and deletion of the program. If you succeed, you may spend 1 Karma to absorb the code into yourself. After that, you can run it whenever you like. It can be crashed, but you can always reload it with a Minor Action. These programs can never be permanently deleted from your mind. There is no limit to how many programs you can “learn” in this way.

**Sprite Conduit:** You are able to form deep bonds with sprites, and through these bonds you help register them into a more permanent form. You may permanently register sprites with great expenditures of time and Karma. When you do so, you may create either a free sprite or an ally sprite. The rules for this are in the following chapter, **Points of Sprite** (p. 72). Add your submersion grade in bonus dice to your dice pool on all fading resistance tests from compiling and registering sprites.

**Sprite Link:** Your mind is more closely linked to your sprites, which allows them to more clearly understand your commands. When you spend a task and a Minor Action to command a sprite to assist you in a Teamwork test using one of its skills, you gain a bonus Minor Action. With a Minor Anytime Action and the use of one task, you may transfer fading damage that you would suffer to one of your sprites. You may attempt to resist fading first, then transfer as many boxes of unresisted damage as you choose. Your Sprite Rep goes down by 1 every time you do this.

**Sprite Symbiosis:** You must have the Sprite Conduit echo in order to take this echo. You may merge your ally sprite into your persona in order to boost your own power. See **Points of Sprite** , p. 79, for the full rules on this.

**Syntax Error:** You’ve learned the secrets of countering and unraveling complex forms and sprite powers. When you are aware of a Matrix action that targets any icon that you are also aware of, you may spend a Minor Anytime Action to provide the target with bonus dice on their defense test. The number of bonus dice is equal to your submersion grade. If you are aware of a complex form or sprite power that is being sustained, you may attempt to reduce or cancel it. Make an Electronics + Resonance test with bonus dice equal to your submersion grade vs. Logic + Resonance. Reduce the net hits from the complex form or sprite power by one per net hit if you succeed. If this reduces the net hits to zero or less, the sustained form or power ends immediately. This requires you to take a Major Action, and you suffer fading damage equal to the number of hits scored against you (total hits, not net hits) on the opposed test after each attempt.

**Transcendent Network:** You must have the Living Network echo in order to take this echo. When your living persona functions as the master device in a network, you act as an advanced conduit for data traveling through you, able to parse and process data at a supermetahuman rate. This allows anyone connected to your network to benefit from information sharing similar to the effect of an M-TOC device. In order to benefit from this echo, each person must connect their commlink (or other persona-generating device) to your living network. All connected individuals have access to a special pool of Edge that is equal to your submersion grade. This Edge pool is empty when established, but any connected character can transfer their Edge to it on a one-for-one basis at any time. When a point of Edge is earned by a connected character, it may be transferred to the transcendent network without counting against the maximum Edge that can be earned each round. Edge from the transcendent network may be used on any Edge boost or action that benefits any character that is connected. If you also have an M-TOC system, you can make full use of it along with the benefits of the transcendent network. They do not clash with one another. Another benefit of this echo is that connected characters who use the Send Message action (a Minor Action) among themselves gain a bonus Minor Action immediately afterward. This often gives users the impression that they have a telepathic link.
