---
id: HnS-0516
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Tasks in the Resonance Realms
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tasks in the Resonance Realms

There usually must be a good reason for a technomancer to make the trip to the Resonance Realms. Typically, the goal is to accomplish something that can’t be done in the regular Matrix. Finding data that has been erased from the entire Matrix or erasing data from even the most protected archives are a few of the reasons to travel there. Some tasks are much easier—or more difficult—to accomplish in a specific realm, so a technomancer should always do some research and plan a destination. Gamemasters are also encouraged to make up their own tasks within the Realms to accomplish their unique goals.

Tasks in the Realms are rarely straightforward and are often broken down into a series of obstacles or trials that the technomancer must overcome to achieve their goal. The gamemaster determines the number and scope, but they should be weighted by the magnitude of the goal. Typically, they will relate to both the goal and the Resonance Realm being visited. For example, the task Erase Data could require the technomancer to hunt down and destroy all instances of that data, represented by zombies shambling across a post-apocalyptic landscape.

The Resonance Realms are all unique and awe-inspiring places. Don’t simply have the player roll a series of dice and walk away. You should develop the scene and surroundings for the player just like any other encounter. Once a player has entered a realm, describe the sights and sounds taking place around them, detailing the strange wonder of the Realms, and remember the residents will have their own motivations. Encourage interaction with the creatures living in the Realms to accomplish the tasks and even if a player is cornered by some hostile denizens of a realm, it could still be possible for them to talk themselves out of the situation before they continue their search.
