---
id: HnS-0122
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Arrow Tap
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Arrow Tap

If you can’t get close to a device to install a data tap, why not strap one onto an arrow or crossbow bolt? Well, it’s not that simple. Quite a lot of innovation has gone into making these things work. These marvelous projectiles repurpose a micro-drone into a data tap delivery system and fits it all within an oversized arrowhead. Using these requires considerable accuracy. It takes a Major Action to bring the arrow tap online and designate the device you wish to have it connect to. Then you must score at least 3 net hits on an attack test to hit your target. If successful, the arrowhead pierces the case or sticks into the wall next to it (doing effectively zero damage), then dissolves due to a chemical reaction similar to that used in stealth grapple line technology. The microdrone activates, connects the data tap (no further rolls required), and bricks itself. As long as no one saw or heard you shoot the target, the tap is not any more obvious than a standard one. No Stealth test is allowed to make it harder to spot, though.

These are available as crossbow bolts, arrowheads, shuriken, throwing knives, or dart rounds. If used as a weapon, reduce base damage to 1P.

Arrow taps are one-use items. If you fire one and miss, the projectile will dissolve, and the microdrone will self-destruct.

An arrow tap has a very limited internal battery, and due to the requirements of stealth is not designed to be able to recharge wirelessly. Once activated, an arrow tap will only function for five minutes. A more expensive version with longer battery life is available, which lasts for thirty minutes.
