---
id: HnS-0009
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'WILD & FREE - Posted by: Nybbles and Gramius'
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## WILD & FREE

## Posted by: Nybbles and Gramius

The Matrix is great, isn’t it? It’s vast, thrilling, and comes in every color of your fantasies. It’s fast—faster than you think it is—yet never as fast as you wish it was. It encompasses our world, all of it, and even reaches out to every world you want it to, thrill for, and are willing to give up your whole life to dive into. That’s okay, though—you don’t have to die for it. Necessarily.

Someone else already has. Many, many times over.

We’re all users of the Matrix, or we’re its tools already in use. If you’re a _Trotamundos_ subscriber, it’s all at your mental fingertips. If you’re at a café with a Komandochino simmering, its savory flavors augmented by the boosts allowing you to hypnotically gaze at the espresso-powered wisps of sensation as they rise up while enjoying the FreeFi feed provided at Soybucks, you feel the full range of possibilities. The squatters and homeless on the streets are even part of it, helping present an undesirable image of a world that will fail you if you cannot retain your hold on a part of it. Even when

we believe what we are getting is free, we’re actually paying for it in some way. We either paid for the subscription or we’ve become another nugget in the unlimited goldmine that is the information pool we are drowning in every unthought-of second.

I had an aunt once who told me that nothing is free. I was going to school at the time, and we argued about how my scholarships were going to let me go to MIT&T for “free.” She explained to me, “that’s not free, it’s prepaid by the work I’d put in and skimming from the top, and bottom, of my parents’ paychecks and all the paychecks of my dad’s workers, and their families, and so forth.” Being the all-knowing person I was, I told her she was crazy and asked my dad. He told me the truth. My younger brother laughed, and I think some part of me woke up right then and there. Anyone who spends any time outside the corporate enclaves learns that at a significantly earlier age—if they get to live that long.

I learned that’s part of the truth about the Matrix, too. No part of it is free in any truesense. If we aren’t paying directly as a subscriber, then we’re borrowing someone else’s access or probably just stealing it outright. I’d say it’s messed up, but it’s not. What _is_ messed up are the methods and frameworks of the Matrix, tracing all the way back to its ARPAnet beginnings, through the early AR technologies after the Awakening, burned and risen anew not once but twice, mocking the mythological phoenix in ever new and changing ways.
