---
id: HnS-0525
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Admin
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Admin**

This action allows you to redirect the gaze of GOD temporarily from your persona to another. When this action is performed, if the initiator scores any net hits, their Overwatch Score is transferred to the target persona for (net hits) turns. This action may only be performed while in a host. It must target another persona present in the same host. The host must have a demiGOD. At the end of the final turn, all Overwatch Score returns to its original possessor, and any points gained since the action was successfully performed are added to it. If the target persona is aware of your presence, they may spend a Minor Action to add Data Processing to the opposing roll.

ing their unique tags. This may buy enough time to avoid convergence, as the demiGOD may be otherwise occupied investigating the sudden increase in flagged activity performed by this other user. This is, however, only temporary, as in order to maintain a connection to the host, your connecting device must still send a keep-alive signal to prevent connection closure. Once this signal is sent, the flow of traffic will correct itself, and your Overwatch Score will be yours to deal with once more. The more convincing the spoof of the address you are attempting to emulate is, the more time you will be able to buy in dire situations as you avoid the burning eye of GOD.
