---
id: HnS-0500
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Factory
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Factory

When visiting the Factory, a technomancer will find themselves outside a building that stretches out in all directions. A hazy orange glow permeates the sky. The only known entrance into the factory is via a side access door. The door’s easy to open, and from there you can see across the factory’s floor. Vats of raw data are hoisted overhead, occasionally dripping raw Resonance on anyone underneath. In this area, sprites are assembling other sprites out of Resonance. Traveling further into the building, you will find a variety of robots, creatures, and other devices being assembled. Once completed, they are quickly packaged like they are about to be shipped. The smell of this realm is a mixture of dust from grinding wheels, oil-based coolants, and cutting fluids. Once you are here for a while, you realize that each section of the building specializes in a particular type of sprite or Resonance creature. There are several theories about this realm, ranging from the creation of all sprites and data constructs to where these entities go for repairs after they de-rez.

Other aspects of a typical factory are also seen here. Keep an eye out and you may find one of the floor supervisors walking around inspecting the work being performed. They are usually approachable, and they can provide insights into a variety of technical areas, but the information gained will be work-focused. If you’re looking for the source code of a sprite, a supervisor may be able to point you in the right direction. Typically, it will be in one of the numerous technical manuals located around the factory floor. Most are filled with boring and very technical information, but the source code for sprites can also be found here. Rumor also has it that there is something here that the supervisors report to, but for now it’s unsubstantiated.



There are numerous hazards, sprites, and fast-moving delivery vehicles here. The Factory seems to take health and safety seriously, but accidents still happen. In addition to that, there exist a number and variety of sprites unseen anywhere else. Some are feral or malevolent—you could walk by a newly completed sprite and have it decide to attack you. So watch your step.
