---
id: HnS-0013
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Inside the Box (The Free)
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Inside the Box (The Free)

As you may have figured out by now, everything we are using for the Matrix is almost certainly operating with reference to the inner workings of that first box, the Foundation-based one. If it’s an accepted part of that construct, then there are (relatively) easy-to-find access portals. Of course, some of them are guarded and secured, and a not-surprising number of them are hidden from us. When someone uses a commlink or other Matrix-connected device such as a car, medkit, repair shop, smartlink, etc., they are communicating with what most of us perceive as being the “free” Matrix. It isn’t free of course; it’s just perceived as such because it’s so prevalent in our lives. Even the people who subscribe to something are constantly told “x and y are included in your subscription” and are told those are free bonuses, even though the costs are actually worked into the subscription price.

- This is a psychological ploy that’s been going on for over a century now, probably longer. I doubt it’s going to go away unless we undergo some kind of society-wide catastrophe that forces us all to change. Possibly not even then.

- Snopes

- He was, as were a few others. This wasn’t part of the plan, but most of the megacorporations—and, I’m guessing, a few other heavy-hitter-type folks—realized early on they didn’t want to completely alienate their deniable assets. I remember meeting with ‘Jack and a couple others, and we cobbled together a bunch of things just so we could have a translation and sandbox to work in. Fastjack shared that file with us … wait a second.

- **>** Bull

- So now he goes looking for it.
