---
id: HnS-0038
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: '> Pistons'
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Pistons

The other main job the team expects you to do is defend their devices. Nobody is happy when your street sam’s skillwires get turned off midfight. Well, the other decker is probably happy, but who fraggin’ cares about them? As soon as I can, I talk to the team and set up the controls to defend their gear and ware. And really, if you don’t want people to mess with your stuff, you go wired or turn it off. Just like you can spoof commands to reboot someone’s cybereyes, the same can be done to your team. Make sure that you prioritize your firewall unless ya really don’t care about your team. Defending them is how y’all earn your pay.

This also means that running silent is going to depend on your ability to hide your PAN. And while riggers have figured out ways to hide their RCC, that will never be as good as having a dedicated decker protecting the swarm. Your biggest decision on a run is whether to run with a maxed Firewall or maxed Sleaze.

- Ha! I run loud and pro—<Whippet disconnected>

- Whippet

- Hey, what happened?

- Borderline

- My guess? Whippet was too easy to find or wasn’t protecting their deck.

- /dev/grrl

- /dev/grrl!

- Glitch

- It wasn’t me, I swear.

- /dev/grrl

Another thing that deckers don’t normally think about is how many active personas are currently on a host or PAN. The more personas there are, the easier it is to hide, and the longer it will take for any Patrol IC or spider to come by and check whether you should have access. Too often, newbs think that hitting the host in the middle of the night is going to be easier, but when you are one of five personas logging in, that Patrol IC will be checking on ya frequently.

Finally, let’s get the lowdown on some of the new techniques that are out there that can get you a leg up on the competition. Let’s start with the slickest trend I’ve been seeing out of some of the novahot deckers. They’re pulling moves from some old script-kiddies, who used to create scripts of known exploits. The big thing is that when you are in a rush to get into a host or device but don’t want to set off every alarm on the way in, you don’t always have a range of options. It’s usually either plan ahead or crash the gates. With this script, you have a chance of sneaking in fast and silent. It’s a slim chance, though. Also, some chummers of mine have been getting good at swapping out their programs faster in order to have the right loadout when trying to get into a host, and then quickly swapping to software to help crack files.
