---
id: HnS-0335
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Sense Eater
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sense Eater

Cyberwerewolves aren’t the only type of protosapient attracted to cyberware. Every niche environment breeds creatures with specialties that give them advantages in that domain. The sense eaters’ niche is cybereyes and cyberears. They look like metahumans, but their skin looks like a patchwork quilt of different shades and patterns. One eyewitness claimed he saw a larger one that turned out to be made of many smaller sense eaters. The mosaics shift and display images and videos while playing a cacophony of sound.

The sense eaters feed on the live video and audio files of cyberware. The result is that the victim’s cyberware will be working fine one day, and the next, they have lost all sight or sound. Even replacing the cyberware with new equipment may not get rid of an infestation of sense eaters. Once your PAN is infected, you need to hire specialists who

go in and specifically remove all the protosapients. On the lucky side, this appears to only be related to cyberears and cybereyes; they have not adapted to invade other types of sensory ’ware.

While it may seem like they lack intelligence, this is not true. They feed on places known for their strong visual images or audio. They will often be found near concerts from the biggest names, as well as the debut of many trid productions.

**==> picture [210 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
sense eater<br>A S D F W L I C EDG SPK<br>2 3 4 5 3 2 7 5 3 4<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>11 11/4 A1,I5 11<br>Matrix Skills: Cracking 4 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 4<br>Qualities: Munge, Real World Naïveté<br>Programs: Armor, Fork, Stealth<br>Attacks:<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Data Spike [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 5] Tarpit [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 5]
