---
id: HnS-0526
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The IC Man Cometh
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The IC Man Cometh

While the frontiers of the Matrix are ever expanding, the same can be said for methods to secure it. No corporation wishes to have their data accessed illicitly, but in our line of work, it is often necessary to access systems and data these corporations would rather we stay out of. Intrusion countermeasures are often the first line of defense after a strong Firewall, which would prevent an unauthorized user from operating in such an environment.

We are familiar with most of the IC used by the bulk of corporate interests, but recently there have been some breakthroughs into new territory. Or perhaps some of these are merely catching up. A few of these “new” forms of IC were coming into widespread use toward the end of the first Matrix. Things such as Cerebropathic and Psychotropic IC were the domain of the particularly twisted, and they were one of the facets of our old home that no one was sorry to see go. Unfortunately, the advent of the cyberjack and the increased understanding of technomancers and their relationship with the Matrix have made it easier for these foul constructs to rear their ugly heads again.

Further, these deeper connections have allowed for a few new types of IC to come into being. Types of IC designed to cause long-term damage, or to take data directly off of our decks.

Not to be outdone, programmers have found ways to tweak existing IC to be more dangerous to the average hacker.

- ”Programmers.” I’m sure you had nothing to do with these.

- **>** Bull

- ’Tis true, I had a hand in programming some of these features. ’Twas not my intent to visit umbrage upon thee.

- Dodger

- It’s not me I’m worried about. You’re so damn focused on the scraps they feed you, absorbed in your search for somethingthat doesn’t exist. You don’t care if it hurts anyone else. Look, I miss things from before too. I miss Shadowland. I miss Cap. But that’s not bringing them back.

**>** Bull

- Do not deign to tell me what does and does not exist. Wouldst tough not do all in thy power to find those thou loved once again? Didst thou not do so? ’Twas not my fault thou werest too late. I shan’t make the same mistake.

**>** Dodger

- You dirty little …

- Bull

- Stop it, both of you. Take your jabs somewhere else. This isn’t the place to have it out over your personal business.

- Slamm-0!
