---
id: HnS-0133
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Screamer Tag Bombs
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Screamer Tag Bombs

Screamer tags are the opposite of stealth tags. They don’t run silent, they go loud, usually with obnoxious AR audio and images. These are actually just nefariously modified standard RFID tags with some malicious code that makes them immune to common spam filters. Individually, these serve no purpose beyond harassment, marketing, vandalism, or a very simple distraction. However, some hackers had the big idea to use them in clusters. Despite the lack of a physical explosion, these devices have been dubbed “Screamer Bombs.” Dozens of them at once, all tied to activate from one trigger, can create a stunning effect in the Matrix. A screamer tag bomb’s rating is based on how many tags are tied together. Each point of rating represents about a dozen tags. When they are activated, they have an effect similar to a jammer, increasing the noise level by half the rating (round down) out to a radius of 100 meters. This is also illegal and alerts Matrix security forces that begin shutting the tags down one at a time (represented by the 1D6 minute burnout time). It also makes Matrix Perception tests much more difficult. Within range of an active screamer tag bomb, no Edge may be gained or used on any Matrix Perception tests. Furthermore, the dice pool of any Matrix Perception tests is reduced by the rating of the screamer tag bomb. Unlike jammers, these area-effect devices are not capable of screening their effects from individual users. They affect everyone. Anyone foolish enough to fire off a screamer tag bomb that is still connected to their own PAN gains 2D6 overwatch every combat round.
