---
id: HnS-0581
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: corporations and the Matrix
page: 177
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## corporations and the Matrix

Any corporation uses the Matrix in anything they do. However, they do not all have the same level of trust, and they don’t use it in identical fashions. So whenever the runners are going into a corporate host, that host should reflect the company’s strategy. Here are some examples:

The French Touch is a consortium of A and AA French corporations united by a protection pact at the end of ’70s to help them survive the Megacorporate Audit. Back then, they began to share Matrix infrastructure, always with this defensive objective in mind. This has led them to have a cumbersome host network, where one hides behind another. And because they are a loose coalition of sometimes competing companies, this labyrinth of nodes can be quite chaotic and inconsistent (product of too many compromises). It also seldom has secrets of members (they don’t trust each other that much), but it contains a good amount of intel on megacorporate operations at all levels. Indeed, the French Touch is still very much acting from a defensive posture and gathers a lot of information on potential attacks against their assets from others.

Another example is Aegis—the corporation loves its secrets. So when the new Matrix protocols were released in 2075, they immediately leveraged its file archive features. Which also means that their host fiercely protects the Foundation’s portal with nasty IC and an overwatching spider. And with the increasing issues with the Foundation-based Matrix, Aegis is migrating their data to hardware storage as quickly as possible.

For a megacorporation like MCT, the Matrix is a powerful tool that needs to be dominated and controlled, but it also has potential for growth. Keep in mind that MCT was one of the first to make deals with the Null Sect (in order to get their hands on technomancers). Their host defenses are ruthless, and their deckers patrol the Foundations, using anchors (see p. 144) to fix the paradigm so they can turn into their own turf where they can track down intruders in a deep run.

So when designing the Matrix section of a mission, give a few minutes to think about the relationship between the Matrix, the corporation who made a particular host, and how their culture shapes their Matrix architecture and strategy.
