---
id: HnS-0145
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'ELEGANT ARCHITECTURE - How We Got Here - Posted by: Glitch'
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ELEGANT ARCHITECTURE

## How We Got Here

## Posted by: Glitch

- I know that not everyone here is an expert when it comes to the hardware side of the Matrix. So, I thought it would be a benefit to all of us for Glitch to go over where host architecture is currently at and where it’s heading.

- Slamm-0!

- By “hardware,” should I assume you’re talking about Foundation hosts, too. By definition, they do not have any hardware, so I just want to make that clear.

- Gramius

- Yes, Gramius. I’m including Foundation hosts. I know most of us have come up with ways to work with them, but things are changing rapidly. The old server-based hosts set up after Crash 2.0 could be cracked with a can opener, but these new framework hosts are just as tough as a Foundation host. In fact, unless you start looking for a Foundation that isn’t there, you may not be able to tell the difference. The big boys have started

building small, very high security framework hosts and nesting them inside their existing Foundation assets, then moving their best paydata to them. So don’t be too disappointed when the only info your next deep dive brings up is that what you want isn’t in the archive.

- Slamm-0!

- I think the best way to deal with the new changes in host architecture will be to do some legwork on your target’s setup before you start a run. Check with your Matrix-savvy contacts to see what they may know about how the host is constructed. Find out who else has made runs against it and see if they left any pearls of wisdom in any of the data havens or hacker BBSs. If none of that produces results, then maybe do a recon run to see what you’re dealing with, jack out, make a plan, and go back in knowing what you need to hit.

- Sim-Eon

- Of course, you may also find out that the only way to land the paydata you need is to set up an infiltration job. Hitting the physical location of some well-guarded pile of bricks and jackingstraight in. It’s probably also a good idea to have a few street samurai along to watch your back, if you have to go at things that way and it happens to get loud.

**>** Pistons
