---
id: HnS-0015
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Virtual World Disney
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Virtual World Disney

The Mouse House is mighty and as popular as ever. Having surpassed the one hundredth anniversary of the original Disneyland theme park in California some time ago now, VWD now offers visitors all forms of packages including their full array of theme parks, both real and emerging.

- Hold on a second, I had to look. They really went and used that term? Emerging? What is it, a technomancer-only utopia?

- **>** Stone



- It was a marketing decision on someone’s part. They don’t make those without a reason.

- Slamm-0!

virtual visitors, the effect is absolute. They also erase employee buildings from sight, so that the wageslaves have a place to hide from the hordes.

- Turbo Bunny

With a combined attendance in excess of twenty million individuals a year, the parks offer a full array of activities. Disney maintains both physical and virtual parks, with the physical parks featuring an elaborate AR overlay that enhances the visitor’s experience. While guests in the physical world mingle in the extremely secure park, they can also interact with visitors in the VWD host.

- Between the glasses and trodes, the food looks and tastes better in virtual reality, as the sim input of real food overlays the tourist’s consumption of the soy version. Everything is brighter, cleaner, and happier than the real world as it skirts the edges of BTL legalities.

**>** Kia
