---
id: HnS-0507
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Resonance Rifts
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Resonance Rifts

Before I finish up, I want to talk about a different way to get into the realms. I don’t recommend actually using this method, but sometimes you may not have a choice. Resonance Rifts are notorious for appearing where and when you least want them to, but they can take anyone straight to anywhere in the Resonance Realms. These phenomena cut straight through the Event Horizon and can be thought of as winning the lottery—or getting struck by lightning—by gaining a once-ina-lifetime ticket to a random Resonance Realm. The trouble is, it’s probably a one-way ticket.

A Resonance Rift does not look like anything else the casual Matrix user will have ever seen. They frequently have some sort of terrifying and awe-inspiring visual representation that can be seen by everyone, Emerged and mundane alike. It could be a whirling vortex, a massive tempest of data, or even a huge tear in a host that bleeds 1s and 0s, and they have a tendency to drag in any unwary and unwilling Matrix users nearby. The primary problem with using rifts to travel is finding one—they are extremely unstable, appearingrandomly and collapsing without warning. Discovering one on purpose is incredibly difficult. It’s more likely that one will find you long before you ever find one by searching.

If you want to attempt traveling by rift on purpose, you could try making a deal with a free sprite that has the ability to create one. The Matrix contains many types of sprites, including ones that have become unlinked from the technomancer who first summoned them. These free sprites have chosen to remain behind, roaming the Matrix on their own, developing their own personalities and motivations. Along their journey, they often discover new ways to manipulate the Matrix. Some even develop the ability to open Resonance Rifts at will, and some may even shape where the rift leads. These free sprites do not perform such services for free—they will make deals with those who want to use their abilities. Anyone looking to find passage to a Resonance Realm this way can attempt to locate a free sprite with the ability and make a deal. One of the major obstacles is that it’s often problematic to determine what the sprite wants in return. It could be a custom program needed to rewrite its code, but it’s equally likely to want a scan of a painting made by some obscure Renaissance artist whose work has never been seen on the Matrix.
