---
id: HnS-0330
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Glitch
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Glitch

Glitches are rare on the Matrix—or if they aren’t, they’re fraggin’ hard to spot. The few that have been identified didn’t have a consistent look, and one of them shifted over time. When connected to a device that they are leeching from, they tend to shift their appearance to that of another device that could be on the PAN—only it is subtly wrong, with indistinct edges and logos that don’t quite line up. When they aren’t attached to a device, they are a single stream of rainbow code streaking through the Matrix, looking for a new target.

Most protosapients start munging data rapidly, but glitches slowly suckle the data and processing power from devices. The best way to describe what they do is to imagine your old device. You know when you buy a brand-new commlink, and suddenly everything is so much quicker? It’s like the old device was filled with cruft that made it slower. The glitches are like cruft, consuming resources and eating away at it, accelerating the process of deterioration.

You won’t ever see more than one of these hit a device, if you even see one at all. They are solitary data grazers that like to hide. Just don’t corner one, because they can definitely pack a punch when backed up.

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
glitch<br>A S D F W L I C EDG SPK<br>3 6 5 4 3 1 4 3 4 4<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>9 9/4 A1,I5 10<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 5 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 5 **Qualities:** Corruptor, Malleable Icon, Munge, Real World Naivete **Programs:** Armor, Decryption, Exploit, Rocket Launcher, Stealth **Attacks:**

Rainbow Smash [Cybercombat, DV 4, AR 9, leaves target icon-rainbow striped until rebooted]
