---
id: HnS-0021
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Along the Edges
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Along the Edges

While much of the Matrix is contained, there are wilder sectors. Beyond normal limits, experiences become stranger, more random, and more hallucinatory. There are also unofficial hosts, groups that connect to the Matrix even though they are not supposed to. The older Shadowland BBS once was here, as were, or perhaps still are, members of the Undernet Alliance, NooseNet, and their like.

- It is good to see these survivors are not so easily snuffed out completely.

- Hannibelle

- I’ll be honest—this has helped some people I know in the past. Some sharp-eyed individuals I know started to put this together a few years ago, and it allowed for a few of the more troublesome Emergent types to be tracked down and relocated.

- **>** Clockwork

- Strange story, I was in Toronto during the blackouts. Nearly everything in the core was just black. There was nothing. No juice. Some pals and I were scrounging around, and a guy’s cyberlimbs suddenly reclaimed their mojo. Managed to pin it to a van that was parked in a garage. Few muscle types lounging around, of course. We lit up a ’link, and sure as hell, we had Matrix! Decided to make a move on the van and the fellas in it, but wouldn’t you know, we never did find anything providing power. Stuff was just “on.” Then, it wasn’t. We couldn’t figure it out, no matter what we did. Is this related to what is being said here?

- Aga Kahner

- No, but you’re thinking on a good path.

- Nybbles

It is safe to say that nearly all the shadowy data havens of the world have at one time fallen into these unmappable parts of the Matrix. Numerous neo-anarchist servers can be found here, as well as paths that lead to the massive Hacker House data structure. Short-term neighborhood hosts and host-wannabes can also be found here. Several are quite temporary, established by local neighborhoods, gangs, and even Mr. Johnsons who don’t want to be tracked back to any official corporate connections.

- Intel agencies, such as Aegis Cognito, keep a sharp eye out for these borderland hosts. If one makes a sudden appearance, it is just as likely to be established for the purpose of espionage as it is for a M.O.M. fundraiser. Even GOD cannot patrol all these locations, as they are simply too vast in number. But they can and will monitor the signs for their unregistered and unwanted connections.

- Thorn
