---
id: HnS-0036
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Why Preserve Any of It?
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Why Preserve Any of It?

The parts of the Matrix we have come to call the wild and the free are always in jeopardy. The megacorporations and their puppet nations are constantly working toward reining in, destroying, or converting all of these elements of the Matrix entirety. There are instabilities taking place in the Foundation-based worlds, and others will tell you the problems that arise there, so we know changes are coming. So why should any of what we’ve discussed be preserved? Opening the floor here.

- Not to sound like a broken record, but the wild Matrix serves a role not unlike our own physical world’s biosphere. It is a direct expression of the mingling of the Deep Resonance with the noosphere. Life has taken root here, and if we allow it to be quashed, we’ve failed it as much as we’ve failed the rest of our world.

freedom of expression. This Matrix isn’t perfect, but at least you have the freedom of choice to share and create. The new Matrix is about authoritarian control and conformity—not just at an individual level, but at all levels, even the corporate ones. Everyone is under the watchful eye of GOD whether they want it or not. Continuing down this path would probably lead to the digital dark ages, as free will and knowledge are buried in IC. I mean, we have GOD and demi-GODs, who knows when we’ll start seeing mainframe inquisitions and Matrix witch hunters burning down remnants of the old Matrix in the name of CCMA.

- Sim-Eon

- If there is to remain any real sense of independent thought in our world, we have to work to preserve as much as we can without worshipping it either. If de La Mar or the next incarnation of her is allowed to overwrite or white-out these places, be they in the cracks, among the faults, or roaming the wild, then our ability to remain in the shadows will be lost. Even JackPoint remains a target of them.

- Bull

- Ecotope

  - Some will fight for the wild and the free. Will you?

- No business wants to set up new hosts without SOTA software, and the new Matrix continues to grow as old hosts are decommissioned or succumb to the pressures of the CCMA. There is no guarantee that the old boxes will still be around. The Freebooters are right. There’s a stagnation in creativity and ingenuity when there is no

- Eeroo

- Some have already died for the free. Do not allow those deaths to be in vain.

- SEARCH
