---
id: HnS-0211
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Creating a Data Structure
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Creating a Data Structure

You must have the Data Structure Encoding echo to create data structures. To create a data structure, you must first choose what type and level you want. Next, compile and register a data sprite with a level equal to the level of the data structure you hope to create. Then, with the assistance of the data sprite, you must enter a deep meditative state while in physical contact with the object that will be encoded. This object may be any object you wish, but may be no smaller than a stealth tag (which is really fragging small). Make a Tasking + Resonance Extended test with a threshold of twice the data structure’s level and an interval of one hour. Gain bonus dice on each test equal to the level of your data sprite.

During this time, you are not aware of the physical world or Matrix but are hyper-focused on the encoding process. Only a violent shake or suffering damage will snap you out of the state. If this happens, the data sprite crashes (your Sprite Rep goes down by 1 as a result), the

test fails, and you suffer fading damage equal to the twice the level of the data structure you had been attempting to create. The fading damage is physical if the Fade Value exceeds your Resonance attribute.

This also occurs if you get a critical glitch on any of the tests. Each glitch increases the threshold by 2. If you succeed at the Extended test, you must complete the process by spending a number of Karma equal to the data structure’s level. This process consumes all of the services from your registered data sprite and causes the sprite to crash at the end.

Some technomancers believe that data structures are bound and transformed data sprites, but few agree with this. Whatever the case, sprites don’t like being crashed, and your Sprite Rep goes down by 1 when it happens for any reason. If you choose to integrate it immediately, you may do so at no further Karma cost. If anyone else integrates it (or if you wait to integrate it later), they must pay Karma equal to the data structure’s Karma cost to do so.

These rules assume that you are creating a data structure that provides a bonus. If you are encoding a stored file in an object, there is no Karma cost. It only requires one service from a registered data sprite and a Major and Minor Action while in physical contact with the object, with no test required (the Minor Action is required to command the sprite to assist, and the Major Action represents the actual encoding). Your data sprite is not crashed, and so your Sprite Rep does not suffer. Only someone with the Data Structure Encoding echo will be able to access the file, and even then they must physically touch the encoded object to do so. You may transfer any amount of data, but a separate action and service are required for each file. The file may never be deleted, except when the object is destroyed.
