---
id: HnS-0571
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Meet M. Belaran
page: 174
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Meet M. Belaran

If the runners do not pick the clue leading to Louis Belaran, he will, instead, contact them (especially if the gamemaster wants to help push the investigation ahead). If they have been too discreet for him to be aware of them, their friend gave him their names beforehand (“in case anything happens to me…”).

The meet will be in VR, unless the runners are close enough to Paris for an IRL encounter. If so, they will be greeted by a human male in his mid-thirties, dressed like a fancy corporate magician. Belaran is in fact a specialist in astral work. Anyone who knows him would therefore be confused to see him involved in a Matrix run.

Refreshingly enough for a Mr. Johnson, Belaran is an open book, at least as much as he can

be, saying, “I represent a research company that is looking for a rather intriguing dossier on several potential power sites. This document was put together by NeoNET before its downfall. I find it quite surprising that they spent so much time assembling this list only to never do anything with it. That being said, it’s very on brand for them, n’estce pas?”

Louis Belaran has reason to believe that the defunct host might still hold a copy of this list, and thus he hired the runners’ friend to track it down. The last report Belaran received mentioned a lead about something called the wild Matrix, and he has not heard a word since then.

Mr. Johnson wants to recruit them to carry on with the job “and hopefully rescue your friend.” He offers 10,000 nuyen apiece; he has 14 dice in his Influence pool and can go up to 12,000 per runner. He has a few useful tidbits for the runners. The message from their friend is cryptic to him, but describes (in hacker terms) how to reach the wild host. All that remains is to be brave enough to explore it.

He also knows that other factions might be interested. The intel about the defunct hosts came from an information broker, who certainly sold it to additional parties. He also has a solid piece of advice: “Whatever this host is, I would recommend you face it as a team. Remember, your friend was alone, and here we are now …”

If the runners meet Belaran in person, depending on the agreed location, Clockwork’s runners will try to take out their competition right there or just a few blocks away. If not, they will use their contacts to reach out to the runners, pretending to be a Mr. Johnson with a very urgent and high paying job. If the runners bite, they will walk into an ambush.
