---
id: HnS-0298
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'the denver collective - Members: 8 - Denver Collective - Posted by: Perri'
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## the denver collective

## **Members:** 8

## Denver Collective

## Posted by: Perri

The Denver Collective is a tough and tidy group of people determined to keep the Front Range Free Zone and all its containing elements well informed from the shadows, and keep it outside the vice-like grip of the White Wyrm. The goals of this tight group remain, for the most part, unchanged from years past. Recent events in the Mile-High City caused some shift in their overall focus. The core of the group is its leadership, with Perri serving as the central spokesperson.

- For those of you who have not kept up with the latest events in Denver: There were some shenanigans back in February ’82, while Ghostwalker was distracted, including the Nexus being targeted and attacked. Some weird, secret corporate project, run by MCT, catastrophically failed and led to a manastorm that hurt a lot of people in the city. Even more concerning, this experiment also triggered a massive failure of devices in the Matrix, focused on the Colorado National Bank. I suspect the latter event is still under investigation by the Denver Collective.

- **>** Sim-Eon

Although in the past, they were first and foremost the administrators of a major data haven, now the Denver Collective focuses more on supporting the FRFZ shadows and helping move important and sensitive data to other secure locations, as well as just keeping their own hides intact.

- The DC is not the same thing as the Nexus, or Denver Datahaven, and I want to help Perri clarify this. The Nexus has a larger body than just the DC and has more people than the Collective’s own small and tight-knit family. The full staff of the Nexus is not just the Collective members and includes individuals such as Sparrow and Nix, who serve as fully empowered staff, none of whom are Emergent but all of whom are capable of laying down the skills to keep surviving. The Collective and the Nexus have been put through a drekload of crap over the years, and Perri’s doing her damnedest to keep things working smoothly. This is all a lot tougher after recent events, which included one of their safehouses nearly getting blown up with several important individuals within.

- **>** Bull
