---
id: HnS-0300
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Walking People
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Walking People

There are still some who remember the Walking People from their beginnings as the otaku tribe known as the Routers. There are some watchful individuals who are also aware of the Walking People’s neo-anarchist vibe. In the Allied German States, they are a part of a larger entity known as _Sprawlguerilla_ , a large community made up of neo-anarchists, cyberpunks, Matrix terrorists, and generally unsavory folks as far as the megacorporations are concerned. Highly mobile, as their name implies, their members do not remain in any one place for very long, often relocating from one district to another within or between the larger sprawls throughout the world.

- Here are a few examples of those hacktivists groups to show the diversity of this so-called **Sprawlguerilla** . E-Wall’s main focus is to free or help AIs. The Hackbirds were initially a hacker gang, big on petty theft, but nowadays they have acquired a good rep in Berlin’s shadows under the leadership of the Sphynx. From what I know (which is not that much), Letzte Front is the remnants of UVX, a terrorist organization that was behind the attacks of ’72 that caused the city to be “reunited” (forcefully) by the corporations. This late iteration is as violent as the previous one, but they are the only group that really deserves to be categorized as a terror group. Of course, most corps and newsnets consider any member of the **Sprawlguerilla** to be a terrorist.

**>** Sim-Eon

Given their origins, the Walking People offer sanctuary and help to the Emergent, once originating with technomancers and now including e-fauna, AIs, and sprites. The group keeps people safe and unseen from oppressive forces such as puppet nations, megacorporate flunkies, and the ever-diligent eyes of GOD. The latter has become a more pressing issue with the wider organization,
