---
id: HnS-0502
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Playground
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Playground

A recent discovery is called Playground. When you arrive at this realm, you will always be outside a large red brick building. The sky is always a beautiful blue and cloudless. A simple fence nearby is presumed to be the limit of the realm as it encompasses the entire area. If you walk to the fence the freshly cut grass continues in all directions as far as the eyes can see. No one has been able to get over, under, or through the fence, and debate continues about what, if anything, is out there.

The interesting thing is what lies between the building and the fence. There are equally spaced sandboxes that start near the building and continue until shortly before the fence. The sandboxes have what appear to be small metahuman children building and playing in them. I’ve witnessed two girls building a meter-high scale version of the skyraker in Nashville. Others have reported seeing sandbox versions of buildings, products, and monsters. There are even times when additional kids appear inside a sandbox to tear down a model or fight monstrous creatures. So far, no one has been able to enter a sandbox, as they seem to be surrounded by an invisible and impassable barrier.

The building is a red-brick structure that has rows of windows slightly above ground level. Anyone walking to a window can easily look inside. The rooms all have some sort of large desk at one end with rows of smaller chairs and desks throughout the room. Occasionally a door can also be found—those who have opened these doors say they were assaulted with feelings of dread and fear. Most people stop at this point, but a few say they have gone inside. They generally are reluctant to talk about what they found, but if pressed they will give a description of the door and the entry hall, then break down into a panicked gibberish about the things that wander the halls between the classrooms.

**>** It’s a Resonance Realm designed to isolate the Null Sect from the rest of the Matrix and Resonance.

**>** Plan 9

**>** Do you have any proof of that?

**>** Puck


**>** Do you have any proof that it’s not? **>** Plan 9
