---
id: HnS-0589
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: "Who\u2019s Who - Angeus"
page: 180
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Who’s Who

## Angeus

Angeus is a complex entity who has been manipulating France’s destiny since the release of Marianne’s project in early 2077. The AI itself was born during the madness of the Boston lockdown back in 2076. A French official, Angélique Rouge (see p. 94, _Lockdown_ ), under the pretense of performing training, got trapped in the city. She was there to secretly ask for Celedyr’s support in the upcoming presidential campaign. Indeed, her battle against the abuses of the corporate world in the city of Lille has made her a popular hero, giving her a chance to sway the vote away from Yohann de Kervelec. But then the lockdown happened, and soon after she became infected by CFD and fell into a coma. Angélique was spirited out of Boston to be brought back to France and displayed in her sad state, and Kervelec propped himself up as the one who rescued her, blaming the “enemy of the nation” for her demise. This helped his own failing campaign as the narrative made him “the one vote to continue the fight Angélique started.” Unbeknownst to the dwarf, his actions of returning Angélique’s body to France opened the door for Angeus to escape the flesh prison that created it. And from there, Angeus entered the new super system of the Marianne project when it went live.

Angeus, an entity made of fragments of Angélique’s psyche along with shards of Deus and Cerberus (similar to Cereus, see p. 213, _Lockdown_ ), began leveraging Marianne’s “all-seeing eyes” to discreetly manipulate France’s destiny … until the Null Sect began infesting the Neuron hosts. The AI is now waging a secret war to save Marianne from being entirely taken over by them. On the bright side, this keeps Angeus from continuing scheming to control France’s government,

MARIANNE’Sbut it likewise means that the whole Marianne system, which has become critical to the country’s daily life, could be compromised. Marianne’s administrators are aware of the infestation, though they are powerless to stop it.

Note that Angeus is anything but a nice guy in this adventure. While it thinks it has the best interest of the French people at heart (remnants of Angélique’s personality), it had no qualms butchering prominent members of its nobility (disguising those crimes as a series of strange accidents) for the greater good. In fact, Angeus is behind other, even more questionable endeavors. From Cerberus and Deus, the AI inherited a Machiavellian level of plotting and manipulation. All of this means that the runners may have a hard time deciding if helping Angeus is really the right move here, or if they need to try to block it somehow.
