---
id: HnS-0328
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Daemon
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Daemon

Daemons are one of the truly terrifying nasties to have migrated from deeper in the Resonance Realms. They usually appear as corrupted, shrieking imp heads topped with horns. Their long faces are almost draconic except for the eight eyes staring down at you. While they are missing legs and most of a torso, they have massive arms ending in clawed hands, all covered by a black glossy skin that stretches in an uncanny way as they move. Their massive wings appear as wispy smoke. Daemons can often be found living in wild hosts out in the fringes of the Matrix, but their true home is rumored to be Malice. Be careful visiting there, because you are sure to see a few daemons. Unlike most protosapients that only munge data and programs, daemons survive by munging on the actual Spark of other digital lifeforms. They patiently track and hunt personas, waiting for an opportunity to feed their hunger.

Most of the time, if you see a daemon, it’s because it’s not hungry. It’s when you don’t see them that there’s a chance they may be stalking you. They like to hunt in groups of four or five where they encircle their target, paralyzing the victim with a Tarpit while the others munge on the Spark of their helpless prey.


## daemon

**==> picture [191 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F L I C EDG R SPK<br>6 7 4 3 2 6 3 3 4 (1–12)<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>9 10/4 A1,I5 10<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 3 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 3 **Qualities:** Munge Spark, Real World Naïveté **Complex Forms:** Diffusion (Firewall), Resonance Spike **Programs:** Decryption, Stealth **Attacks:**

Diving Slash [Cybercombat, DV 3, AR 15] Tarpit [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 13]
