---
id: HnS-0474
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Nexus Protocol Development
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Nexus Protocol Development

Another item related to the hitchhikers in the Foundation is the new program out of Denver that’s quickly becoming known as the Nexus Protocol. The program requires a massive amount of processing power, too much for a cyberdeck. It must be run on a brick dedicated to that single program—one for the decker and another for each hitchhiker going along. A technomancer can use it, too, but only for the hitchhikers. The program upgrades the hot-sim feed to an actual UV-type format and takes away some of the dreamlike aspects of the Foundation, making the paradigms indistinguishable from reality. Actions using the Nexus Protocol are more realistic and do not depend on programming knowledge. The program takes real-world skills and translates them into commands the Foundation understands. Whatever your real abilities are, that’s what your Foundation avatar can do. Of course, hackers can still break the rules by subconsciously manipulating the code behind the paradigm.

- Just to let everyone know, this is not a commercial program available at your local hacker shack. And we didn’t write it at the Nexus. It was acquired under some unique circumstances. What I’m saying is that I can’t guarantee how well it will work for you, so … just think of it as being in the test phase.

- **>** Perri
