---
id: HnS-0495
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Entering the Realms
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Entering the Realms

The first step to get into the Realms is to get past the Event Horizon, and to do that you have to be in tune with the Resonance through a technique known as Submersion. Sometimes this can be taught, a secret passed from one technomancer to another, or for some it can be gained from self-reflection and meditation; for me it had to be achieved by challenging the Event Horizon directly, burning out the imperfections in my mind and my living persona.

Regardless of how you learn to overcome the Event Horizon, when you do, it’s like your first kiss. You’re excited, scared, and not sure what you’re supposed to do next. Just like kissing, you either have to keep practicing, find a good partner, or both! Luckily for you all, you have me. So sit back, relax, and let me show you how this is done.



- I feel dirty just being in the same host as this guy, and for those who know me, that should tell you something.

- **>** /dev/grrl

- He’s like that in person too. But when it’s biz, he’s a professional, and like I said, denizens of the Resonance Realms seem to love him.

- Perri

As to the Event Horizon itself, the gateway to the Realms is sometimes called the Great Firewall. It’s a puzzle or challenge that has to be overcome every time you want to pass through it, and it’s always a barrier to passage into the Resonance Realms. Many technomancers have tried to explain what it actually is, and honestly, I don’t know either. It’s a barrier of some kind that surrounds the Matrix, and you can’t get into the Realms without going through it. The appearance changes from one encounter to the next, but no matter what it looks like, it will always test you, searching out anything it—or your own subconscious—deems to be a bug or flaw. It will attempt to remove that before it lets you pass. Challenging it can be a mind-shattering trial by fire, but it can also be a rebirth that gains you new insights into the secrets of the Realms. The Event Horizon has access to all data contained in the deep Foundation and all the memories from your own subconscious, and it will construct the challenges from this material. Whatever keeps you up at night, maybe some misdeed recorded on security footage during an old run or a memory of childhood trauma, anything could be used against you here. If you can’t slay your own demons, then your journey ends at the barrier, but if you can pass the test, you are on the way to the Resonance Realms.
