---
id: HnS-0008
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Moonlighting - by CZ Wright
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- cyberware
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Moonlighting

## by CZ Wright

Icy wind tore in through the open door of the aircraft, whipping Rye’s shaggy black hair about. She felt frozen in place and off-balance.

“In or out? We gotta know,” Foxtrot said over the team’s networked voicechat—without that, she’d have had to shout to be heard over the din of the VTOL.

Behind Foxtrot, two hired pilots lay in rigger cocoons, insensate to the world around their bodies as their minds drove the plane. Black sky lay beyond, stippled with pulsing grey clouds underlit by a million neon signs. Rye couldn’t even see the city anymore—how high up were they?

Ghost, she needed this job. Gram’s medical bills were piling up. But this was a batdrek job, and the briefing had been so short: go into the Matrix but not-the-Matrix? “The Foundation” might seem like a dream, they’d said. It might seem like a nightmare, she’d inferred.

The horizon pitched, and Rye clutched the bar above the door. As the craft righted itself, Rye caught sight of Observatory Park, a patch of natural green at the center of the city surrounded by the wholly unnatural, coruscating consumer wasteland. The green stabbed a memory of home deep in Rye’s heart. At least, the memory of home when Rye was little, back before Evo moved in next door—

“In,” Rye said before she could change her mind. Foxtrot nodded and smacked the back of the seat next to her. Rye slid in and fastened her harness as Foxtrot attached trodes and a biomonitor to her.

“We might show up together and we might not,” Foxtrot said over the network while she checked connections and data streams. “Don’t touch anything until we find you, okay?” Foxtrot said and clicked her harness in place.

“Sure thing, but if I find the Archive node while I’m waiting, I’ll grab it.” Rye bounced her legs while the wind snatched at her breath. “Then we can go get dim sum.”

“Absolutely not,” Springlock—the Matrix guru on the team whom Rye had never met in person—cut in on their network. “Do not touch anything; do not talk to anyone, until we are together. Is that clear?”

“Oof, sorry, that was my bad attempt at a joke.” Springlock was way more of a hardass now than when Rye had met her last month—they’d had a good conversation. “Don’t worry,” Rye said, “I’ll be your right-hand. No touching without you.”

Foxtrot pushed a button on her comm so her voice wouldn’t come through on the network. “I know we haven’t known each other long, but trust me when I say Spring is in charge on this one, okay? We’re here to assist her.” Rye nodded. “Got it.”

A pilot’s voice came through the intercom. “Time to go, folks.”

Over the network, Foxtrot said, “On our way. Hold on to your butt,” then touched a pad on her chrome arm.

Rye didn’t make a habit of using VR, but she was no virgin, either, so a quick jump into the Matrix was nothing. She got the impression of being somewhere in between, of tight quarters and being hurriedly and quietly herded through a nondescript door. It was like being snuck into a


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

show. She kept her head down, followed Foxtrot through, then everything changed.

Electronic screams, a cacophony of static, like two wires crossed in her brain, filled her head, frying her synapses, sending her spinning, hurtling—

Rye gasped. She was in a dense, packed, cramped, smelly space, with the wind knocked out of her like she’d crashed from seventy-five stories up. Though with a stab of vertigo, Rye realized she wasn’t lying down, but on her feet. The vertigo, the synapse-frying, the press and stink—holy Ghost, the stink!—of the crowd all piled on top of itself. With a crackling, electric nausea, pinpricks of light flooded Rye’s vision, and all she could do was hold her head.

“Breathe,” Foxtrot said from somewhere nearby.

Rye vomited instead, but rather than sick, silver coins burst out of her mouth and clinked onto the floorboards. The ill feeling passed quickly, shoved out of the way by horror, and she nearly choked. The crowd caved in toward her, shouting. Filthy hands snatched at the money on the floor from all directions.

“Come on,” Foxtrot said, and she and a human woman Rye presumed was Springlock each took one of Rye’s elbows and hauled her out of the free-for-all. Rye allowed herself to be shuffled to a small nook with log walls and a cupped, rough-assembled wooden floor covered in wood shavings in which no one loitered but themselves.

“Ghost, what _was_ that?” Rye said, a hand at her throat. She noticed she wore a deerskin glove. That was new.

“Don’t think too hard about it,” Foxtrot said. “Just part of the program.”

They all wore costumes out of a Wild West trid: deerskin, fringe, and bandannas on Foxtrot and Rye, a highnecked, old-fashioned dress on Springlock. Her stiff posture suited the dress.

“I have neither the time nor the inclination,” Springlock said abruptly, “to repeat the briefing, but I will remind you that if you don’t go with the flow here, you can alert the system. We want to blend in and avoid causing scenes, _not_ point out how strange things may be. Is that clear?”

“Uh, yeah,” Rye said, flushing.

“And are you able to work now? May we begin?” Springlock said, irritation showing in her voice.

Rye thought the speech and attitude were unnecessary, but this probably wasn’t the right time to ask for an apology. Her gaze darted between Foxtrot and Springlock. “I’m good,” she said.

Foxtrot, who had been studying the crowd’s clamor below them, spoke up. “What can you tell us?”

With another glance at Rye, Springlock cleared her throat. “The Foundation’s inhabitants seem to be human, though I’ve seen a few with modern cyberware. There is an … oceanic quality to the paradigm, though I’m not sure what it entails, aside from the altered appearance of a few inhabitants. I found everything but the Archive. Let me show you.”

Springlock led them around what looked like a giant Wild West saloon. Maybe once the place had been glorious—intricate hammered tin ceilings, gold velvet upholstery, and gleaming wood and brass decor—but not anymore. Dark mold crept in from all sides, staining everything. It looked as though it had been dropped to thebottom of a lake and left there. Smelled like it, too. Besides the murk and the must, there was the drunken architecture. Around each corner you turned, two more could be found. Like the place grew and shrank as needed.

Despite the weirdness of the space, the inhabitants carried on in their—what, programming?—oblivious to any irregularities. A crowd line-danced to music Rye couldn’t hear, so densely packed that if anyone fragged up, they’d all go down as one. A rotund, pallid barkeep poured drinks. At first glance, Rye mistook him for an animated drowned corpse, and now she couldn’t unsee it. At a table next to the dance floor, a prospector swept up a heap of gold rocks—“Scaffolding,” Spring said, pointing at him. A cybernetic donkey drekked ticker tape on the floor nearby. Springlock pointed from the donkey to a hitching post where a lineup of animals that each seemed a slightly different take on “horse” stood in a pile of droppings. She stopped on a large, spiny gold seahorse floating at the end of the post. “Anchor,” she said. “Our ride out once we have the data.”

Rye spotted a plank hanging from the ceiling and approached to read it. What may have once been a white wooden plank, now covered in black mold like paint splatter, declared this place “The Pink Lady” in a nearly illegible, frilly script. Rye spotted a too-large woman in a garish, tiered, pink and white dress standing on the far side of the dancers. The deferential way people surrounded her and the pink costume that made her look like a cake topper pegged her as the place’s namesake.

“The chef—Master Control,” Springlock said over the network.

“What’s that again?” Foxtrot said.

“I can use him to make small changes to the place.” Rye noticed the others had moved on a couple dozen yards to a camp cook site. She headed over to join them.

“I thought you could make small changes already, on account of your techno-magery,” Foxtrot said.

“I can make small changes to us—our avatars, for example, but that’s all.” Rye arrived next to the cold campfire of rotting logs between them and a short, spherical human man in a blindingly white, modern chef’s uniform chopping ribs at a wobbly table. Oblivious to the team, the chef appeared equally oblivious to the piles of molding, rotting, liquefying foodstuffs of every type imaginable. Grey-green sausages hung from the rafters alongside desiccated, fly-covered corpses of unrecognizable small game. Vegetables and breads—or what may have once been—sat in soggy and grey-furred piles. The fetid stench hit Rye between the eyes.

“Oh, Ghost, that’s the most … ugh,” Rye let out a grunt of disgust and clamped her hand over her nose. Springlock turned to her, wide-eyed.

The chef stared at them, his gargantuan meat cleaver held aloft. Rye only noticed him because his steady chopping stopped. Springlock slid quickly between Rye and the chef, blocking his view of her. “Put your hand down,” Springlock growled without moving her mouth; her voice came over the network Rye had forgotten about.

Rye glanced between Springlock and the chef, then dropped her arm and awkwardly clapped her hands together with a loud _thwack_ of leather. The chef stared at her. “That’s the most—” Rye struggled with her words, “—the most top-notch technique you have there, sir.” She made a chopping motion with her hand.

Did the lights just dim? A flicker of movement near the ceiling caught Rye’s eye, but when she looked, it was gone. The chef returned to his task without comment.

Springlock clapped a hand on Rye’s shoulder and pulled her around to face her—holy drek, she was strong. “Out,” Springlock said between clenched teeth.

She led them to a ruined set of bookshelves overlooking the dance floor, where a new batch of unpleasant odors assailed them, not far from where they’d started their tour. The books were sodden, molding lumps on sagging shelves where they weren’t piled on the floor.

Springlock rounded on Rye as soon as they were all up the stairs. “What part of ‘do not talk to anyone’ did you not understand?”

“I—I was trying to improvise,” Rye said. “And that was from earlier, before we—”

“I did not hire you to improvise. I hired you to follow directions.”

Springlock’s eyes were wild, and although she did not raise her voice, it crackled with fire and … something else. Rye spared a glance at Foxtrot, who avoided looking at either of them. It _wasn’t_ just her imagination then. There was something unspoken here. Whatever it was weighed on Springlock and Foxtrot knew it, too. Rye should bring it up, make them either say it or avoid it, drag it into the open.

Springlock stared at Rye a moment. As time passed and Rye said nothing, Springlock recomposed herself with a sigh.

“The data trails,” Springlock continued, “are odors. I traced one from the kitchen to here. From here, I noticed a trail I thought would lead me to the Archive, but it only led me back to the kitchen. I believe we can find the Archive here somewhere. Split up, look around, and point out anything that seems odd. And hurry.”

Eager to distance herself from Springlock, Rye browsed the bookshelves on the far end and poked through the mess on the floor. _How are we supposed to know what’s what when it’s all nonsense? This doesn’t even feel like the drekking Matrix. What if it’s all in Springlock’s head? What if_ we’re _all in Springlock’s head? Is that even possible?_

Rye picked through a pile of papers on the ground, which were more like clumps of wet plaster, and uncovered a small pile of crushed dead insects. Her stomach flopped at the sight, and suddenly she was little again, disgusted to find the shield-like bugs in her lunchbox. Later, they’d fall into her morning soymeal. When she and Gram and everyone else in town had to abandon their homes, they crawled over every surface.

“Springlock, what was that trail you found last time you were here?” she said.

“Rotting cilantro. I found some back in the kitchen. Why?”

Rye rose to her feet. “I think I found the Archive.” Springlock was by her side in a moment, and Rye pointed at the pile. “Stink bugs smell like cilantro. Also kind of like a paper pulp mill.”

Foxtrot came over to join them as Springlock carefully smelled the insects. “You aren’t old enough to know what a paper mill smells like,” Foxtrot said.

“I grew up next to one of the last ones, so I know the stink.” Rye paused, reminiscing in dark waters. “Evo tore it down for their mine. You would have thought it was a good thing—old jobs out, new jobs in, but the mine threw everything out of whack. The land died, and for what?” She stopped abruptly, self-conscious of her rising anger.

Springlock crouched before the pile and removed her long gloves. “Is it really that simple?” she said, tentative. She placed her hands gingerly on top of the insects and lifted. The pile held together as one and hinged open like a trap door. Springlock gently swung the insect-door aside, placed her hands inside the floorboards, and retrieved a white mask.

“What’s that?” Rye said.

Springlock put her gloves back on, then took the mask—white and blank but for two eyeholes—in hand and studied it. A tangle of emotions crossed her face. “It’s whatwe came for. You aren’t the only one who’s got a history with Evo’s crimes. Let’s call this the company’s ‘Mask of Respectability,’” she said and smirked. “We’re gonna toss it out like the trash it is. Come on.”

They hurried downstairs. The dancers were thick on the floor, presumably enjoying their silent music, but the thinner crowd of onlookers gave room to skirt around.

Rye swore the place seemed darker still, but she found no reason the light might be dimming. Was she losing her sight? Was she losing her mind? Maybe they dimmed the lights for dancing?

Before Rye could decide whether to say something, Springlock froze and they bumped into her. “Drek,” she hissed.

The woman in the pink dress looked at them from the far side of the dance floor. A moment later, she was inexplicably in front of them, entirely blocking their path.

“Good afternoon,” she said. “I don’t believe we’ve been introduced.”

Over the network, Springlock spoke as if to herself. “Frag, no. She’s not supposed to be here. She’s supposed to be on vacation.” Rye glanced over and saw with some alarm that Springlock had put the mask on.

“Good afternoon, ma’am,” Foxtrot said aloud smoothly as she gently took Springlock’s place before the Pink Lady, “I’m sure you remember, we made your acquaintance some time ago—”

Rye took a step back next to Springlock while Foxtrot spun her story. “Who is she?” she said over the network.

“My supervisor,” Springlock said.

Rye stared at her. So many questions, but there was no time. “Okay, you didn’t see her earlier, no big. She doesn’t seem to recognize you,” Rye said. “We just need to go with the flow, right?”

Springlock was quiet a long time. “She’s not going to let us go,” she said finally. “I think it’s over.” Rye’s blood ran cold.

“Oh, pish,” the Pink Lady said, cutting Foxtrot off. “None of that interests me.” She picked her skirts up a few centimeters as if climbing a stair, but rather than the little black shoes Rye expected to see below her skirts, a mass of oily, thick, grey and purple stalks of flesh writhed.

Rye suppressed a gag. Foxtrot’s smile froze on her face. The tentacles extended below the floor and out of sight, and Rye couldn’t have said how, but she _knew_ they extended everywhere, a silent network ready to punch through the floor and yank you down into the depths. The Pink Lady was a puppet on a gargantuan, alien hand-tentacle-thing.

Rye wanted to say something to Foxtrot— _Excuse me, our guide in the not-the-Matrix is having a breakdown, but we can’t act like anything’s wrong, so what the frag do we do?_ —but she also didn’t want to throw Foxtrot off her game.

The Pink Lady studied their reactions. She focused on Springlock. “Identify yourself,” she said, and with a crash, purple-grey tentacles lanced into the room, punching through the walls, ceiling, and floor like spears. Rye barely leapt out of the way.

A tentacle pierced Foxtrot’s upper arm and slammed her into the wall. Her shriek must have snapped Springlock out of her paralysis, because she sprinted for the seahorse. Rye followed close behind.

A tentacle burst through the ceiling in front of Rye, and Springlock screamed as it pulled her up. Rye grabbed hold of Springlock’s legs, and Spring flung out a hand toward the seahorse. Her arm stretched impossibly, shot out toward the beast, but the tentacle shook her once, hard, and Rye fell off. The tentacle pulled Springlock up through the ceiling.

Then the Pink Lady pulled Springlock back down

through the ceiling, wrapping several tentacles around her, encasing all of her but her head and holding her before her face. “Who are you?” The Pink Lady growled and ripped the mask off. Springlock’s face was beginning to purple.

Rye sat, forgotten, on the floor. She had no idea what would happen if Springlock couldn’t make it out, but she could only assume they would be stuck here since they had piggy-backed into the Foundation using Springlock’s connection.

And then it hit her.

“Spring!” Rye scrambled to her feet and tore off her gloves. Springlock met her gaze, just visible over the squeezing coils.

“I’m your right hand, remember? Make me your right hand!” Rye ran to the seahorse, held on to the post with her left hand and set her right hand on the seahorse’s spiny neck.

Springlock closed her eyes and Rye watched, heart racing. _Oh, Ghost, she’s dead._

But then Rye’s hand _flickered_ —it changed color, shrank a little, just for a second—and an audible _click_ resonated somewhere in the distance. Roaring grew louder all around them, and the Pink Lady loosened her grip on all of them as she turned, confused, toward the sound.

A tsunami of water broke down the log walls and surged through the saloon, scouring everything in its path. The Lady screamed as the water bowled her over in a rush, and her tentacles whipped fruitlessly as she tumbled under. The wave of bracing salt water slammed into Rye, dislodged her from her feet, and she tumbled into darkness.

Rye started awake. The taste of salt lingered in her mouth. Her hair was plastered to her head— _Was it a dream? Was it real?_ —and she slowly became aware of her surroundings.

She sat in the tacky plastic seat of a van, dripping with sweat. Foxtrot sat on the hood, smoking. Rye eased outside to join her.

Foxtrot started when the door opened with a croak, then relaxed. “You made it,” she said as Rye approached.

“Yeah, I guess I did,” Rye conceded and sat beside her. They were in Observatory Park. Small delivery drones buzzed far overhead.

“What are we doing here?” Rye said after some time.

Eyes fixed on a point in the sky, Foxtrot nodded. Rye followed her gaze and spotted a nondescript drone moving swiftly toward them. It froze in mid-air above the trees, then plummeted as though yanked down by a chain. A couple of meters off the ground, it stopped, and a panel opened with a _shush_ . A body bag fell to the ground with a thud, a speaker on the side of the drone said “We’re fragging even,” and the drone zipped away.

Foxtrot threw the cigarette away and fell to her knees beside the bag with a curse. She ripped the bag open to reveal a small, aged dwarf woman wearing corporate attire. When the woman met Foxtrot’s eye, Foxtrot fell back onto her heels in obvious relief.

Rye approached.

The woman slowly sat up. She took a breath and let out a long, shaky exhale. She wore an Evo employee badge, but the bottom half of it was melted away, right below the words “Top Level Clearance.”

“Springlock?” Rye said.

Springlock let out a tired laugh. “Not anymore. I think I’ve finally retired.”

“Well, whatever you want to call yourself, it’s nice to meet you in person.” Rye extended a hand and carefully helped Springlock to her feet. “Maybe we can all get dim sum, and you can tell me whether I should expect to see some Evo news soon.”
