---
id: HnS-0312
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Creating False Symmetry
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Creating False Symmetry

ent ability to process data is itself an extraordinary act of conceit.

- Just seeing all those empty graves was bad enough.

- **>** Netcat

They were individuals collected from around the world; each megacorporation contributed some part to this project. No one was innocent, not even EVO or Wuxing, who normally avoid these areas. I will say that four corps put more into this than the others, and I will name them. The two at the top of the list should not be a surprise to anyone. The third and fourth contributors give rise to understanding the extent of this work.

This was a necessary part of making this group work and attaining that which was desired by its coordinators. Gramius told me they’d touch upon Symmetry as part of the groups in this upload, so I won’t delve into that any further. But each member of the one hundred needed to be adjusted to some degree. Within the group were people who suffered from what was known as AIPS back in the ’60s, and other names given to the early proto-technomancers. There were children who had been members of otaku tribes, a few who were not showing signs of the fading that once limited the metahuman emergent. Some individuals would no doubt be labeled as “Dissonant technomancers” by today’s standards. Others were believed to have been part of Deus’ programs within the then-Renraku Arcology of Seattle. I learned over time that everyone brought into the false symmetry of the Foundation had something particularly unique or gifted about them.

- If this is correct, it would explain many things. It would also generate more questions about the Foundation itself and how it continues to exist.
