---
id: HnS-0523
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Burning Down Divinity
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Burning Down Divinity

Grid Overwatch is a difficult system for older hackers to accept. We grew up in the halcyon days, where the Corporate Court Matrix Authority was no more than a toothless dog sniffing around the feet of its masters for crumbs. It had no way of tracking, as the protocols on which the Matrix of old was founded were a cobbled-together mess of independent networks haphazardly strung together into what amounted to a worldwide infrastructure.

This new Matrix was built from the ground up as a tightly controlled entity with the Corporate Court’s hand holding the leash. They may not know everything that happens on the Matrix, but they certainly know how to police the parts that are important to them.

But knowing this is the key to dealing with GOD. Utilizing pieces of the Matrix considered redundant or superfluous opens up opportunities to operate in peace.

GOD is not infallible. Its eyes cannot be everywhere, at all times. As such, it is possible to make it see something different than what is there, shrouding you from its withering gaze. What we take for granted as the tally of Overwatch Score is a simplified way of looking at a series of complex log entries, tags, and data headers. These are tied to each unique identifying address present in the Matrix, which is how traffic reaches your persona and does not get mixed up by being scattered to every persona in the room or sent to the wrong destination. This data is then re-ordered into blocks of how it was originally sent and brought up to a usable format.

It is through these entries and tags that activities of an illegal nature are tied to a persona that may not even be detected by an active security spider or Patrol IC searching for possible intruders.

When we use the Matrix in our own special way, we do our best to obfuscate these tags, erasing traces or our passage, but the problem remains— we must still have an address at which we receive traffic. This is where we can change how we are perceived.

It is possible to redirect some of this traffic using a spoofed address of another persona in the same host. This can only be done while within a host patrolled by a demiGOD, as at that point all traffic involved shares some mutual channels. Essentially, one is able to send back responses to the host using the address of another persona us-
