---
id: HnS-0334
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Power Munger
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Power Munger

Have you ever seen a balloon animal? Well, that’s what the power mungers look like—a colVIRTUALlection of wires, cords, panels, and other tech that sparks and crackles. The type of animal varies from the two-legged kind to some with a few more legs than that. And sometimes it’s just geometric shapes.

Power mungers are attracted to devices related to power generation, and no one is sure why. Researchers have even hooked up alternative devices to power generation facilities, and the power mungers still come. They aren’t particularly aggressive, but they will gobble up any data or icons related to the facility, generator, or even from the regenerative braking in your car. They are a huge public nuisance and have been known to take down entire power grids for hours at a time, disrupting backup, maintenance schedules, employee data files, and dozens of other types of data required to keep power generation running smoothly.

Most power companies have divisions of tech resources dedicated to guarding the digital fences to keep the power mungers away. There’s even been one job where someone hired a team to find out if these protosapients are native to a particular Resonance Realm and might be removed permanently.


## power munger

**==> picture [190 x 89] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F L I C EDG SPK<br>7 1 12 12 2 4 10 6 4<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>26 7/4 A1,I5 14<br>Matrix Skills: Cracking 3 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 4<br>Qualities: Munge, Real World Naïveté<br>Programs: Armor, Fork, Rocket Launcher<br>Attacks:<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Blackout [Cybercombat, DV 0, AR 8, Scramble] Zap [Cybercombat, DV 3, AR 9]
