---
id: HnS-0304
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Freebooters
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Freebooters

Publicly, they believe in open source and wireless neutrality, a Matrix that isn’t divided by corporations. They have many MeFeeds and Pito influencers who stage protests, they AR-tag corporate offices with propaganda, and they distribute “the Truth” on corporations and their corrupt projects through pirate channels. There are hundreds, if not thousands, of Freebooters and sympathizers out there, with most of their member streams coming off like crackpots or a face who knows nothing about the Matrix. The group’s goal is getting the Corporate Court to revise the CCMA’s rules and implement the Freebooter ideals, which is usually nothing more than a nuisance to a corporation’s PR department, even when one of the group’s handful of trid-stars grabs the virtual soapbox.

Of course, most of this is just a stage, a smokescreen for the actions of its more serious members. While most Freebooters believe they can realize their goals, a smaller core realize this will never occur, so they have taken it upon themselves to dismantle the corporations and give back to the public, one paydata job at a time. These members will spoof trid stations like the trid pirates of earlier generations and get network media to broadcast their own news. They’ll crack software in order to create freeware, usually avoiding the more lucrative options of extortion or ransomware so they do not risk the direct intervention of the GODs or demi-GODs investigating them. The tenuous “public shield” their general reputation grants them helps them avoid the more decisive actions that a truly threatening terrorist or extremist operative might choose.

- Do not think these people are against doing damage—they just prefer to avoid real heat, and are more than capable of implementing white-hat-related assaults involving tapeworms or data bombs to extract or disrupt the flows of information to their benefit.
