---
id: HnS-0498
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Endless Archive
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Endless Archive

The average Matrix user employs a browser program to search the Matrix. They will scan the first page, maybe the second, and make a decision where to go next. Have you ever wondered what happens to those things further down the browse algorithm?

All data leaves an indelible trail in the Matrix. With each new fragment of generated, transferred, or deleted data, the remnants of older data are buried beneath the newer and will soon be nearly unattainable for most who search for them. These fragments sink deeper and deeper into the background of the Matrix, coming to rest in the storage banks of the Endless Archive.

The first explorers of this realm told of dark halls lined with endless bookshelves that contained all known data from computational devices. Pages and sometimes entire books randomly appear on shelves, the floor, or even fall from above as new data is created or destroyed in the Matrix. The corridors are occasionally occupied by sprites categorizing, organizing, and shelving books like obsessed librarians. Many technomancers have tried to break the cataloging system used by the Endless Archive, but all have failed. At times, sprites will be willing to search for archived data or data long lost and irretrievable in the Matrix. The time it takes to get this data can vary dramatically. Nothing is free in any world, and in exchange, the sprite will want data that has never appeared in the Matrix.

Here’s an example of what form that payment may take. I needed a piece of paydata and attempted to find it in the Archive myself but couldn’t locate it. The time spent there made me aware of one sprite librarian who paid more attention to me than the others. It was easy getting it to understand who I was, what I wanted, and how to get it to me once it was found. The other side of the negotiation was much more unique. My visit ended with the sprite giving me two lists of old flat-vids. After some research, I figured out that all the films on one list were made by the same late-twentieth-century production company. The other list was vids from different production companies, but they all had the same actor. I went back to try and find out what it actually wanted, but it just merged the two lists together and stared at me. It took me two weeks to figure out that the production company from the first list had done a vid with the actor from the second list in 1972. It was about a teacher who starts a volleyball team to boost school spirit. So maybe the librarians are into sports? For whatever reason, that vid had never been released or uploaded in adigital form. After some more searching, I found a physical copy and player on an online auction house. When they arrived, I made a digital copy. I wasn’t sure how to get the file to the Archive, so for kicks I uploaded it to a free vid site. Fifteen seconds later, I received the data I needed.
