---
id: HnS-0327
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Cyberwerewolf
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cyberwerewolf

No one is quite sure where the first cyberwerewolf came from or which piece of cyberware became its first territory. What is known is that cyberwerewolves appear as some meta-idea of a wolf, except that it always has more than four legs and often has four or more tails and heads. Its fur shifts and blends to match its environment, and often all you can see in the dark are the golden eyes from all its heads focusing on you.

Cyberwerewolves are hyper-territorial in their cyberware homes, tracking and consuming data, programs, and icons that find their way into the territory. For cyberware on a PAN, cyberwerewolves are known to visit nearby devices looking for new territory and hunting any persona or files they happen to find. They’re pack hunters, often hunting in groups of six or seven. Their pack lives in a single piece of cyberware but sometimes spread across an entire PAN.

There have been recent reports of an extremely large pack of cyberwerewolves seen around one of Shiawase’s cyberware hosts. Reliable sources have reported over sixty in the pack. If it is true that these hunters have begun to adapt and move to additional territories, employees and deckers have much to be concerned about.

cyberwerewolf

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F W L I C EDG SPK<br>8 7 5 6 4 2 4 3 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>13 9/4 A1,I5 10<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 4 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 4 (Electronic Warfare +2) **Qualities:** Munge, Real World Naïveté **Programs:** Armor, Decryption, Exploit, Stealth **Attacks:**

Slashing Claws [Cybercombat, DV 5, AR 16] Acid Jet [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 15, net hits reduce the Firewall attribute]
