---
id: HnS-0219
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Primal Sprite
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Primal Sprite

Primal sprites are chaotic and mysterious entities compiled by technomancers who have trained their minds to imprint almost none of their own selves onto their compiled sprites in an effort to avoid “corrupting” the wild Matrix with metahuman expectations. Such sprites tend to take bizarre forms that are difficult to look at for long, and they communicate using unusual non-verbal (or non-text) means. Classic modem screams seem to be a popular choice for them. With their reliance on unclear communication techniques, primal sprites can be difficult to command. They’ve been known to seem to completely ignore instructions and go about things in their own strange ways— whether they’re actually trying to follow orders and failing or just being obstinate is impossible to discern. There are reasons other than ideological ones for compiling them, though. Primal sprites

tend to be quite powerful and capable, so drek gets done—when they actually do follow orders.

|     | **A** |     |     | **S** |     |     | **D** |     |     | **F** |     | **INIT**             | **RES** |
| --- | ----- | --- | --- | ----- | --- | --- | ----- | --- | --- | ----- | --- | -------------------- | ------- |
| L   | +     | 3   | L   | +     | 1   | L   | +     | 3   | L   | +     | 1   | (L x 2) + 3<br>+ 4D6 | L + 1   |

- **Skills:** Electronics, Cracking

- **Powers:** Digital Scream, Fractal Dream

**Special Rules:** Whenever a primal sprite makes any test, add a wild die to its dice pool. If the wild die rolls a 1, the sprite will stop following orders and apparently act at random. It will not take direct actions against the technomancer who compiled it, but these things have been known to start bricking friendly devices and crashing allied sprites and personas. They usually just wander off and do something else, though. Getting a distracted primal sprite back on track requires two tasks—one to cancel the current state of affairs and another to give it a new command. If you ever try to give complicated orders to a primal sprite, the sprite must make a comprehension test. Roll its level x 2 with a threshold of 3 (or more, if the gamemaster decides that the orders are incredibly complex) add a wild die. If the wild die rolls a 1, the sprite misinterprets orders and behaves randomly.

Primal sprites are incompatible with the Sprite Affinity quality or any other quality for which Sprite Affinity is a prerequisite. They are an eligible choice for the Sprite Bane quality, however.
