---
id: HnS-0344
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Null Sect Constructs/ Golems
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Null Sect Constructs/ Golems

The Null Sect can create constructs—called golems—that fall somewhere between IC, sprites, and true xenosapients. While they are similar to other forms of digital life, golems lack the Spark of consciousness that allows free will. They are merely automatons created to carry out the instructions of the Null Sect. Teams of constructs communicatewith each other in the native binary language of the Null Sect, but outside of the warnings issued by Nights, they will not communicate in any other languages. All Null Sect constructs act as Patrol IC and run Matrix Perception when not engaged in another action. Some types can mimic the attacks of other forms of IC, while others run more typical Matrix actions. All constructs can fool the Matrix into believing they are a legitimate component and never accumulate an overwatch score.

The Null Sect sends out their golem constructs in groups depending on the parameters of the mission. The typical “general purpose” taskforce sent to accompany an explorer may comprise ten to twenty Nights and Days for perimeter security and general tasks, maybe a few Clears or a Crimson for special tasks, a handful of Greys for security, and a single Overseer. Other types of missions may call for hundreds of Clears sent into a data haven or a hit squad composed entirely of Greys and a few Overseers.
