---
id: HnS-0402
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'Lifestyles: Strings Attached'
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lifestyles: Strings Attached

You’ve had a hard day of crunching data for Papa Evo, or maybe you’ve been working the shadows, tracking a data trail across three different hosts. It’s time to crack open a virtual cold one

and watch seventeen different trid streams simultaneously. That is, if you are spending the type of nuyen to warrant that sort of corner of the Matrix of your own, paying for the power drops, the right subscriptions, and various other expenses. You didn’t think that just because you’re code, the corps weren’t going to figure out a way to milk you out of your hard-earned nuyen, did you? That fancy couch would look great in your virtual living room, but it’s DRMed all the way up, so you either buy that non-fungible couch, or you sit on the virtual floor. Luckily, they offer a rent-to-own option. How nice of them. They offer security, too, because the last thing you want is to come back to your squat and find that a heavyweight has completely munged all your belongings.

You can always live on the streets of the Matrix, without a device to call home and trying to find ways to communicate, because nothing is truly free. Maybe you’ve got a buddy, or know of a place out in the wild Matrix where you can squat, but the place isn’t yours and you never know when they’ll kick you out, let alone cut off the access you really need. Low lifestyle is where you end up most of the time, with an agent box that’s plugged into a coffin motel equivalent of a processing bank with power and a fat data pipe. And when you need your physical representation in a location, you can hire a drone to get you there, but it’s whenever they feel like showing up.

Medium lifestyle starts to look like real living, where you can get good subscriptions and decent drone delivery services. At High lifestyle, you’ve got access to priority services and subscription to volumes of data to keep your large amount of processing power entertained and satisfied in your own corner of a secure host.

Living as an AI or EI will still cost a lifestyle as found on p. 56-57, _SR6_ .
