---
id: HnS-0509
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Event Horizon
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Event Horizon

Traveling to the Resonance Realms this way is only available to technomancers who have

undergone submersion (p. 195, _SR6_ ). A submerged technomancer can travel directly to the Event Horizon by clearing their mind and following the Resonance trails to it. The Event Horizon will always present a challenge that must be overcome to pass through it to the Resonance Realms. The details of the challenge are totally at the discretion of the GM. It can be any type of narrative trial tailored to the theme of the campaign and playstyle of the participants, but it will typically be something to overcome, a (simulated) physical task, a mental puzzle, or perhaps a moral dilemma that replays some scene from the character’s past. Any hitchhikers who may be going along will not be aware of the passage through the Event Horizon or any trial that the technomancer undergoes, and they will not notice any passage of time while it happens.

If a faster approach is desired, the trial can also be a simple Intuition + Logic + Submersion Grade (4) test with failure resulting in ejection from the Matrix, perhaps with dumpshock. If the gamemaster wants to add some depth to the fast method, or make it a little easier, they can allow a Willpower + Resonance test with hits being a dice pool bonus to represent the technomancer mentally preparing for the trial to pass through the Event Horizon.

The Event Horizon can also be located by an unsubmerged technomancer as part of their first submersion test by traveling to the Deep Foundation and searching for it there. A quest like this should be handled narratively in a manner that suits the gamemaster’s campaign style.
