---
id: HnS-0119
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: optional cyberdeck components and Accessories
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## optional cyberdeck components and Accessories

**==> picture [459 x 280] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CASE MODIFICATION CAPACITY AVAIL COST<br>Additional Jacks 1 2(I) 250¥<br>Dart Launcher 1/dart 5(I) 2,000¥ (+500¥ per additional dart)<br>Gonzo Hardening 2 4(I) 2,000¥<br>Hardening 1 2(I) 1,000¥<br>750¥ (+250¥ per additional capacity<br>Shock Shield 4–8 5(I)<br>used)<br>INTERNAL COMPONENT RATING CORE SLOTS AVAIL COST<br>Internal Program Slot — 1 2(I) 2,000¥<br>Dedicated Program Slot — 1/2 3(I) 1,000¥ + program’s cost<br>Response Increase 1–3 Rating x 2 5(I) Rating x 10,000¥<br>Reality Filter — 2 4(I) 10,000¥<br>Turbo-Charger 1–3 Rating 4(I) Rating x 5,000¥<br>ACCESSORIES AVAIL COST<br>External Program Carrier 1 150¥<br>Cyberjack Boosters<br>Data Processing<br> Rating 1 4(I) 5,000¥<br> Rating 2 6(I) 10,000¥<br>Firewall<br> Rating 1 4(I) 5,000¥<br> Rating 2 6(I) 10,000¥<br>Matrix Initiative<br> Rating 1 4(I) 10,000¥<br> Rating 2 6(I) 25,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

GETTINGtation in a specific way, but are bulky objects too large to be implanted. Each cyberjack booster must be plugged into a datajack directly via cable. They’re roughly the size of your average commlink, so most of them are built into commlink cases to disguise their true purpose. That said, most people don’t walk around jacked into the one commlink they own, let alone several at the same time. When jacked in and powered on, a cyberjack booster provides a bonus based on its type. A Data Processing or Firewall cyberjack booster improves that Matrix attribute by its rating. A Matrix Initiative booster adds its rating in additional initiative dice when in VR, up to a maximum of five initiative dice. The Matrix Initiative booster has a problem with heat build-up and shuts itself off after five minutes of use. It takes one hour for the device to cool off after use, during which time it is uncomfortably warm to the touch. If you rotate out any of your Matrix attributes, the bonus from the cyberjack booster still modifies the Data Processing or Firewall attribute. It does not rotate out to boost Attack or Sleaze. Cyberjack boosters only work with the cyberjack augmentation. They are incompatible with cyberhacks.
