---
id: HnS-0267
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Voider of Warranties
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Voider of Warranties

If you spend some extra time with an off-theshelf device, you can make some unorthodox improvements.

- **Cost:** 13 Karma

• **Game Effect:** If you have the relevant toolkit, you can take any factory-manufactured device and improve it with an extended Electronics (Hardware) + Logic or Engineering + Logic test with a threshold equal to its Device Rating (or 4, whichever is higher) and an interval of 1 hour. The device receives a number of “upgrade points” equal to your Logic attribute. Any time you take an action using an upgraded device, you may spend an additional Minor Action to engage the upgrades and add one wild die for every upgrade point you spend. Upgrade points go away after they are spent. If any of those wild dice roll a 1, the device stops working after the action is resolved. If all of the upgrade points are spent, the device stops working in the same way. In both cases, getting the device to work again requires another extended Electronics or Engineering test as above, but with an interval of 1 minute. This restores functionality, along with a number of upgrade points equal to your Logic attribute. This cannot be used on devices that generate a persona, such as a commlink, cyberdeck, or RCC. Augmentations, drones, and vehicles are also ineligible for upgrades. Per gamemaster discretion, any other device (including weapons) can be modified. Just to be clear, using this quality on any device voids the manufacturer’s warranty.

**Note:** You should prepare a few lines of handy technobabble to describe how your weird science boosts the equipment you upgrade with this quality. You don’t have to, but it will be much more fun for everyone if you do.
