---
id: HnS-0339
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Yantra
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Yantra

The icon of a yantra appears as a hovering brain with exactly fifty-five short tentacles that it uses for locomotion. The brains themselves appear either black or white, and researchers have been unable to determine if there are differences in behavior between the two types of yantra.

The natural territory of the yantra are the abandoned corners of the Matrix, but they have been known to visit other locations. They are attracted by older files with data bombs attached, which has made them the bane of both data archivists and Matrix security personnel. Any site using data bombs could attract the attention of these protosapients. They learn to construct their own data bombs after they have munged enough of them, leading researchers to believe that they are skilled copiers but don’t always know what to do with the things they copy. Leaving data bombs on random files has led to a number of unfortunate mishaps.

Yantra tend to travel in small, almost familial groups. They do not seem aggressive toward others and shy away from areas with active usage, coming out during system downtimes.

| yantra                                               |                 |                          |                                            |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| **A**<br>**S**<br>**D**<br>**F**<br>4<br>3<br>5<br>5 | **L**<br>3      | **I**<br>**C**<br>4<br>5 | **EDG**<br>**R**<br>**SPK**<br>6<br>5<br>6 |
| **DR**<br>10                                         | **I/ID**<br>7/4 | **AC**<br>A1,I5          | **CM**<br>13                               |

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 5 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 3 (Software +2) **Qualities:** Munge, Real World Naïveté, Redundancy **Complex Forms:** Data Bomb Eater, Static Bomb **Programs:** Armor, Decryption, Exploit

**Attacks:**

Swordbreaker [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 10, net hits reduce the Attack attribute] Zap [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 11]
