---
id: HnS-0044
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Social Engineering and Phishing
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Social Engineering and Phishing

Crafting a convincing confidence game against your targets requires both excellent social skills and a basic knowledge of hacking systems. Creating the survey, message, or tech communication requires a Con + Logic vs. Logic + Willpower Opposed test for a single target. For hitting a wider population with a survey or message blast, when runners make a Con + Logic test, they can apply net hits toward helping someone who wishes to call into a specific person or work through the phone system to gain credentials. When creating the communication, if the runner doing the crafting doesn’t have a knowledge skill in hacking, a hacker-related area, or an active skill in Cracking, they are unable to spend Edge on their test.

If members of a team head off to collect credentials, they are able to use either Influence or Con to attempt to gain the requisite information from its owners. If the runners who are seducing, intimidating, or conning the mark don’t have a knowledge skill in hacking, a hacker-related area, or an active skill in Cracking, they are unable to spend Edge on their test.

Teams looking for specific biometric markers have options, such as tailing the mark to a bar to collect saliva, voiceprint, fingerprints, or whatever is necessary. They can even go dumpster diving. The required biological markers necessary to genGAMEerate the credentials can be determined by the GM for the particular system they are trying to access.
