---
id: HnS-0514
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Operating in the Realms
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Operating in the Realms

Resonance Realms can look and feel very different from one another; the same realm can have a different appearance on different visits. A realm may have any resolution, ranging from a UV host experience indistinguishable from reality to a pixelated, blocky style. Time is also subjective in a Resonance Realm and never matches time in the physical world. A typical trip into the Realms may last a few hours from the traveler’s perspective, but that three-hour trip into the Realms could have taken ten seconds, five minutes, or three days in the real world. In extreme cases, a technomancer can be caught off guard when they return to a physical body that is nearly dead from dehydration or other physical conditions while their mind was away. This is a prime reason why many technomancers use a Valkyrie module or some other autodoc bed while traveling in the realms.



Unlike a host Foundation or even the Reflecting Pool, the inhabitants of the Resonance Realms will almost always be free-willed entities with their own outlooks and personalities. Most often they will be wild sprites, but protosapients, bound sprites, EIs, xenosapients and other metahuman travelers may also be encountered. Some may be allies—or enemies—but all of these entities have their own unique personalities and motivations.

Outside of the time variance, the visual appearance, and the occupants—as if that wasn’t enough—the rules for operating in the Resonance Realms are mostly the same as those for operating in the Deep Foundation. Visitors, including hitchhikers and anyone pulled in by a rift, will generate an avatar, but it may be a little different from the ones in a Foundation. Resonance Realm avatars typically take on the appearance of the user’s Matrix icon, but not always. Skill tests to accomplish tasks follow the same rules, as does combat. Stun damage only affects the avatar, but all physical damage taken by the avatar fills the Physical track on the runner’s meat body, with healing and dying functioning in the same way in a Foundation.

One last major difference that travelers need to be aware of is that all the Resonance Realms are on the other side of the Event Horizon and leaving is not as simple as jacking out. Dumpshock from inside the Resonance Realms caused by a jack pulled out or the death of a technomancer carrying hitchhikers is far more severe than normal. In addition to the normal damage, it will always include a comatose state for the individual lasting (2D6 – Willpower) days, with a minimum of 1 day. In that time, the traveler’s mind re-assembles itself from being shattered on the far side of the Event Horizon.
