---
id: HnS-0012
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The First Box
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The First Box

In order to achieve the goals set out for the new Matrix, designers needed to have the capacity tocreate an entirely new global grid infrastructure and put it all in place at one time. Impossible, you say? There is no way this could have been accomplished, not without it leaking out. Well, if you are reading this, it’s likely you are operating within what someone I know refers to as the Grand Illusion. The False Symmetry. Because the initial outcome of activating the new Matrix protocols, or the Global Foundation, meant there is no physical infrastructure required. Hengester had learned that technomancers connect to a force existing in parallel with the data held in physical computer systems—maybe Resonance or what some people are now calling Nous. It didn’t come from a device; it was a force that technomancers could manipulate, using it to read and alter data in the real-world networks that made up the Matrix with nothing more than their minds. They had a key but they needed the box—de la Mar provided that with her ideas for a new Matrix. Hengester gave her their research and thoughts on implementation. Once de la Mar had a vision and the means to make it happen, it didn’t take long to create prototype deviceless hosts and a hand-wavey explanation of how they worked. GOD and the Corporate Court bought it, giving their blessing and nearly unlimited resources. Once that happened, it was only a matter of time before the new deviceless grid was up and running in parallel to the old system. After that, all that was needed was the flip of a switch.

- Hey, I seem to recall that Fastjack was given some kind of introductory access back in the day to test this by some individuals in the CCMA or GOD or something.

- Pistons

that-be. Within that box—and in every new box—is a new host. There was never a reduction in the apparent processing power of the global Foundation. True to the intent, the new system allowed hosts to create, connect, expand, secure, become hidden, become nested, and any other function. Sure, there were clues as to what was happening, but no one really understood them and just kept accepting things as “that’s what they do” or “that’s how they work.”
