---
id: HnS-0568
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Nasty Habits
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nasty Habits

If the runners decide to travel to Hong Kong to investigate, they can quickly get to the bottom of

this. After a few talks with the local hackers, they are directed to a virtual brothel called Nasty Habits (see **Hotspots** ). Here, they learn that their friend had a long conversation with a wannabe decker, a kid named Blip. He worked at the brothel to get enough money to buy a cyberdeck. Sadly, no one has seen the boy for a few days. Locating his squat, a makeshift houseboat in Heoi, is fairly easy, but all there is to find is a half-eaten (by ghouls) corpse of a fifteen-year-old Chinese boy with a bullet hole in the head.

Looking into Blip will reveal that he claimed to have discovered some strange, abandoned host, “Somewhere in the wild ’trix, dude!” He boasted that it used to belong to an AAA and there was some paydata in it that would make him rich. Canvassing the neighborhood of his hideout, they can get the description of a group of runners (foreigners) spotted around Blip’s place at the time of his death. Their contacts can then help identify the team and tell them they are rumored to be working on “something big, a job for a prime runners.”

All of this investigation can also be achieved remotely. Local deckers can be contacted online, and Nasty Habits is a virtual brothel. Once they have Blip’s safehouse location, their hacker can hijack one of the many drones in Hong Kong’s skies to scrutinize the surroundings or they can enlist a local PI or some runners to go check out the spot. Police reports or some of the few nearby video feeds can also yield information about the other team of shadowrunners.
