---
id: HnS-0592
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: "Legwork on the \u201CHell Village\u201D"
page: 180
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Legwork on the “Hell Village”

Doing some legwork about Berlin and the target location is challenging. Since ’72, the city has indeed been (sort of) reunified following a power move from Saeder-Krupp, and it’s now part of the German Allied State. However, it’s an intricate coalition of districts, some belonging to corporate authority (sometimes entirely, like Tempelhof, the HQ of Saeder-Krupp, or Prenslauer Berg, nowadays called little Chiba and thoroughly belonging to Renraku), and some are dubbed as alternative districts. Which means they are vaguely self-organized, living more or less in harmony with other neighborhoods. The one targeted for the job is described as the “Hell Village.” The local take on neo-anarchism here is survival of the strongest and rule by fear. Until his death, the Vory kingpin Pjotr Gargari kept most gangs under control with a savvy mix of terror and diplomacy. Since then, it’s been a war zone. The Vory are devoted to the new leader, an elf woman called the Drackova, who battles with the remaining Gargari loyalists, while the other gangs settle over fifteen years of brewing conflicts.

To make matters worse, the target location is inside the remnants of the industrial park of Herzbergstraße, where both illegal drugs and knockoff weapons are being made. This means that the underlying water table is quite polluted with iron and additional toxic chemicals (making it an excellent nest for toxic shamans). Until recently, the Vory had complete control over all of those operations, but now they’ve been carved up between several local actors. The site Mr. Johnson wants the team to infiltrate is a former, large metal construction workshop along the Rhinstraße.

If the runners really invest time and resources into legwork, they can learn another piece of information their client has purposely kept quiet. In a gambit to restore some kind of order to Marzhan, the council of Berlin has agreed to turn one of the numerous gangs into an alternative police service. It’s a common practice in alternative districts, where regular security corporations like the Sternschultz or Neo-PD generally fail to perform. The city simply puts a local militia or gang in charge of police duty. For instance, in the Emirat, a part of the district of Kreuzhain under Sharia law, an Islamist gang named the Jyhad-B has much power. And here comes the twist.

In Marzahn, it’s Manfred Stahl’s _Neue Faschistische Alternative (NFA)_ organization that has been nominated to such power. And yes, those people are exactly what one would expect them to be: modern-day Nazis. And guess which part of the Herzbergstraße they recently took over? So, once in Berlin, the runners will have to face a bunch of trigger-happy crazy Nazis, lording over a drug



workshop, mass-producing a cheap alternative to novacoke while also serving as the legal local police force. Isn’t that swell?
