---
id: HnS-0582
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Multi-pass!
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Multi-pass!

Using the information provided on the Neuron (see **Hotspots** ), let the runners come up with a plan to sneak into the location. The physical security should deter any kind of frontal assault, but they can use discretion or deception to get in.

One option is to pretend to be a group of workers from Dassault Réseau & Télécom arriving to work on the construction. This cover, however, will have a limited time window—there are only a few hours before another laborer team appears or someone realizes their credentials are forged.

Getting into the data center should be a tense part of the scenario for the players, but in the end it will be rather uneventful. As long as their plan is sound and executed properly, the runners will get to the data center unharmed and without triggering any alarm (even if they don’t know that’s the case). Once inside the data center, the runners will not encounter anything more dangerous than automated cleaning drones and those will ignore them.

Once inside, their decker can open a backdoor into the server in order to deploy the program from the physical device the group plugs in (note: the Neuron is inside a Faraday cage; see **Hotspots** ). This is a nice chance for the hacker of the group to have their moment, so feel free to add some extra steps, like locating a specific part of the host, defeating or dodging IC, before finally being able to use the program where it is required. Two important details: As the hacker explores the host, they should notice that some IC have a weird glitch in their icons and that some strange vines are oddly part of the VR environment. The closer they get to where they need to be, the more those are present.

To keep the other runners on their toes, have the cleaning drones drop by their location to dust the floor or maintenance drones removing some defective hardware nearby (and then come back to deploy the replacement). If you want to put more pressure on the team, have unscheduled sensor sweeps being performed by creepy-looking drone swarms or even an HTR team.

Just bear in mind that the adventure does not stop there, and the runners need to be able to join their hacker in the Foundation for the next part.
