---
id: HnS-0567
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: "Dante\u2019s Inferno"
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dante’s Inferno

At Dante’s Inferno, frequent shadow-friendly visitors have no intel for the runners, but the staff and a few regular clubbers remember their mate trying, awkwardly, to speak to a known party girl. A twenty-three-year-old elf with orange fiber-optic hair, purple leather pants, and yellow tank top, **Sirena** is all about the dancing until the end of the night, so she’ll be in the club almost every evening. She can afford to because her former boss in NeoNET gave her a huge compensation package when she was laid off after the AAA’s dissolution. Of course, the salacious video she took of her boss engaging her in various compromising positions in the conference room certainly helped. She is now burning through the money, which will run out in a few months.

If the runners keep up with her hectic pace long enough, she’ll tell (or rather scream into their ears on the dance floor) what she recalls: “... like, totally approached me as I was dancing. I was up for it, but then all discussion was about NeoNET, which really wasn’t doing it for me. At least I got some drinks and entertainment out of it. Not a total bust. What was that about?”

“Anyway, he was asking about some defunct host, something about attached devices and files left behind. I just said that I was told the host was wiped before being abandoned. I thought that would have been a disappointment, but your buddy was rather excited about it!”
