---
id: HnS-0343
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Null Sect Forgemaster
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Null Sect Forgemaster

Rarely encountered out of the Deep Foundation, the forgemasters are the entities that compile the Null Sect constructs. Although the methods used to create the golems remain a mystery, the forgemasters have gained an excellent understanding of metahuman-designed computer systems. They are expert programmers and hackers on par with the most skilled technomancers.

Forgemasters are believed to use a software forge, as the name implies, to create a variety of different Null Sect technological constructs. Based on a single reliable report, the forge is a large and unfathomably complex device that produces golems or other new constructs with astonishing speed. The reporting witness was not able to piece together how the forge worked or the exact process the forgemaster used, but the process required its full attention—perhaps the reason our lucky witness was able to escape with their story. The same witness also discovered that the forgemaster complex was a vast virtual structure guarded by hundreds of the strongest Null Sect constructs, and occupied by dozens of other Nulls with unknown statuses. Perhaps some were guards, servants, mates, apprentices, or offspring, or some combination of all of these.


## null sect forgemaster

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F W L I C EDG R SPK<br>8 7 8 9 6 7 (10) 6 5 6 8 5.3<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>19 14/4 A1,I5 15<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Active Skills:** Cracking 7 (Hacking +2, Cybercombat +3), Electronics 7 (Computer +2, Software +3), Influence 5 **Qualities:** Fnord, Noiseless, Real World Naïveté, Redundancy **Forms:** Diffusion (Attack), Diffusion (Firewall), Infusion (Data Processing), Infusion (Firewall), Resonance Spike **Submersion Level:** 2 **Echoes:** Overclocking, Syntax Error **Nullmods:** Attribute Augmentation 3 (Logic), Disguise 2 (2 net hits ona Matrix Perception test to see its native icon) **Programs:** Armor, Decryption, Rocket Launcher, Toolbox **Attacks:**

Data Spike [Cybercombat, DV 6, AR 15]
