---
id: HnS-0022
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: SCREAM DREAM PRODUCTIONS
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SCREAM DREAM PRODUCTIONS

Scream Dream was a Los Angeles host for low-budget horror trids from way back in the ’50s, with lots of “monster” bots, music synthesizers, and editor agents to help directors put together the next indie horror trid. Between Horizon buying up small studio businesses and the Twins (see Earthquakes), it is amazing that a physical host this old has survived. Scream Dream Productions, which is physically located on one of the many islands in Los Angeles, got a grant for off-the-grid power development and is a good example of a wild Matrix legacy host—it’s so old, it’s outside of GOD’s notice and is sustained by many patrons renting their system to create more low-budget films or enhancing their Pito posts.

While we of the shadows can choose to travel inside or outside the box, not everyone gets that choice. The SINless and destitute try to find any vestiges of happiness that the Matrix could provide as they scrounge around the wall that surrounds the box. They’re just more victims of the new Matrix. Out here, the darker side of people and agents can tinker with BTLs (better than life chips), malware, and persona software, adjusting levels of addiction or lethality at their leisure.



- This is an overly grim picture. The outskirts are where you can see the beauty and potential of this Matrix. There are organizations out here doing research on digisapients and proto-AIs, and others using the open source for creative art and sculpture. There’s even a peddler of the written word who sells dime romance and science fiction novels once thought lost.

- SeaTac Sweetie
