---
id: HnS-0311
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'The Deceased - Posted by: Denizen'
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Deceased

## Posted by: Denizen

- I’m allowing this entry because it has more information about “the 100” than anything else we’ve had to date. I’ve asked Netcat to check veracity, and she came back more shaken than normal. Exactly how Gramius and Nybbles met “Denizen” I am uncertain, simply because this is a Deep Resonance thing and not something I can personally attest to. Denizen is also a technomancer, but they’ve managed to stay off everyone’s radar until recently.

- Glitch

I’ll start with a brief introduction. I’m a technomancer, originally born in Aztlan. I was an otaku in Denver until a bug hive took out most of my tribe. I then made my way to the Atlanta sprawl, then Fort Myers, Florida, where I leaped into the Deep Resonance while my body was under watch by a friend of mine. I resurfaced back in ’74 to find myself beyond adolescence and armed with a great deal of experiences. I know about the origins of the ill-fated one hundred, as well as how they were used. I nearly joined them while I was submerged; it’s only because my friend was always on the move that I escaped their involuntary endeavor. Well, most of them were involuntary, anyway. Other members of my tribe at the time were not so lucky.

It was through my older connection to my tribal family that I was able to discover, follow, and report the information I now present. When viewed from the outside, the theory of the one hundred at its rawest form makes sense. After all, if you can link greater and greater amounts of compatible hardware, you can get greater and greater capabilities. The largest problem was that the people who did it really had no idea what they were doing. Or if they did, then they were getting help that perhaps no one really should’ve had. Just plugging any group of technomancers together and expecting them to all work as one and share their inherNEOBYTES AND STARTUPS // UNION FOREVER


Mitsuhama Computer Technologies is at the top of the list. We all heard about the atrocities in sprawls like Hong Kong and Tokyo, and the “medical abductions” elsewhere, but I believe we never understood their full extent. of the issues happening in sprawls such as Hong Kong and Tokyo and “medical abductions,” but I believe we never understood the full extent. Their efforts placed them at the top of the heap and helped them remain there this long.

The second is Horizon. The Las Vegas debacle some years ago was just the tip of the megacorporate iceberg. The third-place contributor was a Matrix powerhouse before it broke apart; NeoNET devoted considerable resources to the project, including nearly a dozen technomancers. The fourth contributor was close behind: Saeder-Krupp.

These top four contributed more than half of the individuals who were placed into the amalgamation. Most groups we learn of always have some degree of personal self-determination left to their members. A façade of free will, at the least. Here, that façade was removed, reworked. It was made into part of the false symmetry that was generated by the program de la Mar spearheaded. It was necessary, in fact.
