---
id: HnS-0504
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Cruft
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cruft

This is one of the deeper Resonance Realms, and the entrance can be difficult to pass through even if you know where to go. There is no door, but you have to force yourself through a clinging, sticky, matted mass of fibers. I can best describe it as feeling like an insect trying to escape a spider’s web. Once you make it through that mess, you find yourself waist-deep in a material that looks like rough, thick cotton. Upon closer inspection, it is more like a non-Newtonian fluid that is continually reacting to sound waves. Each step you take in the realm involves wading through deep masses of this material. If you stop moving, the whole realm seems to want to pull you down into its warm embrace, up to about your armpits. Applying pressure to any of the strands will cause you to see all kinds of memes, viral images, and videos. Music can be heard off in the distance and tends to be earworms that will get stuck in your head. This realm is lone-

- I don’t like the place. On one of my few trips, I saw a girl do this motion like she was climbing stairs. She eventually got both feet on the top and was able to run around. I didn’t see where she went or what happened when she stopped moving.

**>** Respec

- More than a few technomancers working for Horizon consider this to be their private hunting grounds. They have been making many branches of the megacorp quite happy by finding out upcoming trends and memes thanks to this. And they intend to keep this edge—and the Dawkins Group will gladly help.

- Sim-Eon
