---
id: HnS-0595
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Who are the runners working for?
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Who are the runners working for?

The runners’ employer is Aegis Cognito. The man who hired them is actually one of their agents.



The organization is one of the few entities that had knowledge of Fuchi’s old lab in Berlin, but they didn’t know its exact location until now. To them, whatever is left of the previous research is a data trove. Even if the viruses themselves are most likely useless, a lot of highly classified material and data from Fuchi may still be there and would help their agency resolve mysteries from the past that will certainly lead to some actionable intel. Sadly, they are unaware their prize is long gone, deleted by APEX.

Why did Aegis hire the runners rather than a local team? Because it would have been difficult to find one willing to visit Hell Village. Aegis knows that Berlin is an intricate network of alliances, and the organization has legitimate concerns that someone would tip off the NFA or potential competition about the job.

mine how they want to depart the district of Marzahn and then have Blitz’s men make their move.

Note that they are good runners and even rather decent (meta)human beings who seldom do wetwork and generally prefer to avoid harming people. In a sense, outside of this job, these opponents could become friends with the runners.

They are unaware that they are working for APEX, but they are quite loyal to Blitz, who has been providing jobs and shelter for a while now. So they will try to complete the mission and eliminate the runners to the best of their abilities. They are not, however, suicidal. They will retreat or surrender if the runners clearly have the upper hand. If the runners remain in Berlin or in some way give them another chance at continuing their mission, they will seize it.
