---
id: HnS-0599
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Secret Lab and APEX host
page: 184
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Secret Lab and APEX host

The facility itself is a gloomy place. It’s not very big, either. It’s moist and dark but uncomfortably warm. Indeed, it’s a data center running full time, without proper ventilation, but with some water infiltration here and there. The walls are bare, and most of the furniture (desk, chair, etc.) have rotten and crumbled. Most walls have cracks through which water is dripping. The entry hatch has a metal ladder, similar to the ones used in submarines, that leads to a small room. A door, with broken maglock, gives access to a slightly bigger room, where technicians and scientists operated the large computer server isolated in the third and last room of the facility.

APEX completely redesigned the VR environment of this host into a very video-game-like simulation of Berlin during the F-State. Personas look like runners of the era but with cheesy graphics, IC looks like cops in armor moving around in very predictable patterns, and so on. Data Spikes strike their targets with silly “bang, bang” graphics. While the setting is actually dangerous and mortal, it is pretty goofy to navigate in. And needless to say, whoever comes into this host needs to run silently, otherwise they will be spotted immediately by APEX. The AI will launch Black IC that appears in the skies of the city as dragons.
