---
id: HnS-0333
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Noisestorm
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Noisestorm

The first report of a noisestorm seemed like just a Matrix phenomenon rolling through the area. It wasn’t until later that folks started to figure out there was something odd about the storm. It seemed to have a mind of its own.

The body of a noisestorm is diffuse and covers large areas of Matrix terrain with a massive storm of noise. Devices inside the boundary of a noisestorm are affected by an increase in the amount of noise, but when they go and check their data, often they find that portions of the files are missing or corrupted.

How big can a noisestorm be? The largest one reported messed up a few city blocks. These storms have even been found inside hosts. Initial attacks on these entities didn’t stop them, but instead increased the intensity of the noise.

A noisestorm isn’t a single entity; it’s a cluster of entities (the number is reflected by their Spark). But from the outside, it all just blends together.

| noisestorm | noisestorm | noisestorm |        |          |        |       |        |         |         |
| ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------ | -------- | ------ | ----- | ------ | ------- | ------- |
| **A**      | **S**      | **D**      | **F**  | **W**    | **L**  | **I** | **C**  | **EDG** | **SPK** |
| 3          | 2          | 2          | 5      | 4        | 1      | 2     | 3      | 2       | (1-12)  |
|            |            |            | **DR** | **I/ID** | **AC** |       | **CM** |         |         |
|            |            |            | 9      | 4/4      | A1,I5  |       | 13     |         |         |

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 3 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 4

**Qualities:** Corruptor, Entropic Conversion, Munge, Primal Rage, Real World Naïveté, Redundancy, Snooper

**Programs:** Armor, Fork

**Attacks:**

Distort [Cybercombat, DV 0, AR 5, Crash]

Noisestorm [Cybercombat, DV 2\*, AR 5, Special Protosapient Attack: Noisestorm] Zap [Cybercombat, DV 1\*, AR 6]

- Primal Rage adds +1DV for each –1 wound modifier incurred by the noisestorm
