---
id: HnS-0505
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Kernel Panic
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Kernel Panic

If someone gave you a dose of zen and turned it into a realm, you would have Kernel Panic. At least, that’s a common description of the place. No matter what you call it, it is a very mind-bending experience. Do you hear those stories of people who can smell colors or think numbers are colors? If you visit Kernel Panic, you may get a chance to have a similar experience. This realm is a place of continual shifting colors and patterns. When you first arrive, there seems to be no reason to the realm. All senses combine and tangle to overload the visitor. If you manage to stay focused long enough, you will start to see the order in the chaos. One second you can smell your favorite soy compound while glimpsing an unknown theory for Resonance quantum mechanics. The next second, you’re on a life-sized chess board, playing chess with a sprite that is using its complex form as the pieces.

Kernel Panic is a confusing place. The lead theory supported by most technomancers is that Kernel Panic is pure Resonance. It can take any form, and it’s easy to work there. Hence, technomancers who are trying to discover more about themselves and the Resonance end up in Kernel Panic. You will hear of people who gain nothing from their visit, but there are no known cases of anyone becoming dissonant after visiting. Therefore, it is a popular and safe destination for technomancers learning to submerge.

- Does this realm have a lord of the domain? If so, is it Colonel Panic?

- Bull
