---
id: HnS-0594
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The truth behind the job
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The truth behind the job

Because the NFA serves as a police service in the Marzhan (alternative) district, Manfred gave some kind of fake operational reports about his takedown of the drug activity to the city of Berlin. In this half-assed series of poorly written and barely organized documents, some smart people noticed two things: First, there is no indication of any subterranean installation. Second, the energy consumption of the building is slightly higher than it should have been, provided the supposed occupancy level.

As already mentioned, old hardware of the previous iteration of the Matrix is a valuable commodity in Berlin, and some info broker started spreading the word that there might be some hidden under the Herzbergstraße area. It was an educated guess, but a good one.

Indeed, for a long time now, even before the death of Pjotr Gargari, APEX’s intermediaries made a deal with the Vory to get access to the neglected data center beneath their drug workshop. The AI knew that a long-forgotten subsidiary of Fuchi had some secret labs, where they could operate on weaponizing a few nasty Matrix viruses away from prying eyes. With the fall of the megacorporation and the corporate mayhem that followed, plus Crash 2.0, almost all traces of the location’s existence and goal have been lost. The AI’s allies, led by an old decker called Blitz, quickly repurposed the hardware and established a link between this data center and the rest of APEX’s network.
