---
id: HnS-0496
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Reflecting Pool/ The Deep Foundation
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Reflecting Pool/ The Deep Foundation

I’ll cover this one first, since it’s the easiest to get to. There’s some debate about this level— is this really a Realm, or is it something else? Many believe this is where the Resonance Realms and physical world meet. As an illustration, if you put water and oil in a container, this would be like the boundary layer between the two. The Reflecting Pool, also called the Deep Foundation, is perhaps both the top layer of the Resonance Realms and the Foundation of the Matrix. A submerged technomancer can use the Event Horizon to get into the Pool, but a regular decker can also get to it through a host’s Null node or even by just constantly moving down from any spot in the Matrix and looking for a way in.

This leads to a question about where the Event Horizon is in relation to the Deep Foundation. I think they may actually be the same thing, but they can be navigated by two different methods.

Anyway, this place operates like a host Foundation and creates the same type of avatars, but it doesn’t have any nodes or a real paradigm. It’s more like a Resonance Realm in the way it’s set up, a not-quite perfect copy of the real world, with all the places you remember, populated by versions of people you know or have known in the past. Due to the limited pool of people to draw from, the Reflecting Pool re-uses those people for different roles. It’s freaky how the different versions of the same person will remember what you discussed five blocks away in a soykaf shop, but now they’re selling stolen comms in a back alley and continuing the same conversation.

Keep in mind that unlike a host Foundation’s paradigm, not everyone you meet is a Foundation construct created from your subconscious mind. Some of those familiar faces will be wild sprites or an AI playing along, or they could even be one of the Null Sect in disguise.

- Something about this reminds me of what I’ve heard called the Great Connection; you know, the large tree that floated on a lake of pure data. Where you could travel to any part of the Matrix.

- Netcat

- No one has been able to find the Great Connection for a long time. I think this may be what remains of it, but over the decades it’s taking on more aspects of the modern world.

- Puck
