---
id: HnS-0501
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Human Malice (Dissonant realm)
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Human Malice (Dissonant realm)

This realm is permeated with the feeling of malevolence. When you enter, you are accosted with every negative emotion you can imagine. Once you get those tamped down, everywhere you look you are confronted with sounds and images of every horror you can imagine. The bad part is, the realm somehow makes it known that everything you’re seeing and hearing has really happened or is happening at that very moment, streaming straight from the Matrix. So you can’t even try to fool yourself into thinking it’s not real. That is why you hear people say no sensible technomancer would go there. But people aren’t sensible, and Malice has a lure that some people can’t say no to.

- I know a brother and sister technomancer team who went there looking for some dirt on a politician. I don’t know what happened, but they haven’t spoken to each other since.

- Sim-Eon

Most realms have some type of purpose; like the Endless Archive carefully storing information or the Factory creating all varieties of sprites. I’m not sure what the purpose of Malice is. It’s a hot, humid, and filthy-smelling series of back alleys that even the most seasoned runner would hesitate to enter. Blinking and burned-out neon signs list a range of available services and information. It doesn’t matter if you’re looking for hate-filled manifestos, simsense snuff porn, or newly cookedup street-drug recipes, it can be found here. Everything that someone should regret saying or doing, or that they should be ashamed of, can be found in Malice, even if they think they’ve erased it from existence.

The denizens of this realm are twisted caricatures of humans. Distorted, sweat-covered sprites outfitted in deteriorating rubber or synthleather bodysuits covered with straps and buckles, with no two of them exactly alike. At first, no one knew what the denizens of this realm did, because no one stayed around to find out. Stories are starting to circulate that some of the more human-looking sprites will interact with visitors, and I do not want to know what kind of deals are being discussed in these back alleys. There have also been rumors about helpless technomancers being carried off to

the darker corners of this realm by the residents. I don’t want to think about their fate.

People who visit this realm can slide into madness and many do—or maybe they were already insane before they came here—but I recommend that novice travelers stay away from here. Whatever reason you think you have for going, it’s not worth it. However, if you’re serious about traveling to Malice, I hope you’re out before the sprites know you’re there.
