---
id: HnS-0151
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Host Noise, Device Limits, and Distance
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Host Noise, Device Limits, and Distance

Hosts have no device limits, and there is no noise due to distance inside a host. Meaning that any and all devices slaved to a host don’t have any penalties due to distance as long as they’re within the limits of the scale (see p. 51) of the host.

Noise due to distance and the ability to access to a host varies, depending on the type and scale of the host. There are three basic types of host that you need to deal with: Foundation, framework, and offline. Foundation hosts form the backbone of how the general population uses the Matrix; corporations and governments maintain these for broad access. These hosts are typically large, and as long as you have general Matrix access, there is no noise due to distance when connecting to them as long as you are within the limits of their scale. Physical hosts are used for increased security purposes, which means these are probably the most likely type of host that a shadowrunner will encounter. Any information or Matrix functions to which an owner wants to restrict access typically uses a physical host of some type. A physical host may link multiple real locations without being physically present at each one; noise due to distance is calculated by the distance between the hacker and the point where they are attempting to access the host (called the access point) as long as that access point is within the limits of the host’s scale. Most likely this will be the facility they wish to infiltrate, but it could also be any device that is connected to the host. Offline hosts are the most secure and can only be accessed by direct connection, so there is no noise to deal with.

Sometimes an owner will want or need to connect two hosts to transfer information. This is usually done by opening a temporary access to the main Foundation host and using it as a relay to transfer the information. However, if they choose to not use such a relay, there would still be a noise penalty for any actions between two hosts that do not have an overlapping scale area.

The vast majority of common legal Matrix use functions the same way as using a host-to-host connection. For example, if you want to make a

commlink call to your buddy in Tokyo and you are in Seattle, you simply connect to the MaBell global host, and it relays your call to Tokyo with no noise penalty. For the obvious reason that this creates a nice easy trail for GOD to follow illegal hacking actions, hackers don’t use this method of relay. For game purposes, using a global host link to avoid noise earns a Matrix user +20 OS per connection.
