---
id: HnS-0512
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Reflecting Pool/ Deep Foundation
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Reflecting Pool/ Deep Foundation

For most Matrix users, this is as close to the Resonance Realms as they will ever get. The Deep Foundation, also called the Reflecting Pool, seems to be intertwined with the Event Horizon as a barrier between the Realms and the Matrix. A submerged technomancer can enter the Reflecting Pool through the Event Horizon in the same way as traveling to any other realm, but hackers and non-submerged technomancers can also access it by going through the Null node of a Foundation host or by locating a Deep Foundation portal in the Matrix as per the rules for **Entering the Foundation** (p. 140). Hitchhikers can enter by riding along with either. Everyone who enters this quasi-realm, by any method, generates a Foundation avatar using the rules outlined in **The Foundation Avatar** (p. 140); even submerged technomancers will use an avatar instead of their living persona. Actions, combat, and taking damage also follow the rules for operating inside a host Foundation with a Foundation Avatar.

One of the key differences between the Reflecting Pool and a host Foundation is that there are no nodes to use. Entry is like waking up in a familiar location; exiting the realm only requires returning to that location and falling back asleep or simply desiring to leave. Instead of a Paradigm, the Reflecting Pool mirrors the real world as it’s remembered by those who enter. All of the places and people will be familiar but are not quite exact versions. Actions available are the same as what can be taken in any of the realms, but since the world of the Deep Foundation is a reflection of the subconscious of those who enter, it is also a mechanism for working through personal issues and revealing secrets buried by the subconscious. Ghosts from the past may materialize and confront the travelers, demanding some penance in return for the information sought.

One last and most important difference between the deep Foundation and a host Foundation is that this realm is a home for many types of digital intelligences. Protosapients, e-ghosts, wild and free sprites, AIs, EIs, and even xenosapients like the Null Sect—and worse—can all be found here mixed among the normal Foundation constructs.
