---
id: HnS-0337
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: SINtax
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SINtax

The name of this protosapient must have been a huge joke to some Matrix researcher. Their icons appear as corporate wageslaves wearing ill-fitting suits, only they are distorted. Their joints may bend the wrong direction, or the joints are located in the wrong spot. Their faces appear off as well, setting them at the bottom of the uncanny valley. Their movement is often stuttered as they jerk about from one location to another. But it appears that they try to mimic the behavior of metahuman activity on the Matrix by pulling files from the archives—only they munge the file.

SINtaxes were first seen in hosts abandoned by failed corporations. They were seen picking over the bones of files and device icons. Since then, they have been spotted in hosts in the wild Matrix and in some of the lesser-used hosts in more tame regions of the Matrix. They have become increasingly more common.

Luckily, they aren’t necessarily dangerous as long as you pay attention to your data and icons. They graze through whatever they can. Often, they are prey of other protosapients. The most dangerous thing is operating near groups of these, as their mere presence increases the rate of failure in programs and actions.


## sintax

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F W L I C EDG SPK<br>2 2 3 4 2 1 2 3 3 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>7 5/4 A1,I5 10<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 3, Electronics 2 **Qualities:** Corruptor, Munge, Real World Naïveté **Programs:** Decryption, Stealth **Attacks:**

Corrupting Touch [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 4, causes the target to possess the Gremlins negative quality for 1D6 hours; additional attacks add +l hour to the special effect]
