---
id: HnS-0332
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Heavyweight
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Heavyweight

One of the largest protosapients to swim the digital sea is the heavyweight. A heavyweight looks like a large, armored van with odd, thin legs growing where the tires should be. No one is sure how many of them live out in the wilds, but no one wants them near their data stores.

Heavyweights are solo large grazers who roam the Matrix, migrating from host to host. The large creatures don’t so much as hunt as just hoover up anything that gets near them. They are so destructive to data that the Big Ten and the Grid Overwatch Division have been running a tracking division called the Heavyweight Inventory and Tracking Operation (HITO) just to keep them out of any corporate facilities. HITO has killed a few of these things, but most of the time, they hope it just moves on.

Some of the MUGs have been using these things to wreak a special sort of havoc on their targets, so make sure your data haven hasn’t gotten on the bad side of folks. Luring them in is tricky if you care about the data you use as bait, but if you leave enough of a trail, you have a pretty good chance of redirecting them toward your target.

| heavyweight | heavyweight | heavyweight | heavyweight |            |            |            |            |              |              |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| **A**<br>4  | **S**<br>3  | **D**<br>5  | **F**<br>10 | **W**<br>7 | **L**<br>1 | **I**<br>2 | **C**<br>2 | **EDG**<br>2 | **SPK**<br>6 |
|             |             |             | **DR**      | **I/ID**   | **AC**     |            | **CM**     |              |              |
|             |             |             | 17          | 7/4        | A1,I5      |            | 13         |              |              |

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 3 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 3 **Qualities:** Munge, Real World Naïveté, Redundancy **Programs:** Armor, Fork **Attacks:**

Stomp [Cybercombat, DV 3, AR 7] Crush [Cybercombat, DV 6, AR 12, requires 2 Virtual Aim actions first to initiate this attack]
