---
id: HnS-0029
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: This Side Up (Side A)
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## This Side Up (Side A)

Ever since the systems were rebuilt after the Crash of 2029 and in each subsequent iteration of the Matrix, there has been a feeling that something else is out there, beyond the prebuilt logic constructions. The primordial churning of psychotropic viruses and petapulses of metahumanity’s manifestos gave rise to homegrown digital sentience inside what would become the Deep Foundation. Well-worn data trails lead into fractal forest groves and warm lakes hidden among the archives of cold storage. Less like the chaos of Foundation-originating manifestations, this wild side of the Matrix can be found in archaic hosts and their reflections that bubble up from the Deep Foundation with form and structure, evolving from metahuman ideals. It’s a fascinating view of adaptation outside of any metahuman controls. Some say that the wild has its own goals in shaping the Matrix.

The Matrix is also vast, with a wireless network that is theoretically accessible around the globe and into the heavens. And within this space, Emergent animals evolved alongside mundane species, able to influence and even operate the

Curiously, most Emergent species find the hosts of the old Matrix hospitable, with many having fled further into the wild. Warning to the watchful: If you have Matrix access and are pretty far from civilization, the odds are fairly solid you’ve wandered into a wild Matrix zone, and a portion of the critters you’re likely to encounter scampering and stalking about have their Emergent natures with them. No, not every little bunny is also Emergent, that’s not what I’m saying. However, if your ’link’s firewall just got tagged, that bunny may go vorpal.

- Our bastet doesn’t go out very often. The old home network and virtual rooms we set up are where she mostly stays. She gets very irritated when she is not in the old neighborhood.

- Netcat
