---
id: HnS-0576
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: "Who\u2019s Who - Clockwork\u2019s Team"
page: 176
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Who’s Who

## Clockwork’s Team

Ideally, you can swap these runners with a team your PCs have already faced and hate. If not, here are a bunch of nasty bastards. Their leader, **Brank** , is a dwarf decker, who loves grenades as much as his Ares Predator. He has not lost a single minute of sleep after putting a bullet into a fifteen-yearold (Blip) and cares only about getting the paydata (use Dwarf decker, p. 84, _SR6_ , but boost Firearms to 6 and add Pistols specialization, Athletics 4 with Throwing specialization, the Biofeedback program, a pair of Ares Predator, and two regular grenades). **Engel** (use Combat Mage, p.82, _SR6_ ), an elf who pretends to be a chaos mage hiding his addiction to blood magic with a bad blend of gothic/emo look. Second-rate cyberware has eaten the soul of **Mercy** (use Street Samurai, p. 87, _SR6_ ) a troll who is now, ironically, without a shred of mercy. **Overdrive** (use Rigger, p. 86, _SR6_ ), a novacoke fiend, addicted to VR, loves speed. The skinny human will push whatever vehicle is used for the run to its limits.

When they ambush the runners, they will choose a drive-by approach, using a muscle car to get close, then they will hit hard. Brank will toss a grenade and Engel will cast a Manaball while Mercy lays heavy fire on the group. However, they will flee right away, assuming the runners are either dead or convinced to stop their run.
