---
id: HnS-0313
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: '> Pistons'
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Pistons

During the development of the project, it was revealed that in order for people to access the new Global Foundation and benefit from the newest Matrix protocols, each and every piece of hardware would need to be updated. Software upUNIONdates—some would call them firmware updates— were necessary. Certain older hardware protocols were intentionally designed out of the new system, forcing anyone wanting Matrix access to buy new, build new, train new. Which is a corporation’s first and foremost desire. And of course, none of this could happen until what I’ve seen others refer to as “the Code Artifact” was found and then put to use.

So anyway, the programming of the individuals had to be performed using non-simsense technologies at first, because to be honest, simsense “programming” just did not hold against an Emergent mind. Each individual had to be made to believe that what they wanted was what their coordinators wanted. Add to this, there were easily two dozen individuals in the program who were _willing_ participants. How and why these volunteers came about after everything else Hengester did and how de la Mar and her team cultivated this is outside of my understanding.

- That’s just wrong.

- /dev/grrl

- Everyone has a purpose.

- Many-Names

It was the willing participants who were the leaders of each cell, each “node” that was established. “Node” was a term carefully chosen, because it was a reflection of certain elements of the Deep Foundation’s structure. The entirety of the group was not brought online at first; there were tests, of course, in smaller groups. Most of these took place in locations far away from large population centers, with some of the testing happening in orbit as well as offshore, as one might expect.

- I witnessed a few of these early trials. Some would say it was what I was paid to watch over at times.

- The Refugee

- There is no way you were here in ’74! Stop trying to give yourself more importance than you really have.

- Sim-Eon


hundred were now the basis for an entirely new, pseudo-Resonant Matrix that could do things the older protocols could never have pulled off. If you know anything about Nous Fields, then you begin to understand what really happened to the one hundred.
