---
id: HnS-0308
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Light of Spirits - Taos Pueblo Tribal Sovereignty, Pueblo Corporate Council
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Light of Spirits

## Taos Pueblo Tribal Sovereignty, Pueblo Corporate Council

Many technomancer groups refer to themselves as tribes. In at least one instance, this is a legitimate term applying to a group of technomancers who sought to form themselves into a recognized tribal body. Light of Spirits is the result of three solid years of sanctuary-seeking and constructive citizenship efforts that started with individuals who relocated from other parts of the southwestern continent, including Las Vegas, Denver, Phoenix, Mexicali, Nogales, Albuquerque, and Ciudad Juarez. At the core of the tribe is a group of twenty technomancers who all claim to have heard and answered a song-like summons to Taos from the Matrix entity Kokopelli, a deity that has been honored and revered throughout the many Hopi, Pueblo, and Zuni tribes over several centuries. Commonly associated with fertility, Kokopelli is a being that has many non-terrestrial ties and whose songs echo across the stars.

- Yup, let’s all say it now folks … ALIENS!

- **>** Clockwork

- They are very intellectual. Territorial, but good people to know.

- **>** The Refugee

Unlike many organizations, they set out without goals or any secret agenda that placed them into direct conflict with anyone. The founding members were all sanctuary seekers, wishing to hide or break away from places that had wronged them or where they had suffered. The actual means or moment of communication between the founders is not spoken of save in tribal songs, telling of the group meeting for the first time in Taos itself and becoming friends, quickly developing into a familial bond. This no doubt played a part in their eventual Symmetry-forming actions and later led to their acceptance into the greater peoples of the Pueblo Nations.

Since the founding, the tribe has accepted at first many dozens, and now a few hundred individuals in total, with more than fifty of the new members added in the last two years’ time. Their tribal
