---
id: HnS-0032
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'Telling Them Apart - Posted by: Eeroo'
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Telling Them Apart

## Posted by: Eeroo

I am overjoyed to explain this to you, for certainly many of you do not understand the subtle differences in the depths and echoes of the wild and draw false beliefs that these are in fact part of the expressions of the Deep Resonance or perhaps even another surface of the Reflecting Pool.

- Quick explanation. Eeroo is not a metahuman but is most certainly and quite evidently a sapient being. He’s native to our world, and I’ve learned he’s about the same age as myself, so twenty-something. His inherent comprehension of what he calls the Great Oceanic Wild is nearly unrivaled, as is his ability to navigate it. See, Eeroo is an Emergent blue whale. He has helped some lucky individuals such as me learn how to tell the difference between the wild and the edges where the Deep Resonance occasionally surfaces to our Matrix world.

- Gramius

- He’s a fish?! No way!? I wanna ride! By my sledgehammer, you’re a big one!

- Slamm-0!

- Isn’t that what happened in Boston?

- Sounder

- In some instances, almost certainly.

- Gramius

As the CCMA continues to come with improvements and automations building the “better” Matrix without fully understanding what they are dealing with, more and more irregularities are showing up. Either it will blow up into digital pieces sending us back to paper and pencil, or they will have built up enough experience to tamp down any weird/extra code.

- Not to confirm or deny his nature, but I can say that Renraku and Shiawase have both put forth standing bounties for Eeroo ever since he was associated with the dismantling of a bottomtrawling fleet last year. Reports say you’re never alone, big guy, so I wish the best of luck to all of you!

- Ecotope

- He is never alone, that much is certain.

- Sounder

There are simple cues to inform one when they are in the wild and when they are not. Those same cues, when people are practiced at recognizing them,
