---
id: HnS-0303
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: the (everett) 811
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## the (everett) 811

**Members:** 20

**Type:** Emergent

**Group Connection Rating:** 7 (sprawl-wide scope, extensive finances, extensive Matrix, all technomancers)

**Host:** 6 (7/6/9/8) (Foundation)

**Restrictions:** Technomancers only, Triad members only. **Perks:** Middle Lifestyle provided. May call upon other Triad members for aid.

**Patronage:** Fully sponsored (88 Triad, Everett, Free Seattle); NPC members can call upon a number of Triad members for protection or to help them in special business operations.

**Gamemasters Note:** The 811 sector highlighted here is intended as a model for other similar groups within larger organizations such as criminal syndicates. Should a PC wish to join such a sector, they must meet all the related restrictions, which would include any initiatory ceremonies into the Triad. Loyalty ratings for the group regarding PCs should be managed as per normal rules and not those listed above.

- Watching this organizational aid has been very educational. Not only is it showing adaptation, it also shows the strength in the stronger alliances for these portions of the greater Triad networks.

- Rikki

The sector’s leadership is determined by their own membership, and it changes from task to task. Experts in false ID generation, identity theft, financial management and titration (money laundering), loan oversight, and transaction security, they are kept busy and seem to thrive on staying that way. The exact number of members in the Everett sector is uncertain, but it is believed to be no more than twenty in all. They are not known to have a host entirely their own, but instead use those hosts that are operated by the 88s and those businesses that the Triad itself maintains.

- I don’t believe this. Their organization seems too capable not to have their own host someplace.

- LPSD

- They could have a host, but would likely only have access to it by way of the other hosts they manage. Why put something up front when they can pick and choose as they wish and cover it with legitimate operations?

- Jimmy No

- They also use e-fauna to serve as couriers.

- Plan 9
