---
id: HnS-0573
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Not in Kansas
page: 175
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Not in Kansas

Once the runners (or their hacker) are used to the host strangeness (see Hotspots), they will easily locate their friend, who sadly is a prisoner of a bunch of feral protosapients who have been slowly eating his persona, byte by byte. Their buddy, trapped in a cage, is too hurt to help them. The protosapients understand their friend has value and exploit this to lure their victims in. Nearby, there is also the paydata they are here for.

Clockwork’s persona, running silently, can also be spotted in the vicinity (he has 16 dice to avoid being noticed). The decker is assessing the situation. If the runners make their move, either for the data or to free their friend, he will use this as a distraction to sneak in and steal the paydata. If he thinks the runners are too good to be messed with, he can be talked into a temporary alliance (each gets a copy of the paydata), but he will try to screw them over if he can.

If a runner’s hacker is not alone, his companions are an asset to him or her. They can distract the protosapients, put themselves between Clockwork and the paydata or even take damage instead of their partner. Otherwise, the hacker can enlist the support of its agents (decker) or its sprites (technomancer) to achieve a similar result.

Between the protosapients and Clockwork, the runners may have to choose between getting the paydata or rescuing their friend (especially if part of the team is fighting off MCT goons in the real world). Coming back later for either is not an option, Clockwork will corrupt the file so no one else can have it and their friend will not survive long enough for a second attempt.

If they pick their friend over the paydata, there is one piece of good news: Louis Belaran will not hold that against them. They won’t get paid, but there will be no negative impact on their reputation. He might even buy them a glass of wine to celebrate “You and I have not made a buck in this whole mess, but at least, we can enjoy the nice afterglow of doing the right thing. Santé!”

Their friend may be alive, but the injury will prevent any further Matrix endeavors (or sever their connection to the Resonance), a cautionary tale about the dangers of the Matrix.
