---
id: HnS-0569
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Notre Dame de Paris
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Notre Dame de Paris

The last site, the VR host attached to the Cathedral Notre Dame de Paris, is probably the most confusing for the runners. Mostly visited by pious Catholics, often on their deathbed, the Matrix site is a flawless reproduction of the well-known monument. It’s quiet and restful. Attentive visitors may notice a famous-looking hunchback discreetly jumping from one hiding spot to another in the ceiling of the grand cathedral (Perception (3) test to spot this Patrol IC). This construct was created by a bored security spider who sculpted the host’s IC and decided to use characters from the _Hunchback of Notre Dame_ for various icons.

A few members of the clergy are here to pray with visitors, give confessions, and answer theological questions. To learn a bit more, the runners will need to circumvent the language barrier. Few people here are fluent in English. Once set with that appropriate linguasoft or, better, a trustworthy ally fluent in French, the real work begins. At first, none of the people around will remember the runner’s friend’s persona or someone else asking unusual queries.



However, persistent runners may stumble upon a nice old French man who is spending his last days on Earth entirely away from the pains of his terminal illness. **Gérald Tissier** saw their friend chatting with another visitor, who had a very fashionable persona. The visitor was a tall blond elf with long hair and wearing a very fancy grey suit. If the PCs research the Matrix for this persona or ask their contact (corporate or one involved in magical societies), they will soon learn that this icon is often used by **Louis Belaran** , a M. Johnson associated with the Astral Space Preservation Society (ASPS).

**Note:** If the runners visit this location first, bear in mind that identifying Belaran’s persona will take some time; they should explore the other places to gather more information.
