---
id: HnS-0338
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Tentacle
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tentacle

The icon of this entity is a single flexible limb that is often matte black or dark brown, and it doesn’t lead to a body or end at a nub. This sets it apart from some of the other protosapients described as worms or snakes.

The tentacles probe through the Matrix, snatching up icons to begin the slow process of munging. As part of the munging, the icons distort into twisted faces and corrupted bodies as if they were dolls out of your favorite horror trid, disrupting Sleaze and making any surviving icons stand out in the Matrix until they reset. They are attracted to areas of the Matrix with large amounts of icons, but where they aren’t attacked. There have been rumors of tentacle frenzies that have brought sections of the Matrix down, but these rumors have not been verified.

A tentacle is a solitary hunter, and while not skilled at fighting another predator, they are quite capable of handling most of the devices and icons on the Matrix. It is possible that your PAN may be juicy enough to become the target of a tentacle, but fighting back can drive them away.

| tentacle<br>**A**<br>**S**<br>**D**<br>3<br>1<br>3 | **F**<br>4<br>**DR**<br>7 | **W**<br>4<br>**I/ID**<br>7/4 | **L**<br>1<br>**AC**<br>A1,I5 | **I**<br>4 | **C**<br>2<br>**CM**<br>10 | **EDG**<br>4 | **SPK**<br>6 |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------- | ------------ | ------------ |

**Matrix Skills:** Cracking 2 (Cybercombat +2), Electronics 2 **Qualities:** Munge, Real World Naïveté **Programs:** Decryption, Exploit, Stealth **Attacks:**

Rasping Tentacle [Cybercombat, DV 4, AR 5] Limelight [Cybercombat, DV 1, AR 15, net hits reduce the Sleaze attribute]
