---
id: HnS-0463
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: A Brave New World
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Brave New World

It’s been seven years since the world was introduced to the newest incarnation of the Matrix, the Foundation, the one created—or discovered—by the new Matrix protocols. And what do we really know about it? The truth is, not a lot, even after seven years. We know that Danielle de la Mar’s story about a deviceless Matrix presented to the Corporate Court in ’74 was pure drek. We know that the entire foundation of the new Matrix is built with a technology that no one truly understands, including GOD and the CC. We know it’s tainted by the torture of technomancers at its inception. And now it looks like the entire thing is starting to crumble.

At first, the world was seduced by Foundation-tech’s promise of free unlimited processing power and free unlimited data storage. That storage was promised to be completely secure through a data archive system unassailable and unreachable by hackers. Of course, it was all too good to be true, and the world is starting to realize just how expensive “free” really is. Hackers have discovered exploits and workarounds over the last seven years that make the new Matrix protocols far less secure than promised. New entities have been appearing throughout the Matrix, rumored to be from the Deep Foundation. And there’s the latest phenomenon of sudden host instability, with the total failures of a few hosts. Lastly, rumors are slowly filtering from hacker boards to the general public about the true origins of Foundation-tech. It’s easy to see why there is talk of moving back toa device-based Matrix, but the genie may already be out of the bottle. It could already be too late to change course.

- You know who doesn’t use Foundation-tech, and never has? GOD and the Corporate Court, that’s who. They’ve always had their own physical server networks on orbital platforms and have never switched over to Foundation-based hosts. I can’t think of a better indictment of the new Matrix protocols than the fact that its creators do not use it for their own systems.

- Orbital DK
