---
id: HnS-0232
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Sprite Rep
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sprite Rep

No one really knows who’s keeping tabs, whether it’s the Resonance, the sprites themselves, or a technomancer’s own conscience, but word seems to get around about which technomancers treat their sprites well and which ones don’t. Any technomancer capable of compiling and registering sprites (which is pretty much all of them) begins with a Sprite Rep of 0, which is neutral. Certain things can cause your Sprite Rep to improve or decline. When one of your sprites runs out of tasks with an undamaged Matrix condition monitor, your Sprite Rep has a chance to go up. Sprites seem to enjoy using their powers. Once per session, when one of your sprites successfully uses one of its sprite powers at your orders, your Sprite Rep might go up. Additionally, once per session, if

**==> picture [187 x 21] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPRITE REP // POINTS OF SPRITE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


you use a complex form to aid a sprite, your Sprite Rep has a chance to go up.

Whenever your Sprite Rep has a chance to go up, roll 1D6 and add your submersion grade. If this total exceeds your current Sprite Rep, it goes up by 1. If the total is equal to or less than your Sprite Rep, it stays the same.

If you cause a sprite to crash, whether through your own actions or by a sprite acting on your commands, your Sprite Rep goes down by 1. If one of your own sprites is crashed, your Sprite Rep goes down by 1. The exceptions to this are fault sprites (who don’t really seem to mind the experience) and Dissonant sprites (who don’t count, as far as the rest are concerned).

Sprites begin to chafe after repeated registrations and long service. Each time you re-register a sprite after the first, reduce your Sprite Rep by 1. Just to be clear, you may compile a sprite, register a sprite, and re-register a sprite once with no effect to your Sprite Rep—it’s only the second re-registration and beyond that has a negative effect. If you order your sprite to take on a long-term task, reduce your Sprite Rep by 1 after every twenty-four hours passes. If one of your sprites runs out of tasks and has six or more boxes of damage filled on its Matrix condition monitor, your Sprite Rep goes down by 1.
