---
id: HnS-0596
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Picking up the pieces - And Now What?
page: 183
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Picking up the pieces

## And Now What?

This adventure is pretty open-ended. Once the runners find their way around (or through) the NFA soldiers and into the secret lab, they are faced with a puzzle. All the hardware is still active and actually running hot. It’s wired to the wall into an intricate, old-fashioned network that connects to some different cable-based infrastructure leading to some other area of Berlin. The original firmware and data have been completely wiped, and whatever is executing now is not making any sense.

Their client wanted the data, so that’s a failure, but if the PCs manage to bring back the hardware, maybe part of it can be retrieved. The servers are not too large, and they need to be properly unplugged to avoid even more data corruption and moved into a vehicle as big as a small truck. And, of course, depending on how loudly or not they came in, the runners may take all the time in the world to organize that or need to bug out immediately.

Unbeknownst to runners, APEX is aware of their intrusion and has Blitz send his most trusted and dangerous team of runners to get rid of them. It will take them less than one hour to arrive, so the runners have a chance to move away from the location and not be simply trapped inside the lab. APEX has instructed Blitz’s team to kill all the runners, even if it means blowing up the datacenter.

If the runner hacker is plugged into the system, use the opportunity to describe an incredible level of simulation (see **Hotspots** ) and have the runner’s nose bloodied by a short but brutal battle with APEX itself.
