---
id: HnS-0028
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Navigating the Wild (Game Mechanics)
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Navigating the Wild (Game Mechanics)

Anything related to Searching or Scanning that takes place within a wild Matrix zone is more complicated because there are no methods of addressing readily available. When performing a Matrix Perception test, a dice pool modifier of –1 to –4 is applied against the perceiving individual if they are using technological devices such as a commlink, cyberdeck, RCC, or vehicle sensors. Emergent individuals, sprites, protosapients, and xenosapient entities do not suffer these penalties when in a wild Zone, and in fact benefit with a +1 Edge for all their actions, including Surprise and Defensive tests of all types.

If non-Emergent individuals using devices want to avoid these penalties, they have to establish a series of landmarks or waypoints. When building this kind of map, the user makes a Waypoint Test. How often they need to do this depends upon the success of the test. This is done with a Cracking (Electronic Warfare) + Intuition (3) test. The Waypoint counters the effects of a wild zone for a duration equal to (Data Processing) minutes. Waypoint tests can be done with teamwork, and any additional hits beyond the threshold increase the duration by one minute.

- Find someone who handles Matrix Safaris if you want to go into the wild. I know a guy; his name is Cannon. He’s familiar with them. His guide, Wraith, is a persona the likes of which I’ve only seen in old Patterson’s Guides.

- Gramius

While most Emergent species do not appear capable of building a host, they have found the wild very appealing. Memories, scents, and favorite patterns call them. The Emergent have been able to find hosts in the wild and adjust the architecture to be more appealing to them. Some are sanctuaries, some are ready rooms where they plan their day, and some are … well … hookup houses with hacked AR and VR for attracting mates.

- This is not entirely true. There are some Emergent who can construct hosts, or host-compatible structures, but they take other forms and so far have never expressed a Foundation basis. Certain forms of coral have been found to do this, as have e-fauna such as ants and termites, and no not the insect spirit kind. Certain communal nesting birds and even spiders have done this in parts of the world as well.

- Netcat
