---
id: HnS-0467
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Future is the Past
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Future is the Past

With all these problems, where does the future of Foundation-tech go from here? While it’s true the problems have left many host owners unhappy with the technology, trillions of nuyen have been

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: HACK & SLASH<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Ainvested in it over the last seven years, and unless something drastic happens, Foundation-tech is here to stay. The largest users will continue trying to patch the security issues and mitigate the other dangers. For example, it’s an open secret that MCT has been working to contain or redirect the threat of the Null Sect.

The only other real alternative to Foundation hosts are Framework hosts. Based on an older technology, they do not connect to the Deep Foundation, so they avoid most of the problems. They also don’t have a Foundation archive, but the newest versions do a fairly good job of duplicating it. On the downside, Frameworks use a lot of power, and while the initial cost may be lower for some hosts, the yearly operating cost can eat that savings up. Some corporations are already retrofitting to a hybrid structure that takes advantage of the best features of both types. The large public-facing Foundation host with a high resolution remains in place, while sensitive data and operations are moved to smaller, more secure Framework hosts nested inside the Foundation host.
