---
id: HnS-0494
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: 'Known Resonance Realms - Posted By: T3chK1d'
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Known Resonance Realms

## Posted By: T3chK1d

This subject has not been updated in a while and Perri asked me if I could take care of it. She has arranged for Slamm-0! to provide guest credentials, and I look forward to giving you all a synopsis of the known Resonance Realms. As she has already pointed out, the Realms seem to be infinite. Much like in the Age of Exploration, governments, corporations and the average metahuman see the Realms as a path for the rapid accumulation of power and nuyen. They do not realize or care about the potential dangers.

I am going to discuss the Realms in order of their difficulty to access. This usually correlates with how much they resemble our world, but not always. I will start with the ones that are easiest— those that are closest?—or at the ones most like the physical world and go from there.

- Never heard of T3chK1d. Does anyone know anything about him?

- **>** Glitch

- I worked with him once—he’s a young human male. I needed some help on a local issue. He was our decker, but I was worried because he seemed so young, early twenties at most, and he had what looked like a junk deck. Turned out he was amazingly good for his age and equipment.

- 2XL

- Wait, that doesn’t make sense. Perri said he was a technomancer, and why would a decker be asked to cover the Resonance Realms?

- Sim-Eon

- He’s a gnome who can pass as a young human. I have worked with him on and off for fifteen years and he still looks and acts like he did when I first met him.

- Icarus

- He’s in his early forties, and trust me, he’s a technomancer. He carries that junk equipment around to help him sell his story about being kicked out of college and needing money, or that he’s a rich boy slumming it without his parents knowing, or that he’s working to find the group of ninjas that killed his family. I have been on several trips to the Resonance Realms with him, and when you go there with him, it’s like being with the most popular kid in school. He has a knack for positive interaction with the local denizens of whatever Realm he’s on—they give him preferential treatment.

**>** Perri
