---
id: HnS-0296
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: Mixed-User Groups (MUGs)
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mixed-User Groups (MUGs)

These are what most people associate with a group in the Matrix. Deckers, hackers, AIs, monads, and yes, even technomancers and sprites. It is entirely possible for a mixed-user group to have within it

an Emergent group, as I said earlier. The biggest deal here is that non-resonant individuals cannot partake of the full benefits of the tighter inner group, and it is not uncommon for cliques and offshoots of these organizations to spring up and form smaller, newer, or even just more radical subsets from the original. Sometimes, especially with the exceptionally larger organizations, several smaller groups come together under a larger, unifying umbrella. The Walking People are an example of this.

- Unifying? Have you ever played **Allies & Enemies** before? Everyone is happy as long as the overarching goals or agendas all line up. The instant there’s a shift, or someone pees in another one’s Beerios at breakfast, there’s fragmentation faster than the old soft memory cores used to crash.

- Red Anya

MUGs have the advantage of being able to attract members more easily. It is not uncommon, and may in fact be in the majority here, but MUGs also tend to be shorter-lived unless their internal politics somehow gift them with fortitude other groups may not have. It’s also true that most of these often resemble a street gang in the way they form or behave. Larger ones tend toward either very structured leadership, with smaller cells taking up the cause of the primary group in their home grids, or they have extremely loose leadership structures, which make them both harder to target by corporate and national enforcement agencies and extremely fluid in their operations, with smaller financial reserves to draw upon.

- Everyone wonders what’s so good about joining a Matrix group. The Matrix is, for the everyday J.Q. Publican subscriber, a place of information—workout routines, daily soap operas and simnovellas, work-from-home security, and so on. For everyone else, it’s a place to find oneself locked in a virtual loop until the Star or the security contractor show up at your proverbial doorstep. Groups can help divert trackers, IC, and all sorts of other pursuers. Other members of the group know people you probably don’t know. Groups can help find a doss or a safehouse where you can lie low and let the heat cool off. They also can share certain programs, especially Firewall and Sleaze utilities, to help keep people from being found in the first place. And if you’re one of those types who digs into places where the megacorps don’t want you, the benefits of someone else knowing what you don’t just get better and better.

- **>** Netcat
