---
id: HnS-0520
source: Hack and Slash
chapter: General
topic: The Word of GOD
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Word of GOD

As said above, GOD has myriad tools at their disposal, but convergence is the most terrifying. The mere fact that a hacker could be undetected by a host yet at extreme risk from Convergence is enough to deter all but the most determined.

The scenario described above is one of many ways GOD can use convergence to deal with intruders. It is by far the most common, and the motif of Prohibition-era government lackeys evokes the extreme overkill visited upon criminals of the day. In fact, it is from these instances that the standard GOD decker gets their own icon design, and it has become a sort of uniform amongst them, and the old-time “G-man” has become a symbol of fear in illicit communities, with parodies of them becoming popular with the defiant who thumb their noses at the relatively new authority.

While it has become something of a standard, the G-man icon is not the only one utilized by GOD. Many others exist, most representing some sort of authority figure. A demiGOD dedicated to a single host may adapt their icon to the sculpting of the host, so that their actions present a better fit for the average corporate drone who may be working there. Still others use icons of a completely alien bent, preferring to represent themselves as a force of nature or even a plague visited upon intruder personas.

Verily, other forms of convergence exist as well. Though these are not normally used on any publicgrids, the option to do so always exists. Within a host, there is no such need to keep up appearances, thus the alternate forms of convergence would be found more readily in spaces hidden from the public eye. Be aware and on the watch, for these forms may do things such as seize your identity or even your very will.
