---
id: IA-0014
source: Ingentis Athletes
chapter: shadow stock INGENTIS ATHLETES
topic: shadow stock
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadow stock 

management of the same young man he accidentally injured with his horns. We’ll call him Kinoko (because his name really is Kinoko). Kinoko did not grow up to be mentally stable. He was, in fact, already a spoiled brat when the event happened and just got worse over time. The brat thought Bass needed a lesson and ordered him to enter a full-contact competition rather than a points-based tournament. Kinoko stacked the card in hopes of embarrassing Bass, but at the end of the event, Bass was undefeated and Kinoko was furious. 

During the event, Bass was noticed by another individual, a rather well-connected executive, who offered Bass a position in his department if the minotaur would agree to do some training. Tenor was not the type to turn down good offers, and he took the chance, only to find that Kinoko had been promoted over the man who selected Bass for the position. 

Irritating, to say the least. 

This is where I’ll reveal that the “department” was an internal MCT shadow crew and Kinoko is an utter dreksack who keeps sending Bass (and any team he’s on) into the worst drekstorms. 

Take that as a warning if you take some support work with Bass. He’s a solid guy for a company minotaur, but you’ll likely be catching drek from Kinoko if you get chummy. 

Tenor “Drop Bass” Mercato metatype: Troll (MINOTAUR) 

**==> picture [192 x 46] intentionally omitted <==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>9(+2) 5(8) 4(8) 9(12) 5 2 3 2 3 0.1<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>17 11/2 A1/I3 17/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**Skills:** Athletics 4, Close Combat 6 (Unarmed Combat +2), Influence 2, Perception 4, Stealth 3 

**Qualities:** Built Tough (4), Thermographic Vision 

**Augmentations:** Bone lacing (aluminum, alphaware), dermal plating 3, muscle replacement 3, reaction enhancers 3, simrig, wired reflexes 1 

**Gear:** Armor vest (w/ electricity resistance 2, fire resistance 2), commlink (DR 4), fake SIN [rating 4; licenses: augmentations], shock gloves 

**Weapons:** 

Area Viper Slivergun [Heavy Pistol, DV 4P(f), SA/BF, 12/8/6/—/—, 30(c), w/ integral silencer]
