---
id: KC-0233
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The Corps
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Corps

The megacorps, with their wageslave deckers and bootlicking hires from the shadows, are a given when it comes to making a list of interested parties. The Kechibi Code is essentially a financial nuke that the corps can deploy against their competition and drive up their own stock values, so of _course_ they want it. If you live in the Sixth World and you’re paying attention to anything that’s happening in it, you know that the corps love profit more than kids love NERPS. But I wasn’t invited to the datahaven to lecture you on some drek that you already know, so I’ll cut to the info that’s _actually useful_ here.

The other thing to remember is that the corps are made up of people, and people with big, powerful weapons aren’t always the most coherent or cooperative. It’s not like corporate executives are promoted because of their ability to work together. If a corp manages to get its slimy paws on the code, there will probably be a period of time when it’s actually in the control of a particular department head or manager who doesn’t want to share, and who is looking to either make it big or get a bonus so large they never need to work again. One way to bring down an organization is to give something incredibly valuable to just one part of the whole, and then watch infighting destroy your enemy. Some corps with strong leadership or work ethic might be able to put the code to use right away, while others will need to sort out the internal knife-fight before it can be used on the outside. This might already be happening, and the internal confusion might mean that the corp is still actively pursuing the code, not knowing that someone in its labs may already have it. This might even be deliberate, if one manager can’t convince another to release the code to the rest of the organization.

- Internal politics are the most backstabbing, treacherous sort, and sometimes the most lethal. I never understand how people can work in an environment where they are one sign of weakness away from being tossed on the street, but I’m glad I’m out of it now.

- Calcutta-Honshu-Aloha

**>** All that internal friction makes it pretty leaky, but if you have good contacts, you can hear about a lot of this sort of stuff before it spills out into the public domain.

**>** Bull
