---
id: KC-0245
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Grid Overwatch Division
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grid Overwatch Division

This should be obvious, right? Much to their chagrin, GOD isn’t automatically alerted when the Kechibi Code is used, but they’re primed to crack down on its users every time they get the slightest whiff. So of _course_ they’re on the hunt for the Code. But what’s _not_ as apparent is that they actually intend to use it instead of just locking it down. GOD has been trying to capture some copies of the Code to dissect it, figure out what makes it tick, and reverse-engineer some kind of counter to it that they’ll be able to deploy against it when they see it being used. This doesn’t seem too likely to bear fruit, but imagine if GOD could create (and license) IC that could predict when and where hackers will turn up, how much force to deploy, or even if they could create firewalls that predict and adapt to a hacker’s attacks. I know, the code seems to mostly apply to financial stuff, but in the Matrix, there isn’t all that much difference between the numbers that make up a security program and the numbers that make up a financial analysis program. Even if they can’t get it to be hyper-specific like that, they would definitely be able to tell which servers held the most valuable information.

Maybe it would be good if they got their paws on it, if they could put something in the code that could stop it running. Personally, I suspect that the people chasing the code are just as keen to keep GOD out of it as they are to get their own hands on it.

It’s also weird that GOD haven’t been able to lay their hands on a copy yet. They have access to almost everything, right? I suspect one (or more!) of three things is happening. It could be that the code is somehow almost invisible to GOD when it runs, it could be that there is someone (maybe even someone within GOD) who is keeping it out of their hands deliberately, or maybe they actually _do_ have it and are right now chasing down everyone else that has it in order to hand them a hoop-whipping that’ll get heard in Antarctica.

- Maybe they already have it but don’t know what they’ve got. Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve seen someone chase their own tails.

- **>** Netcat
