---
id: KC-0248
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Mafia
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mafia

One of the most established and resilient syndicates around, Mafiosi haven’t lived this long by being slow on the uptake. From running numbers to fixing boxing fights to getting protection for neighborhoods, the mob has always been about the money. They may not be as online or technologically connected as their rivals, but there is still a deep and experienced group of hackers and extortionists within their ranks that would put an algorithm like this to very good use. In fact, some of the first people to find out about the code were deep in the pockets of the Mafia, so it wasn’t long before they had a pretty good idea of what was out there. That said, they aren’t rushing in, they have learned lessons from the gang wars of the past few decades, and they seem content to follow everyone else.

What does this mean for you? It means that they will pay (in cash or favors) if you tell them what you’ve seen when you’ve encountered the code, and when you’ve encountered people who are looking for the code. They are definitely positioning themselves to swoop in on any juicy pigeon who gets a copy, but they seem unwilling to throw their foot soldiers into the meat-grinder based on sketchy information.

Perhaps the thing holding them back is the fight that will ensue when one of the families gets the code, as the last thing they need is another devastating intra-mob fight. It might be better to leave the code alone and survive on graft and extortion, rather than to disturb the balance of the families. Of course, if one family gets their hands on it, they could rise to the top on a tidal wave of money. It could be a wild ride, but if I was to bet on it, I’d say they’d do a lot better staying out of it and letting everyone else tear strips off each other to get it.

You’ll probably be able to tell if and when the Mafia gets their hands on it. Everyone knows the mob hangouts, and if they suddenly go upmarket, or there is an upswing of street violence, you could make an educated guess as to what’s happened. Who knows, if they make enough money, maybe you’ll start to get gangland cities where the mob outpace and outspend the megas. I don’t know what would be worse, a mob-run Jersey city or the current megacorp-run New York.

- I guess lots of runners have taken some jobs with the Mob, as they usually pay well. They normally value silence, so it probably makes sense to keep schtum around them about this.

- **>** Neon Fireball
