---
id: KC-0187
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Mikesh'
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Mikesh

I’m going to provide you with some solid data regarding a nibble I noticed when Rikki mentioned Ai He Feng. As I catalogue dracoforms and their whereabouts, it is not uncommon for me to turn up links to people who work for the wyrms. Ai He Feng works for one—at least, that is my belief. Ai is originally from the Hubei prefecture territory and has no real history to speak of, mostly because the area is still dotted with rural communities that never fully recovered after the VITAS outbreaks. Ai is an elf with an unnaturally fair complexion and the youthful look many of his metatype possess. His eyes stand out even though he tries to hide them, as their natural color is an umber-orange, which is only accentuated by his bamboo-green hair. I believe he is likely a child of SURGE from the ’60s.

He possesses a very sharp, data-driven mind. His ability to manage complex mathematical equations allows him to excel not only as a data-analyst but also as a financial auditor who works for no one in particular. He gets loaned out to work with a variety of smaller but well-established organizations. Last year, he helped the Red Dragon Triad audit their entire financial holdings in less than a month. That is enough to cement his reputation for a few years to come.

He crossed my browsing application while I was attempting to track down sightings and displays of the dragon Fucanglong. Aside from data that had been retrieved by the Draconic Information Virtual Exchange (DIVE), I found a number of financial exchanges happening in the wake of each appearance of “the Old Man of Xi’an” or of Fucanglong himself. Most of those were overseen or directly managed by Ai He Feng. I found subtler methods of reaching out to communicate with Ai directly, something I’m working on in light of my current lifestyle. He turned down most of them, but there were a few virtual sessions in which he spoke with me. It seems he handles affairs with items or bequeathments that originate from the times of sightings or encounters with the Old Man or Fucanglong.

If Ai isn’t working with Fucanglong directly, then he’s working for someone who is keeping an eye on draconic interaction. If he’s on loan from Red Dragon Triad to the 14K—neither of which he is tied to by family or debt—then whoever he really works for has gotten a strong whiff of what is shaping up and does not want to let it go.

- I think an agent like Ai is along the lines of people Lung has serving him. His network is truly vast.

- Winterhawk

- That cannot be overlooked. I wonder how having the Yellow Master traipsing into Sharon’s backyard would play out.

- **>** /dev/grrl

- Not well.

- Orange Queen
