---
id: KC-0169
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Where the Trail Leads
page: 66
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Where the Trail Leads

As they perform their investigation, here are the clear facts the runners should be able to uncover:

- Eniola Okoro gained a large fortune through the market manipulations of the Kechibi Code.

- Okoro obtained the code from the now-deceased Code Eco.

- If there is anything illicit about how Okoro got her money, the powers of Lagos would like that uncovered, and they’d like to see Okoro stripped of her fortune. Unfortunately for them, the use of the code is currently a legal grey area, not an outright crime. At least, not yet.

- Okoro set up a new hawala named Ayeowo with some of her fortune in a disruption to Lagos’ economic system.

- Okoro and some of her associates have copies of the Kechibi Code, but they are decaying and not usable (see **Decaying Kechibi Code** sidebar, p. 52).

The runners then decide what to do with this info. Do they want to try to sell Okoro out to the corps? Help cover up what she did?

Beyond those key points, here are some mysteries remaining or trails the runners might be able to follow after they finish their primary investigation:

- Code Eco provided the Kechibi Code to Okoro, but why? There should be hints that he was acting on instructions from people who want to disrupt existing markets. For some thoughts on who might ultimately be responsible for generating and disseminating the code, see the Architects of a New Age chapter (p. 146).

- Code Eco’s death during this tumultuous moment can’t help but seem like something more than a coincidence. Did the people who gave him the code take him out to cover the tracks? Was he killed by the same people pursuing Eniola Okoro? The gamemaster can develop an answer that pushes the runners to new jobs.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: THE KECHIBI CODE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
