---
id: KC-0250
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Yakuza
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Yakuza

We all know ’em, and odds are, we’ve probably all crossed paths with ’em. The Yakuza are one of the largest and most powerful syndicates in the Sixth World, and they have their hands in the dealings of a number of different corps. Hell, MCT is their biggest money laundering operation—so, to a degree, Yak interests are megacorporate interests. However, the Yakuza of today are _not_ the Yakuza of ten years ago. There’s no more “oyabun of oyabuns,” and the Yaks are back to being decentralized (at least generally; there are still families united under the banners of clans, but the central Yakuza authority is a thing of the past). The families that had the biggest stake in the corps have actually gone legit, and now they’re just running

shady business practices as opposed to honest-toghost organized crime.

The Yakuza are a little unusual compared to the rest of the groups in this section; since their code stipulates that they can only prey on willing victims, it’s unlikely for the broad majority of Yakuza families to use the Kechibi Code in direct attacks against rivals. But there are a few families remaining, such as Honjowara-gumi or Korogai-gumi, who don’t mind pushing aside some of their honor for a quick way to make a lot of nuyen.

While most syndicates are run like businesses, as I’ve already said, the Yakuza take that to an entirely different level. An important position in the Yakuza hierarchy are the Shingin, the accountants who track their investments and perform financial projections. From what I have been hearing, they are really concerned that the code could negatively impact any investments they have made. Now, the Kechibi Code could help the Yakuza who still work the Sokaiya racket by helping to identify companies that are ripe for takeover, and key employees within those companies over whom they can gain leverage. The racket involves disrupting a business, buying up a significant portion of shares, and then using that influence to strongarm management. And while the Yakuza have denounced the practice, you can bet that the Fujiwara-gumi and a few other clans are still engaged in it.

- It’s really hard to feel bad for the corporations that get hit with the Sokaiya rackets. The executives get what they deserve.

- Borderline

- Sure. The executives are raking in piles of money at the expense of workers, but this sort of racket has a ripple effect. You often see them influencing corps to launder money or influencing the execs to maximize profits in specific areas. This burden always trickles down and really never hurts those execs. So the main reason that the Yakuza denounced Sokaiya is based on their code of Ninjo, which is centered on sympathy for the plight of others, and the corp treatment of their wageslaves plays into that.

- Baka Dabora

Another power play I’ve seen showing up in paydata is two cases where one of the Shategashira reportedly uses the code to usurp the Wakagashira. The Shategashira are the local lieutenants who act as a regional boss and lead part of the organization. The Wakagashira are the right hand of the Oyabun of the clan and are second-in-command. The first example was in Manhattan with the Toki-gumi, and the second case occurred a month later in the Honjowara-gumi in Philadelphia. These could be just stories to scare the Wakagashira, or these could be a real trend that we might see growing in the next few months.
