---
id: KC-0073
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: 'Bungo: Why?'
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## _Bungo:_ Why?

_Jalky:_ Well, it takes two things to be an insider, doesn’t it? Everyone knows you, and at least some of them like you. That second part is what he’s missing.

_Bungo:_ Why don’t people like him?

_Jalky:_ They don’t actively _dis_ like him. They’re indifferent. He makes no impression. He plays negotiations straight—no tricks or maneuvers. He pays like he’s supposed to, but always a day or two late. Sometimes he takes a percentage off for fees or penalties, but when runners complain, he pays most or all of it back. He’s not especially kind and not especially mean. He just seems like a functionary.

_Bungo:_ It can be hard to be that boring.

_Jalky:_ Right, which means there’s a good chance he’s doing it on purpose.

_Jalky:_ You have it. He’s a lifelong outsider. And that’s probably because of who is paying him.

_Bungo:_ But we don’t know who that is.

_Jalky:_ And aren’t likely to know, as Johnsons don’t advertise that.

_Bungo:_ So what do we actually know?

_Jalky:_ We know a crew that Mr. Johnson has trusted lately, who has done some more special projects for him, and who might be on the leading edge of what he’s up to now.

_Bungo:_ Ah. We should probably put eyes on them.

_Jalky:_ Drones and spirits on their way.

(Recording paused for 2 hours, 32 minutes; recommences in streets of Scotsprawl) (Voices of Bungo, Jalky, and Eligius are heard but they are not present in recording; they are watching remotely)

_Bungo:_ Good timing, then.

_Jalky:_ Aye. They’re out working already. In City Center, at night. Seem familiar? They’ll be hiding from us soon.

_Bungo_ : Have they seen the spirits yet?

_Eligius:_ If they have, they haven’t done anything about them yet.

_Bungo:_ Then you’re going to need to tell the drone where to go once they’re out of sight.

_Bungo:_ Hmmm. What did you do for him?

_Eligius:_ Of course.



_Jalky:_ Ten nuyen says they end up at the Royal Bank.

_Bungo:_ I’m not betting against that.

_Eligius:_ They’ll have to be good. The Royal Bank has better astral security than the Bank of Scotland. Reshaping a wall will not work for them.

_Bungo:_ I’ll be interested in seeing what they do. Could be some good tips.

_Jalky:_ If they were good, they wouldn’t be letting us spy on them this long.

**>** Hey, this is for all the kids watching at home: Whenever a job seems too easy, ask why it’s working that way.

_Bungo:_ Drek. They knew they were there all along. They let us watch.

_Jalky:_ They wanted us to know what they were doing. And how they were doing it.

_Bungo:_ They were showing off. And now they’re in there.

_Jalky:_ We have got to find a way to talk to these people.

_Eligius:_ Well, we know what they look like …
