---
id: KC-0111
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Behind the Scenes
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Behind the Scenes

The fact that Okoro is usually here means her commlink also tends to be here. On the commlink is an encrypted message from Code Eco to Okoro with an attachment called “Kechibi Code.” The attachment has been deleted from the commlink, but the message is still present and offers basic directions on how to use the program (pretty much load it and link it to a market investmentaccount). This message was forwarded to Bintana with the attachment before it was deleted from this system. Okoro’s commlink also has a spreadsheet showing her estimated current net worth (over a billion nuyen), a massive collection of paydata on corporate corruption usable as blackmail, detailed case files that would be valuable to corporate defense lawyers, as well as notes on contracts and operations she has farmed out to Collins Law and Earthguard. She also has an RFID tracking code for Code Eco on her link.

Okoro is usually here, along with her security. She has four bodyguards in plain sight (use Mafia Soldato, p. 207, _SR6_ ; remove armor clothing, add armor jacket, AK-97), but her mother, a member of the Daughters of Yemaja, has provided some hidden protection for her daughter. Yendra is a longtime friend and member of the Daughters of Yemaja (use Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ ; remove full body armor, add armor vest) who now protects Okoro on the sly. She is joined by Castra (use Yakuza Blademaster, p. 207, _SR6_ ) and Elenik (use Cutters Data Harvester, p. 205, _SR6_ ).
