---
id: KC-0262
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Snubbed Horizon Exec
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Snubbed Horizon Exec

When your company is known for its internal algorithm ranking system and for making all the important decisions, finding out there is an algorithm that can manipulate other systems seems like a fantastic quick way to climb the corporate ladder. So if you don’t know, they have P2.0 for their ranking system and social media solution. They have that for their internal politics as well called Consensus 2.0. It helps deal with promotions and

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: THE KECHIBI CODE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

THEmaking decisions, and it does so by using tons of employee data and ethics guardrails.

So it’s funny to see Two Minds mentioned in the _Collapsing Now_ drop, because it looks like their PR manager is currently looking to get their hands on the Kechibi Code. The rumors I am hearing is that the stunt to bring in another sexy Monad for some tension to the band didn’t pan out the way Julie Lawdmore had hoped, and now she is finding out that she is being cut out of decisions.

- Wait, you’ve **already** been crawling the datahaven looking to confirm rumors? Didn’t you just get here?

- Orbital DK

- Uh, wouldn’t you do the same if you were suddenly given access to one of the most prolific datahavens on the ’trix? Come on, this is a serious privilege. Give the kid a break.

- Netcat

So how did she find out about the code? My sources point toward her learning about it from Bryan Pyle. He likes some of her new ideas, but they just aren’t getting traction with leadership, so something drastic needs to happen. She is paying for teams to hunt down the code and do a data retrieval on it, but the payouts are small-time. Whether she plans to use it to climb the ladder or take Horizon down from the inside is an open question. But I don’t think I want to be anywhere near or associated with Ms. Lawdmore when this all goes down.

- Ooh. You still have her commcode? I think I’d like to talk to her.

- **>** /dev/grrl

- I’ll caution you that I declined the job for a reason, but … you know how to run the basic Matrix searches on people. Finding her won’t be that hard. Knock yourself out.

- **>** Vip3r

Now that’s not the only job opportunity here. Her current rival just happens to be her former lover, Kale Logan, and he is the one designing her fall. Evidently there was a terrible rumor floating around through Consensus 2.0 that she was cheating on Kale and that it was outside the megacorp. These terrible rumors started to tank her score. Now does it really matter that the rumors were true? But really there are some opportunities to either help out Julie or help out Kale and make some nuyen.

- Oh yeah. This is all being orchestrated. Mr. Logan has been spending a lot of time over at the Charisma Associates building in downtown over the last two months. This is all to set Julie up to fall and allow him to climb the ladder.

- Sunshine

**>** He set Ms. Lawdmore up to cheat on him?

**>** /dev/grrl

- Absolutely. The amount of data on your romantic life that CA has is scary. They put a great match for Julie repeatedly in front of her, and they picked about the worst possible person for her career. It’s absolutely been planned out.

- Sunshine

- Okay. I really do need her number.

- /dev/grrl
