---
id: KC-0204
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: '> Fianchetto'
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Fianchetto

- Hey, I’d rather work with the KE forces than be caught between Svyatoslav Demyan and Hai Chun Kwok. Those two hate each other with a passion, and Demyan has managed to use the pain and hate stirred up by Middle Kingdom’s earlier actions to garner sympathy and members into his house. The estimates of their numbers earlier are low if you consider sympathizers, which could easily double or even triple that.

- Mihoshi Oni

- Really? Who’d imagine anyone having sympathy for the Vory?

- Red Anya

- Yeah, how is Svyatoslav pulling this off exactly? He doesn’t seem to have any kinship or association with the Red Vory from further north. And at the same time, there is no real animosity between them. I’ve even seen members of the Red Vory in Hong Kong’s Sha Tin district without any real reprisals.

- Kane

- I’m not sure, but one rumor I heard was that Svyatoslav comes from old-blood KGB roots, which are the progenitors of the Vory



(depending on which history path you follow). Could be that’s how. But it was only a story over shots. **>** Red Anya

Middle Kingdom Security’s most significant weakness is maritime assets, but not to worry, the HKFEZ still has a sizable maritime security port. Known as the Maritime Guard, the installation remains in Tolo Harbor and is supervised by Ares and Evo, something that has not changed in the decades since it was given structure. Ares has stepped back a bit, due in part to the shakeups at the top and events in Detroit. Evo has more than happily picked up the slack and has even gone so far as to hire SSU 221 as instructors and trainers, a detail that has ruffled a few feathers elsewhere. The efficiency and upkeep of their hardware, from vehicles to vessels to virtually everything else, has seen sizable upticks.

- I have an insider who says that Mitsuhama’s representative on the Governor’s Council is trying to work the body politic into a panic regarding Evo bringing in SSU 221. The IMA may continue to keep their charter, but MCT has problems with another mercenary group they can’t control being involved in the HKFEZ.

- **>** Fianchetto
