---
id: KC-0157
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Physical Location
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Physical Location

Code Eco’s headware drive is in the possession of one of the Tamanous sects in the city. While they operate as a rather twisted syndicate, in Lagos they have small, somewhat competitive little sects. This one is located in the Ajegunle slums on the south side of Lagos. From here, they patrol and scour the waters of the intercoastal waterway for “materials.” Their office is located on a houseboat that rarely moves from the end of a thirty-meter pier (but is capable of doing so). The headware drive is on the boat. The rest of the pier has other Tamanous boats, a total of twenty, moored up. Most are small dinghies, but four of them are larger and have living space for members of this sect.

The houseboat is 23 meters long with an 18-meter main cabin area and a pair of 2.5-meter encloseddeck areas fore and aft. The aft deck area has a spiral stair to the upper sundeck, while the foredeck has a standard stairwell to reach the partially covered sundeck. Inside the cabin is a small sitting area and helm station near the front; after that is the galley. Behind that are a pair of small halls and stairwells that lead down to two queen-bed-sized berths that are currently converted to storage. Beyond that are two more similar-sized berths located directly above the converted berths, each with a small bathroom (head). The last section before the aft deck is a larger cabin with a queen-sized bed, a small desk, and a small closet. The houseboat has four wireless cameras that feed their images back to the commlink of Kalizny Okengeje.
