---
id: KC-0303
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Payday Possibilities
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Payday Possibilities

The five clients Mr. Johnson presents are Novatech, Renraku, Aztechnology, the St. Louis government, and Horizon. Details for each are covered in their individual sections, but it should be mentioned here that each meeting is going to kick off events from other parties, namely the activation of a shadowrunner team coming after the paydata or looking to stop the runners from making a deal. This is intended to keep the fire under the runners to get these meetings done and get this hot potato out of their hands.

Behind the scenes, the Sea Dragon also leaks data on the presence of the Kechibi Code to a few key sources in the city that the runners are not being contracted to contact. These forces will be watching rivals and start to work against the characters shortly after each is contacted for a sale of the paydata. The opposition organizations consist of the Atlantean Foundation, the St. Louis mob, Mitsuhama, Ares, and Ghostwalker. This last is a risky power move being made by one dragon against another, using the runners as pieces in a dangerous game. Each of these organizations will hire a different team of runners who can and will come after the runners with a variety of techniques and tricks and differing levels of talent. It all comes down to a chaotic romp through the foundling free city of Independent St. Louis that could very well shape the future of this border nation and trade hub.

If the PCs refuse to do any of the side jobs, the beneficiary of that job will not make an offer on the code. They will make a second attempt to reach out to the characters after a day, offering the maximum available on the Negotiations test to perform the side job. If the characters refuse again, the contact will assume they don’t have the paydata.
