---
id: KC-0244
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The Bit Player
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Bit Player

They’re barely a blip on the corporate radar, yet Pantheon Industries’ name has been popping up behind the scenes a _lot_ in regards to the code. A bit of an upstart based out of Detroit (or Motor City, whichever), Pantheon specializes in some of the best and most efficient software currently on the market (much to the AAAs’ surprise). They’ve been paying out money for information on the code that is _way_ above what one would expect of a company their size. Now, paying for such information is typical for any corp, no matter the size. But what sets Pantheon apart from all the rest is what they’ve been doing with the information and all things related to it.

How, you may ask? Well, aside from the usual trying to get the code for themselves, they’ve also been quietly (often through multiple proxies) assisting those looking to keep the code out of certain hands; namely, other corps. From what data I’ve gathered, they’ve helped teams and individuals stay ahead of the corps or GOD-squads, and in some cases financed relocations and what amounts to witness protection. And that’s only some of the stuff I’ve been able to verify. Still, it’s fragging insane to see how they’re already punching way above their weight class.

- Oh, Pantheon, you really think this is worth letting your little secret out? Must be, because I’ve never seen anyone work so, **so** much to preserve the code in its purest and unblemished form. What is it that you hope to gain? Do you see this as another means of profit?

- **>** Puck

- Care to share with the rest of the class?

- Netcat

- Don’t bother, he’s initiated a security lock-down on his account. Again. I really hate it when he does that.

- **>** Glitch

- So, when did Puck become the Matrix version of Many-Names?

- **>** Slamm-0!

- I don’t know, but Pantheon has been busy. I’ve been talking to a few associates who’ve been taking jobs with someone they suspect (but don’t know) is Pantheon. Lots of different accounts, but my personal favorite is the one where some wiz hackers actually kept a GOD response team at bay, allowing them to successfully avoid convergence. Who the frag has the skills and the tech to be able to pull that off?

- Pistons

- Those who understand the Matrix far more than we do.

- Polaris

- *SIGH* Not you too …

- Orbital DK
