---
id: KC-0040
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: 'So What? - Posted by: Mr. Bonds'
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## So What?

## Posted by: Mr. Bonds

What does all this add up to? Simply put, the power of a single entity to manipulate the world is greater than it has ever been. Small-scale manipulation, such as artificially inflating or dropping a stock price, has been possible for years. It’s not only possible, but it happens so often that efforts often cancel each other out. Before almost any merger, efforts by some parties to artificially raise the price fight with those trying to drop it, with the end result of little actual movement in either direction. If you want to have an effect, you have to raise your game, but doing so is entirely possible. The Matrix helps determine what we see and what we think about, thus playing a significant role in how we act. When you select what eyes are looking at which information, you can shape reality—if law enforcement or government regulators see certain pieces of information, the entire climate surrounding select actions can change.

All of the information here points at ways to do massive amounts of manipulation without leaving the comfort of the Matrix. If people in power figure out how to do this, we’ll be in for a rough time. If people _out_ of power figure out how to do this—well, the megas might have to worry a little more about us.

- In case you never read the EULA, you can only sue Ares Arms for product liability in Wilmington, Delaware, under Delaware law. They probably would have just said Ares law, but it would be too suspicious, and Delaware law remains the most corporatefriendly outside of the megas’ own laws themselves.

- **>** Dr. Spin

- The utility cannot be underestimated when contracts and laws like the Business Recognition Accords need to be acknowledged and followed by third parties anywhere in the world. States and state sovereignty create not just the illusion of legitimacy, but actual legitimacy and impartiality (horizontally). These legal systems also presume that the average citizen is of equal legal standing to Saeder-Krupp, which is delusional in any rational system.

- DangerSensei
