---
id: KC-0158
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Encounters
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Encounters

This pier can have anywhere from two to thirty members of this Tamanous sect (use Mafia Soldato, p. 207, _SR6_ ; add AK-97 w/ 2 magazines) on it depending on the time and day of the week. In the evenings, there are twenty members who sleep on the various boats, with four currently living on the houseboat. During the day, the pier usually has four members fixing boats, cleaning gear, or prepping finds along the dock. At least one of them is usually on or near the houseboat. Between 0700 and 0800, all thirty members are usually around the area waiting to head out, and most return between 1700 and 1800, with ten members active around the clock out on the water or dropping off finds. Guests are not welcome, and these guys have few reservations resorting to violence, though usually with non-lethal rounds so they can deliver fresh meat to their Asamando connections. The pier is a gory mess, because they frequently clean and prepare subjects right on the dock.

The waters around this dock are teeming with life. Crocodiles are prolific here, with all the runoff drawing plenty of prey to the area. Sect members occasionally toss a bit of meat to the crocodiles, but not often—the meat is valuable.

Kalizny Okengeje is the leader of the local sect and the one currently putting the most effort into gaining access to Code Eco’s headware. He is usually on the houseboat. When he is not there, he is on the pier, working on another boat. He rarely leaves the pier.
