---
id: KC-0070
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: 'Bungo: Right.'
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## _Bungo:_ Right.

_Jalky:_ And I’m here to listen in and help. And call this ugly slag names if I feel like it, since he canna hear me. Can you, ya cabbage-faced eejit?

_McTavish:_ I wasn’t askin’, so you’re agreement don’t mean anything.

_Bungo:_ Right. Sorry.

_McTavish:_ Now. For the record. I worked with Tyger before. I don’t anymore. I didn’t like his career path.

_Bungo:_ You know I have to ask you for more details about that.

_McTavish:_ So you’re asking why I made a break. You know our life. There are so many things we can’t control. So many choices we don’t have. But we have a key choice we make all the time. We say yes. Or we say no. Mr. Johnson comes, and he waves his money, and he says do this, and this iswhat you’ll get. And we say yes, or we say no. We say yes as a default, because we need money, but we all have things we will not do. Maybe we won’t do wetwork. Maybe we’ll only take jobs that will hurt a certain corp. Maybe we’re the damned fool who only takes jobs that will help the people society always stomps on. And of course, we don’t take jobs that stand a high chance of leaving us dead. Unless the pay is high enough. And sometimes not even then.

_Bungo:_ So what are you saying?

_McTavish:_ I’m saying that Tyger said yes when he should have said no. In my opinion.

_Bungo:_ You listed a lot of reasons we might say no to a job. Which was your reason when you split with Tyger?

_McTavish:_ I don’t know that you’ve earned the right to that answer.

_Jalky:_ Listen to me: Do _not_ ask him how to earn the right. He’s taking a measure of you right now. That means you need to show what kind of person you are rather than act like you need to dance to his tune. Touch your ear if you understand. Good

_Bungo:_ All right, if that’s the way it’s going to be, that’s okay. Your list about why to take jobs— the last one, where you mentioned jobs likely to leave you dead. Not all of those jobs are created equal. A job that one team might see as being likely to leave them dead might just be a nice payday for another because they can handle it. What you’re talking about is not just whether the job is too dangerous, but whether a team knows its capabilities. A team that underestimates itself will make its members poor. A team that overestimates itself will make its members dead. And I think you’re not going to attach yourself to someone who would do that.

_McTavish:_ Because I’m not a bloody eejit!

_Bungo:_ Because you’re not a bloody eejit. You knew Tyger was getting in over his head, you knew he wouldn’t know how to handle the situation, and you got out. And you’re smart, because I met Tyger, because I found him quickly, because I was tipped off. Other people will find him. Or already have. You avoided the right thing.
