---
id: KC-0017
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The Beast Unleashed
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Beast Unleashed

In 2059, Renraku let Deus take over the Seattle arcology, and in the process proved that AI exists, and that there was no turning back afterward. Not only did this establish that computer systems broke the intuition barrier that separated artificial systems and networks from natural ones, but it also established how pervasive these systems could be and were in practice. Additionally, it showed that computer programs had the capacity for long-term, surreptitious planning and strategy capabilities on par with metahumans and possibly dragons. (Indeed, the latter became a realization that has been used to program expert systems and direct AI as a means of competing against dragons—Lofwyr in particular.)

That wasn’t the only thing that happened in December 2059, however. The arcology shutdown coincided with the Lanier insider-trading scandal that nearly started a full-scale corporate war and was also preceded by the release of code that rewrote or erased extensive archives throughout Renraku’s global network and beyond to the Matrix at large. It has never been established if Deus was responsible, and it won’t ever be conclusively determined, but the confluence of events is a reflection of the ubiquity of automated systems and how little we actually control them. Forensic analysis of records, personnel, and other ephemera has made it clear that Deus was engaged in market trading before the shutdown, part of its work to make sure it could accomplish its goals.

This realization drew ire and fear among regulators, and it also raised paranoia in the megacorporations about the nature of automated trading in the broader scope of other automated networks. Ideas were thrown around, but making changes is challenging. Due to the inherent nature of the various exchanges, as well as how much automatALPHAed trading is done outside of those exchanges and markets (about sixty percent of all trading is done this way), rewriting these systems would be like rewriting the global GridGuide system without ever turning it off because you can’t implement changes in waves. Trying to do that would be a massive interference in competition and the fundamental workings of these corporations.

- Mr. Bonds makes a key point that I want to underline when he mentions “how much automated trading is done outside of those exchanges and markets (about sixty percent of all trading is done this way).” This is one reason regulating this type of trading is difficult—regulators don’t know where it’s happening, or it’s not happening in a place they can easily affect. This is a fun fact to accompany the point about money being an illusion—activities that have real effects on large economies are happening in ways and places we don’t really understand. But we feel the effects anyway.

**>** Sunshine
