---
id: KC-0136
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Ares Arms, Africa
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Arms, Africa

Cheap guns don’t make themselves. They require cheap labor, cheap materials, and cheap production facilities and processes. All of this means exploiting workers, buying materials made in unsustainable ways, and using facilities that may or may not be actually toxic (but the land is cheap!).

They’re targeted by Okoro because of the illnesses and chronic conditions crippling their workers due to the toxic air, water, and materials being used at their production plants. She has them dead to rights. They are one of the most vulnerable targets due to the ease of taking samples at their sites and linking the various toxic levels to the conditions in their workers. Not to mention the struggles they are dealing with globally, which is limiting the resources they can commit to a cover-up.

They are well-protected locally, especially at the street level, because plenty of those cheap guns end up in local hands after they fall off the back of a truck. The Area Boys and most of the hawalas are only as well-armed as they are because Ares arms Lagos. While everyone makes that (rather obvious) pun from their name, it does not appear on the surface that Ares is dropping weapons here, because the weapons they provide are always knock-offs of other models. Ares makes more AK-97s in Africa than Ares Predators, Alphas, and all their other designs combined. This makes their illegal street connection a little less obvious.

Any runners investigating this arms trafficking will have to deal with Area Boys hired to slow their progress or outright kill them. Worse, the Area Boys have no obvious connection to a megacorp and no sign that they are getting paid. Their activities will look like random occurrences until the runners look up a little higher at the power directing them, which is Kiniun, the hawala, who is likely to sell out Ares for their gunrunning efforts if under duress.
