---
id: KC-0213
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Guizhen II Technology - storm shield
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Guizhen II Technology

## storm shield

**==> picture [219 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
DV MODES ATTACK RATING AMMO AVAIL COST<br>12 (power<br>(6–10)S SS/SA 9/8/1/–/– 7(I) 6,000¥<br>cell)<br>pulse hammer<br>DV MODES ATTACK RATING AMMO AVAIL COST<br>12 (power<br>(6–10)S SS/SA/SUS 10/9/6/–/– 8(I) 12,000¥<br>cell)<br>hall of tears<br>DV MODES ATTACK RATING AMMO AVAIL COST<br>(8–10)S SS/SUS 12/9\*/–/–/– Unlimited 7(I) 15,000¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

\*Maximum range 10 meters

The Storm Shield unleashes damage in a cone extending away from the shield to the maximum range of DV x 5 in meters in a sixty-degree arc. The AR ratings are based upon Close, Near, and Medium ranges, and the DV starts at 10(S) and then drops by 2 points per category beyond Close.

The Pulse Hammer sends a tight beam approximately 10 centimeters in diameter toward the target. The beam will not cross ceramic, stone, glass, or insulated barriers with a Structure rating equal to or greater than the current DV rating at range. Its damage value is 10S at Near range, but drops to 8S at Close range and 6S at Medium range. The Pulse Hammer is capable of sending a sustained stream of particles to stack the effects and keep a target down (or just cook them outright). When in Sustained mode, the Pulse Hammer uses 2 charges from its power cell every combat round.

The Hall of Tears affects all targets within a room or corridor, up to 10 meters long by 5 meters wide by 5 meters high for a single system. The damage value is 10S within 3 meters of the emitter (Near range), but drops to 8S at Close range, to a maximum of 10 meters. As a permanent installation, it has unlimited charges as long as the building has power.

The GII technology inflicts physical damage to organic matter with repeated explosure. After the first attack, targets resist 10P damage at Near range or 6P at Close rangin, in addition to the base Stun damage. There is no risk of physical damage at Medium range.

Should two or more GII devices affect the same target, use the single highest DV plus 2 for each additional emitter.

Electronics and cyberware are shut down if the DV (adjusted for range) is equal to or greater than the rating of the device or implant. Monads have their usable Nanite Volume reduced by the DV for their range. Monads whose Nanite Volume is reduced to 0 or below are incapable of performing any of their abilities. Once they are no longer under the effect, their NV rebuilds at a rate of 1 per minute. This is a very disconcerting sensation and allows for a subverted personality, if there is one, to briefly resurface.
