---
id: KC-0077
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: (Recording paused for 300 hours, 8 minutes; recommences in basement apartment)
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## (Recording paused for 300 hours, 8 minutes; recommences in basement apartment)

_Bungo:_ Anyone who has significant holdings in Scotsprawl finances lost money today. Billions of nuyen. Stock prices down. Accounts closing by the thousands. People are going to the banks and storming it, like their damn money is actually in there. City Center is burning, people are running around all over the place, breaking windows, causing chaos. The cops are completely overmatched. The whole sprawl will be set back decades, maybe centuries. Why? Because they thought they were losing their money.

We did this. I don’t know how, but we did. All the steps led to here, and we were one of the steps. May ghost have mercy on our souls.

**>** So if you’re at all tuned into the news, you heard about this last part. It’s not clear what started it—a lot of stock prices dropped suddenly, but the reason for it is unclear, unless some of the prior activity (like the brief zeroing out of people’s accounts) left people jittery. Once it started, though, it snowballed quickly. Trading was suspended on most bank stocks in the region, which led to a panic. People started transferring capital out of Scottish banks at such a rapid pace that capital in the region froze. The Bank of Scotland regulates most of the local flow of nuyen, and they found themselves unable to act in any effective manner. Once it escalated to the point that people found they couldn’t access their money at all, panic and rioting set in. Decades, even centuries worth of resentment against big banks erupted onto the streets, and a lot of windows were broken and buildings set on fire. And people died, too—the death toll reached the hundreds by the time things finally calmed down.

Calm only came when the UK government lent a heavy hand to the region. Queen Caroline sympathized with the suffering in the area, but she was also unwilling to have any of her people suffer while they tried to fix things. So when the army came to town, they came shooting, letting rioters and looters (and a fair amount of innocent protestors) know that they were willing to pummel the Scotsprawl into submission.

At present, the sprawl is licking its wounds and assessing damage. The corps did what they do, which is scavenge in the wake of a disaster. Several homegrown corps were snatched up by the AAs and AAAs, and others have to face new competition as the megacorps will try to use this time of weakness to drive them entirely into the ground. The UK military and powers of London have a stronger show of force in the sprawl than they’ve had in decades, much to the annoyance of Scottish nationalists. Those nationalists are having to face the realization that their cause has perhaps been set back decades—the greatest economic engine of the region has been critically hobbled, andmany people both inside and outside of Scotland believe that the whole disaster showed that Scotland is not ready to stand on its own. While the UK military met with some of the resentment you’d expect, they also were far more welcomed than most observers believed was possible. Helping calm a disaster has that effect on people.

Now that the dust is starting to settle and the long work of rebuilding can start to be contemplated, there is one question at the core of the whole affair: What set this whole thing off? **>** Glitch

- So I have a question. In talking about McCann, they said he didn’t make friends because he kept operating against significant local powers, including political parties. I’m sure that includes the Greens and the New Druid Movement, but does it include the Scottish National Party?

- Chainmaker

  - Should they? Yes, this might reduce Scottish unrest, but they did tremendous damage to the Scottish economy, and that doesn’t really help the UK. That said, I’m at a loss as to who this **does** help.

  - Sunshine

  - Other banks. Watch carefully for anyone targeting the weakened banks for takeover.

  - Cosmo

  - We should all know that there are several parties in this world who play a long game, so this action might not tell us the end they’re after. It’s just the first step. And it might be as much about the tool used as the end result.

  - Plan 9

  - What do you mean by “the tool used”?

  - 0rkCE0

- Great question. Those of you familiar with the local political scene will know that the SNP faded into near-nothingness during the time of the Lord Protector. Scottish nationalism was replaced by resistance to the Lord Protector, so the larger national parties were able to co-opt the SNP and pull away their members. For a few elections, they did not win a single seat in the House of Commons.

But something about being ruled by a queen fires up Scottish nationalism, because the party is back and more politically savvy than ever. Their only firm position is Scottish independence; everything else is up for negotiation. They’ve joined every majority coalition for the past eight years, using their growing number of votes to extract concessions and take them step by step to where they want to go. Their power was growing in the Scotsprawl, so I imagine if McCann was bad at making friends there, he wasn’t helping the SNP. And if he had anything to do with this unrest, he is decidedly against them, because they just lost all the progress they had gained in the past decade.

- Kay St. Irregular

- Was that the goal? Hobbling Scottish nationalism?

- Traveler Jones

- That’s a distinct possibility. Which means eyes should immediately turn to the UK government.

- Fianchetto

- Look back at what Glitch said at the start of this section. When he talked about the stock prices dropping, he said “It’s not clear what started it.” **Something** did. That’s the tool—and it seems to be effective.

- Plan 9

- How about this Salem and Grimalkin? They seem high profile— anyone ever run into them?

- Traveler Jones

- Yeah. Salem’s exactly like he seems here—arrogant and highhanded. But it’s mainly misdirection. He habitually puts as many eyes as possible on him so the rest of the team can function in relative peace. He’s pretty good at it, and the rest of the team operates very smoothly, so they can usually pull off the job. They take in good nuyen, but they usually don’t do jobs for the Big Ten. They’re not really radicals, but they don’t seem to be big fans of the ruling classes, either.

- X-Prime

- Whoever they’re ultimately working for ranked higher than McCann, has plenty of cash to throw around, can keep several moving pieces coordinated, and can get clearances to just waltz into the Royal Bank of Scotland. In other words, whoever is behind this is playing in the big leagues.

- Chainmaker
