---
id: KC-0401
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: code decay table
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## code decay table

**==> picture [219 x 113] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
NET HITS INFORMATION LEARNED<br>1 It’s an algorithm that automates some Matrix tasks.<br>2 The algorithm connects to bank accounts.<br>It’s an algorithm for trading equities<br>3<br>such as stocks and bonds.<br>4 The algorithm also contains market analysis elements.<br>5 The algorithm has traces of Resonance weaved into it.<br>6 The algorithm also has traces of Dissonance weaved into it.<br>7 The focus of the algorithm seems to be finding prices that<br>can be sensitive to manipulation.<br>8 The algorithm has the type of code typically used by AIs.<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [612 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
ZONE<br>SCOTTISH<br>FRINGE TOXIC<br>ABERDEEN<br>scotland<br>EDINBURGH<br>DUNDEE<br>NORTHEAST TOXIC ZONE<br>SCOTSPRAWL<br>INVERNESS<br>ZONE<br>SCOTTISH<br>IRRADIATED<br>SCOTTISH WILD LANDS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

The power to shake cities, nations, even corporations is out there, contained in a compact code. What would you do if you could control it? Wield it? Or destroy it? Where would you direct the power? Who would you save, and who would you doom?

Shadowrunners are used to reacting and surviving. The larger choices, things like the flow of billions of nuyen, or shifts in the highest levels of power, are usually out of their grasp.

But not this time. What will you do if you finally manage to grab it?

**The Kechibi Code** is a plot sourcebook for **Shadowrun, Sixth World** .

CAT28302

catalystgamelabs.com I shadowruntabletop.com
