---
id: KC-0043
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Team leader is Bungo, a solidly built female ork.
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Team leader is Bungo, a solidly built female ork.

_Bungo:_ You’d better. There are far more cameras than people in the area right now. Might as well use them.

_Jalky:_ If you do it, I’ll see it, no worries. But you know I’ll not see any of the ghosts in the trees.

_Bungo:_ The spirits are Eligius’ concern. You don’t need to worry about it.

_Jalky:_ Just don’t forget they’re there.

_Bungo:_ Who do you think you’re talking to?

_Jalky_ : Drone one, online. Drone two, online. Drone three … come on, ya bastard. There she

_Jalky:_ Right, right, good. Waiting to see you move.


Eligius is a dwarf hermetic mage who often has a distracted air.


want the window on the far left and the one next to it. Bungo, look at it and don’t move, and I’ll show you where to work.

_Eligius:_ There is no money in this bank.

_Bungo:_ What?

_Eligius:_ This bank. It’s worth hundreds of billions of nuyen. Regulates currency. Do you know how much cash we’d find inside?

_Bungo:_ Nothing.

_Eligius: Nothing!_

_Jalky:_ Worried about your payday?

_Eligius_ : Not worried, no. It’s more about tradition. If you break into a bank, you should be able to walk out with a pile of cash. That’s the way it should be.

**>** If you don’t recognize the building, that’s the old Bank of Scotland building in the Edinburgh part of the Scotsprawl. Very few direct financial activities take place there. It’s corporate administration, which even further reduces their chances of finding anything close to money.

**>** Thorn

_Jalky:_ Old thinking, pal.

_Eligius:_ What?

_Jalky:_ Old thinking. You’re thinking of wealth as something you _take_ and then _have._ But the truth is that wealth is something you _cultivate_ and then _reap._

_Bungo:_ I see the area Jalky is tracing. Eligius, you can go a little under half a meter wide, a meter tall. No, not right in the middle. A little to the left. That works. Start making an opening.

_Jalky:_ We may miss having a troll on the team at some point, but not when you’re squeezing through this thing. That’s right, ya mad saint, keep pryin’ that hole open. Then leave some poor earth spirit to patch it up after.

_Bungo:_ What will we be walking into?

_Jalky:_ Office. Plain one. Won’t have what we want. We’ll have to go deeper, but we’ll be in. Every floor has two guards, so stay quiet when you move. In fact, now that you’re in, I can get a proper scan of the inside and … there they are! They’ll pass by your room in about twenty seconds. Be nice and quiet now. Eligius, tell your spirit to pause on fixing that hole. Just wait it out. Even I’ll shut up.
