---
id: KC-0260
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Others
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Others

It’s not just the big players here. While the details of the code are held pretty tightly, people talk, and rumors escape. Hundreds of people out there think they are on the trail of something nova-hot and don’t realize the furnace of corporate warfare that they are throwing themselves into. It’s making a dent in the conspiracy theory community as people find clues and obscure references, then work hard and get an actual scrap of a clue, or somehow stumble onto a server that looks like it’s running the code. If they are a normal person, they tell their friends what they’ve found, and hours later one (or more) corporate elite security teams are smashing down their door and dragging them into a pit.

As a side note, I know the commcodes of some reasonably reliable Johnsons who pay a bounty for information (if you have it), and also pay a bounty if you snitch someone who was bragging about it. Or said something vaguely related to it. Or has used a cyberdeck. Or who cut you off in the parking garage that one time ... Anyway, everyone is so eager for information that they aren’t always checking that a lead is good before following it up. Just be aware that they will want to tie off the loose ends eventually. That’s you. You are the loose end. On the upside, you could make quite the pile of money before they catch up with you, and isn’t that really the dream?

- Yeah, I’m not going to trust someone else’s Mr. Johnson to keep quiet about who I am—I barely trust my own Johnson with my fake ID!

- Neon Fireball
