---
id: KC-0153
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Physical Location
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Physical Location

The offices of Gaia Investments are located in Apapa near Eko Bridge leading from the sprawl of Lagos to Lagos Island. The location was chosen to provide proximity to Lagos’s corporate heart as well as decent access to the Matrix without the cost of being on the island itself. Their office sits on the second floor of a four-story building. The building also houses the offices of Okoro Earth Law on the fourth floor.

The building has a square footprint, twenty-two meters on each side. Each floor is broken down into four rental blocks with a pair of elevators, a stairwell, and central restrooms.

The first floor uses one block for a sitting area, one block for Ancient Artifacts, a company selling worthless knick-knacks (two desks and open floor storage), and two blocks for the offices of Agenye Medical Services, a small medical practice (waiting room, small office, eight examination rooms, one operating room, two small storage rooms).

Gaia Investments takes up two of the blocks on the second floor (two meeting rooms, four offices, four cubicles, small break room; all only partially finished), and are just now being constructed. The drywall is unfinished in places and very little has been painted. The office shows definite signs of being newly moved in. One of the other blocks is currently unoccupied, and the fourth holds the offices of Collins Law (one meeting room and six desk cubicles).

The third floor has been under remodeling for years and has become the home and hangout for local Area Boys. It has some repurposed sitting areas, entertainment items, and several makeshift bedrooms.



The fourth floor has two blocks used by Okoro Earth Law (waiting foyer, one meeting room, two offices, six cubicles), one empty block, and one block used as a communication and drone launching hub by CrashCart (comms room, workroom, drone storage and launch room).

All the exterior doors have Rating 2 mechanical locks. Most interior doors have Rating 3 mechanical locks. Agenye Medical and CrashCart offices use Rating 4 maglocks with keypads and unoccupied areas have Rating 1 mechanical locks. Mechanical locks, lighting, and elevators are not wireless.
