---
id: KC-0343
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The Classic Crew
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Classic Crew

- **Hired By:** O’Toole Mafia Family

- **Activated By:** Contact with Anderson Chapel

This isn’t a named team of runners. In fact, this team consists of two runners who know each other and three others coming onto the team for the first time. They are the Classic Crew because they consist of a typical face, street samurai, decker, rigger, and mage make-up. They are all hired by the O’Toole family of the St. Louis Mafia. The O’Toole family wants the code for themselves to grow their wealth and build their control over the city. The hiring of a makeshift team is representative of the mob’s current status in the city.

The team consists of Silver (face) and Sliver (street samurai) at its core. They know each other and have been running together for a few years. They are brought together with Milton (decker), Dust (rigger), and Term (mage) by the Mafia to create a well-rounded, though a little dysfunctional, shadowrunner team.

This team gets hired a full day after the characters meet Mr. Johnson because the O’Toole family is tipped off by the Sea Dragon. The Classic Crew doesn’t have a powerful intel network behind them so they start with watching Chapel and hacking into his systems to possibly get info on the characters. If they miss the character’s initial deal with Chapel they should catch the payoff message and ambush them.

If they catch the initial meeting, they will start track the runners from there. Milton will work on



locating a character commlink to track them in the Matrix. Dust will send drones to the area to tail them. Term will send spirits to follow them from the astral. Silver and Sliver will work on physical reconnaissance with standard tech once they get a location and can get in the vicinity of the characters.

This team of runners is not well coordinated, and each will try to be the one to get the best intel on the runners. They’re looking for who has the code; once they know it, that person will be their sole target. Silver will attempt to trick that character into meeting alone, bringing the team in for an ambush. If a solo meeting is a bust, they start following closer and looking for any opportunity to spring an ambush. If they can’t set up a good ambush, they will just attack them when they are in a place with limited security to interfere.

This team is the least experienced of the runner teams that will be interfering with the PCs. They attack directly and chaotically, with each one targeting whoever they think is the threat, the weakest, or just available. In the descriptions below, each member has some hints as to who or what type of character they go after first.
