---
id: KC-0272
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The Draco Foundation
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Draco Foundation

- What? Seriously? This is a bit, right?

- Slamm-0!

They may seem like an unlikely seeker in this whole hunt, but the Draco Foundation wants the code for its predictive analytic power. Given the dying desire of Dunklezahn to manipulate the future of the world, the Draco Foundation wants to see what extra power the code could give them. The Foundation’s initial bequest was quite large, and if they could leverage that pile of cash, they could potentially greatly increase their holdings, and thus their overall power. It would be a struggle—as soon as the other big corps notice what they are doing, there will be fire teams sent in to discourage them. So while it would be fun, using the code is probably off the table.

I don’t _think_ the big D would have predicted this particular thing, but maybe there is something inherent in the way that the Matrix works that means this sort of thing is inevitable. It’s also totally their style to act all mysterious, act behind the scenes, and try to pull off whatever arcane, obscure thing they think they need to do. Did you know that the foundation sometimes puts a freshly baked bun on a remote mountain-top? Why you would ever want to do that is beyond me.

I guess the other thing they could do with it is check Dunklezahn’s bequests and look for any patterns within them. Perhaps they could work out some over-arching goals he wanted them to achieve. This seems dangerous to me, if he wanted them to know all his secrets, he probably would have told them all his secrets. I’m not sure who’s really in charge over there at the moment, but whoever it is might have it in their head that they can outdo the ex-president at his own game.

I guess the only thing that is pure upside for them at the moment is that with all the attention being on the code, those mystical artifacts and other doodads the Foundation sometimes likes to track down are probably less guarded. I heard that there was a team that was off to retrieve a lucky coin of some sort, but I have no idea what that’s about, or what you might use it for. I bet it’s not something to use while gambling.

- Dunklezahn’s will gifted the four coins of luck to some carefully chosen people; each of the coins seems to bring long-term fortune and health. If the Foundation could get the code and one or more of the coins, they would be drowning in money.

- Bull

- Too bad that the DF has drifted more away from what the Big D would have wanted and become nothing more than a vehicle for those like Daviar to basically remake the foundation in her own image under the guise of “what Dunkelzahn would have wanted.”

- Arete



- The DF has been far from an effective entity for years now for just that reason. If they were to get a hold of the code, it could go a long way in making the DF something it hasn’t been in a long time: relevant.

- Icarus

- Also doesn’t help that Daviar and the rest of the board, whoever they are this month, keep slotting off potential allies. Take Arleesh, for example; the DF pretty much reneged on the promise in Big D’s will to help her whenever she asked, and that hasn’t gone unnoticed. Whatever game Daviar is playing, she better get on with it soon or get the frag out of the way for those to actually **do** something.

- Frosty
