---
id: KC-0242
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: AAs
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## AAs

While the AAAs are certainly aggressive in their pursuit of Kechibi, their efforts to obtain it are _nothing_ compared to the AAs, many of whom are desperate for an easy opportunity to ascend the

- Ha, who would’ve thought that last place would be so hotly contested?

- Slamm-0!

They also tend to be less arrogant—the AAAs might not expect an AA to get hold of the code, let alone be able to use it, but if it’s as powerful as early rumors suggest, it could send a huge shock through the whole corporate structure. Especially if they do something sneaky, like somehow become shareholders in a major corporate endeavor.

- If Maersk or Monobe gain an additional A, they won’t be sitting at the bottom. Their worth will jump them to the middle of the pack, making their gains a threat not just to Horizon at the bottom, but also to Wuxing, Shiawase, Ares, and Spinrad.

- Pyramid Watcher

- What about Evo?

- Orbital DK

- Evo is living in a different world right now. Their internal drama is pretty much the only thing keeping them from making a big jump with their new tech. Whether that jump is up the rankings or off the world ... no one knows. Although I do have some theories, of course. Firstly, what do you know about cryptozoology?

- Plan 9

- Anyway … Evo definitely knows more than they’re willing to let on, but my guess is that they’re hedging their bets and waiting to see how this shakes out.

- Icarus

While a chance to become the lowest-ranking AAA might not seem like much at face value, that extra A would grant the winner some serious benefits—namely, a seat on the Corporate Court, a share in Zurich-Orbital, and a _whole lot_ of credibility.

After a certain point, more money is just something extra to track, and what becomes valuable are power and influence. That ability to make or break corps and other groups could pour ice-water down the backs of the Corporate Court, and thepeople running most AAs are just the sort of power-hungry, influential up-and-comers that could make a calculated gamble to bring it all down and remake it according to their vision.

Use this knowledge to your advantage if an AA Mr. Johnson hires you to pursue Kechibi, and leverage the absolute _drek_ out of what they stand to gain.
