---
id: KC-0154
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Encounters
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Encounters

On site, the runners could run afoul of Area Boys, get questioned by CrashCart drones, get offered medical services if they look injured, make small talk with knick-knack peddlers, or encounter employees of Gaia Investments, Collins Law, or Okoro Earth Law.

Gaia Investments has a clerk (Andy Timson) at the front desk from 0900 to 1400 on weekdays. The office manager (Sarha Jones) is in at 0800 and usually leaves around 1800 most days of the week. On the weekends she often brings her three sons, Terek, Manka, and Shetsa, to help clean the office and hang out. The four agents who work for Bintana come in across four different shifts covering different world market regions: Europe/Africa: 0800 to 1800 [Eshra Imgabye: female ork, 26]; Americas: 0200 to 1200 [Archer Naskir: male human, 32]; Asia: 1200 to 2200 [Ellis Mason: female dwarf, 28]; Oceania/Japan: 1700 to 0300 [Darien Hinsdale: male human, 24]. They are in the office during the weekdays and most come in from 1000 to 1400 on the weekends for planning. They all have keys to access the building. Each uses a commlink provided by Gaia Investments (rating 4, w/ biometric lock) that is left on site in a locked cabinet (maglock rating 4, keypad) to do their work. None of these links have the Kechibi Code on them, but they each contain 500 nuyen worth of paydata of market analysis items. Only Archer Naskir has suspicions of what happened, and he’s been nosing around Bintana’s office in the wee hours each day to look for clues.

Bintana is in the office from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. on the weekdays and comes in from 7 a.m. to 10 a.m. on the weekends. She has a high-end commlink (rating 6, w/ biometric lock) that she uses for tracking everything in the office and with the business. She has owner access to all of the other company commlinks from her commlink. Whenever Bintana is in the office she has two bodyguards in the vicinity as personal protection (use Lone Star SWAT Officer, p. 207, _SR6_ ; replace full body armor [+7] w/ armor jacket [+4]).
