---
id: KC-0199
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Lion Rock and Wong Tai Sin Temple, Sha Tin to Kowloon City
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lion Rock and Wong Tai Sin Temple, Sha Tin to Kowloon City

The area encompassing Lion Rock and Sha Tin Pass is a massive conservancy, laced with aging foot and bicycle paths. Often a place for people to escape the concrete canyons of the rest of the HKFEZ during the day, by night the park is often closed to the public. This helps keep crime down, but within the area can also be found a number of old forest shrines to ancient gods of the Chinese mainland. Anyone within the conservancy area without permission is often ignored, as it has proven to not be worth the effort for police and security forces to keep track of everyone who likes to break the rules and venture in at night.

- As with similar features in many metroplexes that have similar features, Lion Rock is considered off-limits due to several Awakened interest groups and eco-friendly organizations active in preserving the area.

- Kia

- Within the conservancy area, near one of the access sites providing ventilation and drainage support for the Tate’s Cairn Highway tunnel that cuts through the mountain from north to south, there’s supposed to be a small collective of ghouls—though like so many such lairs, they go out of their way to remain unfound.

- Hannibelle



- There are more than a few Triad turf wars that get settled in the valleys of the Sha Tin Pass. Red Dragon Triad Incense Masters usually serve as judges in the disputes, and they allow judicial hearings to involve trial by martial combat.

- Lone Traveler

The urban areas of the Wong Tai neighborhood district play host to a variety of large older openspace buildings, many of which were warehousing and parking structures in the earlier part of the century. Today, many of those places are renovated facilities housing small production centers and vertical gardening centers. Kanabo and Eastern Tiger both have green production facilities on the southern edge of the district.

- Okay, I’m telling you all—Wong Tai Sins conservancy area has cats. Big cats! I saw one pacing near this guy last month; the thing had to be as big as its possible prey. Felt sorry for the dogs he had walking with him.
