---
id: KC-0366
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Hard Drive (dwarf, male, 24, silver hair, silver eyes, average build)
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hard Drive (dwarf, male, 24, silver hair, silver eyes, average build)

When you feel safe that your gear isn’t going to get hacked thanks to a top-notch tech team, you’re willing to put on some stuff you’d be terrified of having turned against you. Hard Drive loves every aspect of being a rigger. Feeling the car in a chase, watching unseen through the eyes of a gnat, keeping tabs on everything from on high, or dropping targets from range are all thrills. Sure, it means he never really specialized in anything specific, but he covers enough bases that the team loves him. On the personal side, he’s a bit smitten with Tara Pulse, but he gets her thing for CPU. Brains are hot!

During the early phases of the team’s mission, Hard Drive will send drones to watch the PCs from the sky while delivering his own team members to the various spots they need. He operates a pair of vans, one his HQ and the other a team transport and drone delivery. Once this team has a better feel for how the PCs operate, Hard Drive will send in the gnats and keep closer tabs on the characters, including audio and video spying. His goal is to gather and record anything incriminating for later use.

In a fight, Hard Drive sends up another drone to join his eyes in the sky, this one kitted with a high-powered rifle. Thanks to Tara’s influence, he tends to load gel rounds, which means PCs could get sniped and slammed with the old blueberry pancake from clouds.
