---
id: KC-0205
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Keeping It All Inside
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Keeping It All Inside

One very distinctive detail about the HKFEZ is the Wall. The Wall is a stark line that shows the boundary between the so-called New Territories of North District and Yuen Long, and it also helps to remind everyone it’s a violent world beyond the HKFEZ borders. Most of the border has a striking resemblance to a walled fortress, including a moat formed by the Shenzhen River for nearly half the length before cutting across the HKFEZ border to the Starling Inlet and the Crooked Harbor. The border is one of the hottest areas, as the HKFEZ tries to restrict subversive entry into the area while the Canton Confederation sites on the other side of the border show off all of their own lights and riverside docks. It’s worth noting that the HKFEZ side of the Shenzhen River has no docks, ports, parks, or other similar landscapes, save for a passenger and light-rail system shuttling peoples along the course to various border-crossing areas. And while the HKFEZ side of the river is kept pristine, its odd lack of metahumanity is a constant reminder of the division that continues to this day.

Smuggling across this border occurs, though the majority of it is done through small movements. There is a large rail intersection at Lo Wu station in the Northern District and Lok Ma Chau staSMALLtion in Yuen Long district that serves as customs areas for people who are traveling by light rail into the interior of the continent as well as into the HKFEZ. The border is patrolled by Knight Errant on both sides, with Canton Coast Guard units patrolling the waters of the Shenzhen River. One might believe this is a tight fit, but tales persist of Canton Confederation aiding smugglers of troublesome items and persons into the HKFEZ, a fact that leaves Knight Errant in a near-constant state of frustration.

- The smuggling continues, though the Canton Confederation isn’t pursuing this nationally. Some agencies have struck deals with many of their Coast Guard patrol chiefs, many of whom enjoy finding ways to make life difficult for the HKFEZ and don’t mind irritating KE’s people at the same time. Some of the more popular items for smuggling are illegal spices that often are merely neutral reagents helping to hide drugs of all kinds.

**>** Ma’Fan

**>** Recently, several KE squads and Coast Guard vessels encountered repeated electronic failure, with a few of the ships being bricked entirely. They never found the cause, and reports from both parties indicate that there was never once any sign of hacking or magical interference. The boats and KE’s vehicles seemed to start right back up after maybe ten minutes or so— more than enough time for someone to sneak past them.

**>** Jimmy No

- Oh, really? Interesting, given what else we’ve learned is happening in Hong Kong of late.

- Clockwork
