---
id: KC-0298
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Post-Freedom Politics
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Post-Freedom Politics

The new government is set up similarly to the CAS and UCAS, with three branches: legislative, judicial, and executive. The legislative branch consists of the District Senate, with two representatives from each district, and the District Commons, with representation based on the population. The Commons counts corporate citizens with residency in its population and allows corporate citizens to hold office. The Senate only allows St. Louis citizens to hold office. The judicial branch is led by a St. Louis Supreme Court with a total of thirteen judges, one from each pair of districts grouped by population. The judges are appointed by the district mayors and certified by the Executive Council. They serve for life but can be removed by the request of a sitting district mayor and approval bythe Executive Council. All of these are just rules on electronic paper right now, because St. Louis hasn’t even managed to finish all the elections and assignments. The executive branch is lead by the Executive Chancellor and the Executive Council. The current chancellor is a former mayor, Conrad Holtun, cousin of UCAS Senator Maxwell Holtun. That relationship is possibly a major piece of the UCAS acceptance of St. Louis’ political shift. The Executive Council is constructed of several key politicians displaced from their previous work. In the next election, the first official election for the new nation, this council will be be filled with those who did not win the chancellorship but ran for it. The goal is to surround the chancellor with differing views and connections. It’s a bit idealistic, but much of the new arena of St. Louis politics is a bit ideologically wonky. It’s all quite a bit of political turmoil, and the chaos plays out in the shadows and boardrooms of the new independent nation.

**==> picture [22 x 176] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
119<br>SHADOWRUN: THE KECHIBI CODE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
