---
id: KC-0102
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Eniola Okoro
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eniola Okoro

Okoro is Lagosian ork and the central element of this story. Her sudden windfall and rapid rise to power are the primary focus of the investigation. While behind the scenes we know where the money came from, the streets are rife with rumor and speculation. Everything from secret corporatebacking to pacts with metaplanar beings are being fleshed out in the imaginations of people all over the city.

Okoro is a Nigerian success story. A darkhaired beauty born from the turbulent union of Enyi Okoro (a Daughter of Yemaja) and Honest Agedoke, a TerraFirst! activist, Okoro grew up with a love for nature and a hard hatred of corporations and polluters. Her parents came together under the stress of a street war between council members back in the ’50s. Their union was fueled by fiery passion and sustained by frequent separations as Honest regularly traveled while fighting for the planet. Each return tended to result in another child added to the family, and Okoro was saved from the normal misfortune of Lagosian girls as her mother needed her to help with her siblings. Most of her brothers quickly fled home to join the Area Boys or follow their father. Her sisters were her first taste of fighting for the underdogs, as she did her best to protect them from the harsh realities of being a girl in Lagos. But the streets of Lagos are ruled by brute force, and that was not Okoro’s strength. She had a powerful mind and focused her efforts to help in that way. She blended her learning of history, government, and law with mysticism, and thanks to the influence of her father, computer science. She learned enough to hack her own access to university in Cairo but ceased practicing and developing her skills, fearing she would be caught and removed.

University gave her connections and contacts in both the legal world and the hacktivist community, thanks to her father, including Astersham Jones, a.k.a. Code Eco. After graduation, Okoro came back to Lagos and opened a small law firm. Business was not great since the law in Lagos is usually enforced by the barrel of a gun, but she found a niche in environmental law championing cases against the corporations. She was small-time and struggling badly until Code Eco briefly popped back into her life with his unexpected gift.
