---
id: KC-0332
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Cityside
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cityside

Due to the collapse of soil flowing in from the river, the city side of the water runs to the edge of Damon Street, which has partially collapsed and creates a makeshift boat ramp. Access from the city can be done from small boats or rafts with the shallow draft that can navigate the spaces between the collapsed and crumbling buildings. Many of the buildings still have salvageable goods, and squatters often come to this area to swim down and try to get items to sell. Many do not survive the dive.

The area is overrun with devil rats (and their demon rat and glitch rat cousins) that are attracted to the remains left by the devil jack diamonds, as well as the abundant catfish population in the little inlet. A bonus squatter corpse is always welcomed as well.

A small squatter shanty town is also built beneath the highway overpass. These are the squatters that delve into the building wreckage. They did a lot of pilfering from the towers when they were first abandoned, and several know the current layout from their successful recent efforts to gain access and steal goods from the lower floors. They have also occasionally grabbed “garbage” the River Rat gangers pulled from the living spaces and tossed into a room on the third floor for later sorting and evaluation.



**==> picture [210 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
devil jack diamond<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>5 4 5 5 2 1 3 2 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>20/30/+2<br>9 8/1 A1, I2 11<br>(swimming)<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 3 (Swimming +3), Close Combat 1 (Unarmed Combat +3), Perception 3 (Visual +2) **Powers:** Armor 4, Enhanced Sense (Low-light), Natural Weapon (Bite, DV 3P, AR 9/—/—/—/—)
