---
id: KC-0269
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Bando Keita, Shotozumi-gumi, Seattle
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bando Keita, Shotozumi-gumi, Seattle

Bando Keita worked as one of the pit bosses at a casino in the International District when something happened to an entire row of one-armed bandits. It was a Monday afternoon, and the place was not busy other than a couple of retirees and the skeleton staff running the place. Keita was in charge of the floor that day. A guy comes in by the name of Dan Johnson and proceeds to go down an entire row of machines, getting a jackpot on each after just a couple pulls. After the first one, Keita sends in some arm candy to get attached at the guy’s side. But by the third one, he was getting suspicious. Guy cashes out and disappears, shaking the tails that Keita assigned to the guy and losing the tracers. Keita pulls all those machines into the back and starts tearing them apart. The only thing he found was that all six machines were in sync for the number generation. No software was running on the machine that wasn’t supposed to be there, and a review of the video shows him slotting the credstick he was given on arrival into the machine and nothing else. Now Keita has one less finger, and there’s a 75,000-nuyen bounty out on this Dan Johnson from Snohomish.

- Keita is no fool. After the first jackpot, he likely had the spider on duty watching Dan Johnson’s every move on the cameras, following his interactions with the machines. Either Dan is extraordinarily crafty, very lucky, or was running some SOTA material.

- Baka Dabora
