---
id: KC-0241
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Evo
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evo

- Well, the bottom of the top. I guess that’s better than being the top of the bottom?

- Bull

When you’re already on the cutting edge of so much tech, you don’t imagine they’d be worried or out looking for one small program, but you’d be dead wrong. There’s something about these megas with major internal struggles that pushes them to grasp at anything that can give them a sudden and significant advantage, and Evo is no different.

On one side, you have their more arcane-affiliated sect. They want Kechibi in order to dissect it and see if anything inside will give them an advantage against the hyper-science going on across the corporate divide. Though I wouldn’t be surprised if they decided to do a little market manipulation to slow the funding across that divide first. Not that funding is much of an issue with the army of Monads they have working on this. Money is only a small motivation for them.

Speaking of that side, they’re after Kechibi as yet another tool. If they can get the code, the Monads can then break it down and potentially improve it. You all know their weird amalgam, ever-awake hive mind will have it torn down and built up a hundred new ways in under a day. The idea of them getting their hands on it is a bit terrifying.

- This hive-mind thing is getting out of control. We don’t all come together and merge our minds. Ugh. Who is this yutz?

- Plan 10

Efforts aren’t well-organized coming out of Evo. Rather than any kind of concerted effort, execs from across the company seem to be operating independently and often in opposition to one another. For what it’s worth, I don’t think they’re going to manage it, but Evo has pulled some extraordinary tricks out of their hoop in recent years. They went from next up on the CFD chopping block to top of the futuretech market in less than half a decade. This could be another reimagining if they snag the code, or it could be the internal struggle that tears them apart.
