---
id: KC-0338
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Heller (ork, female, 19, red hair, green eyes, solid build)
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Heller (ork, female, 19, red hair, green eyes, solid build)

Hell hath no fury like a Halloweener “reformed.” Heller is the team’s combat mage and brings that pain in the forms of fire and lightning. She feels like the latter is mostly to move past her ganger roots and into something a little classier. She just likes how they affect things like commlinks and other tech. Burning things is still fun and exciting, but she understands how quickly a fire can get out of hand and lead to more heat than a shadowrunner needs.

When any fight starts, Heller will start bringing the pain right out of the gate. Some area effect spells to open the fray and then concentrating on single targets after the initial assault. She’s smart enough to know that flying lead isn’t good for her, so she often uses cover. She likes casting spells through the illusions of Ocean, partially to irritate her teammate by messing up her spells, but also because her targets rarely see it coming. She keeps an Increased Reflexes spell sustained at most times.

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
heller<br>B A R S W L I C M EDG ESS<br>4 2 4(6) 4 6 2 3 5 6 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>8 10/3 A1, I4 10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Astral 4 (Astral Combat +2), Athletics 2, Conjuring 5 (Summoning +2), Firearms 4, Perception 5, Sorcery 6 (Spellcasting +2) **Spells:** Armor, Blast, Clout, Flamestrike, Fireball, Heal, Ice Spear, Ice Storm, Increased Reflexes, Levitate, Light, Lightning Bolt, Lightning Ball, Overclock, Physical Barrier, Stunball, Stunbolt, Thunder **Gear:** Armor jacket (+4), commlink (DR 6), helmet (+2)
