---
id: KC-0259
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Eco-Terrorists
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eco-Terrorists

So, it’s not surprising that groups of angry, reckless people like Greenwar and TerraFirst! are going to launch whatever weapons they have in their arsenal at the megas. What _is_ a little unusual, though, is that some members have apparently managed to get their hands on the Kechibi Code, and are using it in some highly targeted attacks.

- That seems uncharacteristic of them.

- /dev/grrl

- It really is. Historically, groups like TerraFirst! have had a lot more fanaticism than sense, and tend to use their “cause” as more of an excuse to blow things up than to affect a lot of actual change. They’ll occasionally manage to pull off some big targeted hits that have really hurt some corporate facilities, but not without significant collateral damage.

- Ecotope

the rainforest aren’t going to be able to hold off the security forces of anyone they attack, and therefore don’t want to use the code at all. Yet another group wants to use the code to fund more environmental activism, perhaps by funneling funds to environmental groups for protests and stunts. Of course, environmental protests and stunts are already cracked down on pretty hard by the corps, and it doesn’t matter if you’ve got a million nuyen in the bank if you’re spending years at the bottom of a Saeder-Krupp prison facility. It looks like there aren’t many ways that this pretty disorganized group can use the code safely. One of the weird ideas floated is the idea of a green megacorp, one that could use sustainable methods, products, and power, and could crowd out the more pollution-heavy corps, or at least set a good example. The main downside of this example is that most environmental groups, especially rag-tag collections such as TerraFirst!, have absolutely no idea how to run a megacorp. I’m pretty sure that if they tried it, they would quickly find themselves past their competency and needing help. They would have enough money to recruit experienced managers and executives from other corps, of course, but those would bring in their own views about how to run the corporation, which would probably not align with the views of the eco-groups that started it all. They could be in the position where they put together an exemplary corporation with the best of intentions, and quickly wind up creating a smaller, slightly green-washed version of pretty much all the other corps out there. Maybe they’d have better luck trying to buy shares in the existing megas.

I’m pretty sure that some thinkers in these groups have arrived at the same conclusions, and you know what? I bet those people want to just give up all these grand ideas and instead start collecting money and hiring shadowrunners to sabotage the worst, most polluting excesses of the megacorps. Quite frankly, if there is a well-funded opposition to the corps brewing, that uses targeted, careful strikes to gently nudge things back on course, that wouldn’t be a bad thing. Maybe the simplest solutions are the most likely to work.

- I could get behind this kind of mission and employment, if the TerraFirst! loonies manage to keep their drek together long enough to get good at it. Would be nice to do some hooding for once.

- Neon Fireball

But this part of the story is only scratching the surface of what’s _really_ going on here. Strap in, because this is about to get a whole lot weirder.

The folks who have the code (or at least say they have the code) can’t agree on what they are going to do with it. A bunch of them want to immediately rabid-dog attack anything corporate, another bunch recognizes that a commune of commandos in

The other thing to be aware of, is that a few of the eco-groups are having their own kind of organizational struggle at the moment. TerraFirst! has joined forces and absorbed a lot of the membership of the Awakened Liberation Front recently, which itself had a massive schism around the time that the public began gaining some awareness of technocritTHEters. One branch supported their inclusion in their mission, while the other didn’t. Some of TerraFirst! welcomed the first group, and that particular clique has rebranded as CrittersFirst!, while the other half remains as the Awakened Liberation Front. If any of the groups have, in fact, laid their hands on a version of the code, it’s a fair bet that they will eventually get sick of trying to build consensus and just go for it. It may be that this is already happening, and because it’s hard to know which group (if any) has the code, I have no fragging idea what will be coming out of this collection of eco-terrorists.

- If they do get organized, it’ll be hard to get over the years of ineptness and take them seriously. Maybe they are counting on that to stay under the radar.

- Bull
