---
id: KC-0135
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Aztechnology Africa
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology Africa

Everything is a resource to Aztechnology, and resources are best utilized to their maximum benefit—to Aztechnology. This means that for the Big A, the ends always justify the means. No matter what the secondary or tertiary effects are, as long as it improves the bottom line and doesn’t negatively impact their homeland, they’re all good with doing things in the dirtiest way possible. In Lagos, that means pulling oil from the ground with efficiency but little regard for environmental safety. They process oil into other products with no care for what it pollutes or who it poisons, and do it using the cheapest labor, being careful to not waste the last of employees’ life force before they can harness it for their blood magic. Everything Aztechnology does here is dark.



They aren’t truly concerned with Okoro’s legal efforts, as her ability to fight their army of corporate lawyers is slim, but they are not happy that Okoro has begun investigating, and sending shadowrunners into, their facilities. They _really_ don’t want outside eyes seeing what goes on in those spots.

They are fighting back almost solely in the streets, but they can’t act directly against Okoro for fear that she knows something or already has evidence of their activity hidden away. She has engaged with them before and claimed she knows what they are doing, but they can’t be sure which dirty deeds she was speaking of.
