---
id: KC-0384
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Legend and the Rookies
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Legend and the Rookies

- **Hired By:** Ghostwalker

- **Activated By:** Contact with Talia Rodrigo or Anderson Chapel

This isn’t some terrible cover band. This runner team may not be the most experienced, but they are led by a legend in the shadows of the Sixth World, Ire. Ire was hired by Ghostwalker to monitor the activities of the Sea Dragon. He is choosing to hire a team full of young runners to give them a chance while working under his keen eye and tutelage. This is much more about him keeping them safe while also doing the work for his unpleasant benefactor. He’s not working for Ghostwalker out of kindness or even currency, but instead because he got on the wrong side of the master of Denver and is instead getting back on his good side. He is wise enough to not want to trade one dragon enemy or another, so his efforts will be softer than other teams. But his rookies aren’t going to make that easy as they try to make a name for themselves in the shadows of St. Louis by getting the upper hand on another shadowrunner team.

Ire’s plan will be monitoring and tracking via magic while his team is out in the world, each playing their standard role. Jinx is his rigger and she’ll be moving other members of the team around where they need to while also using her drones for surveillance and intimidation. Bobcat was hired as muscle but he’s more than that, and he will be looking for places to get a tracker or bug in place to keep real close tabs on them. Rounding out the three rookies Ire hired is Jetblack, a mage and lookalike, wannabe rocker who took on the visage and name of his idol because of his ability to pull off the same disappearing act. Jetblack will be setting distractions and pushing his skills to the limit to get close to the runners for some serious spying. The rookies want to make sure they are successful at getting the code and will take some serious individual risks in order to be the one to impress Ire.
