---
id: KC-0222
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Lei Yimu - (14K Incense Master, Mystic Adept)
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- adept-powers
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lei Yimu

## (14K Incense Master, Mystic Adept)

Now in his fifties, Yimu is an experienced Triad society man. An adept who practices the Way of the Tao, he remains uninitiated as far as most observers know. This is a little surprising, as his father was a member of 14K Triad, as was his father before him. Yimu broke ranks with his family when he was younger after a falling out and joined Yellow Lotus, where he rose to the rank of incense master. He is a survivor of the Triad war in ’63, which led him to return to 14K. It was after this time that Yimu began his deep study of the Tao in earnest. He sought a way to heal himself but remain loyal to the Triad families he was born into. He also needed time to heal from his many wounds suffered during his escape.

but made them all vow to never sway again, with many of them doing so upon the tombs of their ancestors. This hit Yimu hard, as his father, brother, and much of his family had perished in the fighting. He does his work today with all the business style he learned, to the point that the Gentlemen have extended a hand to him—one he has politely turned down.

**==> picture [210 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
lei yimu (male human)<br>B A R S W L I C M EDG ESS<br>3 3 4 3 5 5 6 5 6 5 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>3 (5) 9/+4D6 A1/I4 12/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Astral 5 (Auras +3), Athletics 2, Close Combat 4, Con 5, Conjuring 3 (Banishing +2), Electronics 3, Engineering 3, Firearms 3, Influence 5 (Etiquette +3), Outdoors 2 (Urban +2), Perception 5 (Visual +2), Stealth 4 (Sneaking +2)

**Knowledge Skills:** Chinese History, Hong Kong History, Matrix Societies, Paracritters, Shaw Brothers Movies, Social Elite, Triads, Cantonese (N), English (X), Russian (S)

**Qualities:** Ambidextrous, Analytical Mind, Astral Chameleon, Built Tough 2, Indomitable

**Adept Abilities:** Astral Perception, Critical Strike (2), Enhanced Perception, Improved Reflexes (1), Rapid Healing (1), Traceless Walk, Wall Running **Gear:** Armored clothing, qi focus (Force 8, Improved Reflexes [+2], Wushu Master, Donny Yen-IP Man), qi focus (2, Rapid Healing [+4], Wong Tai Sun) **Author’s Note:** Lei Yimu does not practice Sorcery due to a personal vow and seeks only respect and communion with the spirits of the Tao.
