---
id: KC-0266
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Replanting the Tree
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Replanting the Tree

You’ve probably not heard of this bunch of technomancers, but they have been around a while now, and they can do incredible things with code. Rumor has it that they are partly formed from some of the original otaku from before technomancers were a thing. Anyway, secretive though they may be, they have _plans,_ apparently _big_ plans, and it would be right in their wheelhouse to use something like the Kechibi Code to attain them. I mean, a pile of money and the ability to manipulate the markets would help anyone, right?

The reason that I know they have been around is because I saw a bunch of them, all lurking near a Dissonant server. It wasn’t easy to see what they were doing; it looked to me like they were trying to clean the Dissonance of something. Anyway, the whole bunch of them spent a long time trying to put together fragments of data like a giant puzzle. I spied on them from a distance, but they didn’t seem to care that I was there. That’s when the Matrix and Resonance twisted like a rubber pretzel tied to a helicopter. I’m guessing it won’t mean much to non-technomancers reading this, but I think they tried to track the code into a Resonance realm, but they came back pretty quick, really beaten up. It looks like this particular data, wherever they tracked it to, is protected somehow, maybe by an AI, Maybe by one or more technomancers, or maybe by some big and nasty resonance or dissonance creature. If the code is really that potent, maybe it attracts things in the Resonance realms that want to eat or corrupt it.

Of course, now that I know these things, I’m probably never going to sleep again. I’m definitely disconnecting when I go to bed.

- Not these assholes again.

- Bull
