---
id: KC-0234
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: AAAs
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## AAAs

_All_ the megas want it. They’ll all go to extreme lengths to get their hands on a copy. I’d be willing to bet a lot of nuyen that almost every hacker reading this is going to get hired at some point to find one for some corporate Mr. Johnson, and I’d _also_ bet that a lot of deniable assets out there are going to get their brains fried in the process if GOD doesn’t converge on them first. The only differences here are going to be in the ways that different corps intend to go about this process. Some plan on launching a full assault to generate a ton of nuyen, while others want to keep it locked down and secure their dominance in a corporate cold war. But like, who cares about this drek?

- Whoa, wait. You’re really just gonna gloss over this? Megacorporate activity seems like it’d be more important.

- /dev/grrl

- Again, what could I possibly tell you that isn’t obvious or that you don’t already know? We’re all aware that the megas want as much power as possible for themselves, and this isn’t new or interesting.

- Vip3r

I’ve managed to lay my hands on rumors about how some of the bigger players intend to use, abuse, or capture the code. I’ve checked these as best I can, but in most cases, these are cribbed from internal scuttlebutt, and probably distorted in the telling. They are pretty good for general, broad-strokes information, but the sources are a bit obscure and it’s a rapidly changing situation. What’s true this nanosecond could be dangerously misleading in the next.
