---
id: KC-0137
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: United Oil, Dexel Dragon, and Spin Global (the Oil Triangle)
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## United Oil, Dexel Dragon, and Spin Global (the Oil Triangle)

While the three do not get along in the boardrooms or on the market floor, they are currently working in somewhat unison for a common cause. All three are targets due to the exceptionally unhealthy way they pull oil and natural gas from the region. They also have issues transporting fuel through pipelines that are pricey to maintain, especially when they are constantly attacking each other’s pipelines to disrupt the flow. These disruptions have decreased of late, something that Okoro has taken as a sign of her success. In reality, it’s just a sign that the forces against her are more concerned with her than with each other, which could also be seen as a success.

While they have local support through the Igbo and Chidi Ené, they are bringing in external talent in droves in order to deal with the Okoro situation without revealing vulnerabilities. They aren’t particularly keen on making her a martyr, so assassinations are off the table, especially since they have no idea where that money came from. They are operating on two fronts.

One of those fronts is actively trying to hinder her efforts in investigating the issues along the pipelines and at their drilling and fracking sites. These groups tend to hide out near the sites and look for anything out of the ordinary, usually with a heavy drone presence and some form of fast off-roader or LAV nearby ready to deal with trouble.

The other forces are actively investigating Okoro. This means that runners could be hired to discover where the money came from. They’re mostly concerned with whether or not there is an unknown backer. Speculation between the three corps has noted the claw prints of the Sea Dragon all over this, even though she has nothing to do with Okoro’s fortune. This red herring is a nice false lead that the runners could be fed at some point in their Lagos experience.
