---
id: KC-0085
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Cintra Ime
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cintra Ime

can take a seat. There are no set number of board members, no term limits, and no recognized protocol. This changes over time, and part of this story is about changes in the status quo that would change the powers on the council. By its nature, the council members do not usually have a direct hand in day-to-day life in Lagos, but rather come together to decide on a course and exert their considerable influence in order to make things go their way. This is not always without opposition and is rarely perfectly smooth. The speed and smoothness of a particular councilor’s efforts is often an indicator of whether they remain a strong force.

Because they represent the most powerful factions in the city—and those factions, in turn, hold most of the resources of the city—they’ve successfully forced the corporations to deal with them. The Lagos Council consists of people who are in it for themselves and concerned primarily with lining their pockets. The interests of their tribe or association come in second place, and the interests of the city itself are barely a consideration unless it involves a profit for them. They’ll backstab, betray, and screw over anyone if it means more nuyen for them. The corporations who work with them keep them in place because having a city in complete chaos isn’t good for business, and the council expends a modicum of effort in order to keep portions of the city running.

The current members who are important to this story are listed with the side they support. Overall, just knowing about the existence and power of the council is important for the runners coming to the city, as they know these powerful individuals will play some part in any large story unfolding here. The two listed in this sidebar are relatively neutral in the conflict between Okoro and the corps, but they are always off in the wings waiting for a chance to slide more power onto their plate.
