---
id: KC-0074
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: (Recording paused for 40 hours, 14 minutes; recommences in abandoned industrial
  complex)
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## (Recording paused for 40 hours, 14 minutes; recommences in abandoned industrial complex)

**>** Mika

_Bungo:_ Fair point.

_Jalky:_ If they’re going to the Royal Bank, they should cover and conceal first. Someone in a higher window might see them already.

_Salem, a male elf:_ Really, this is where you wanted to meet? The only thing that could make it more clichéd is if there were a giant fan nearby, backlit and slowly turning.

_Bungo:_ I think about things in terms of what’s available and what works, not how theatrical it is.

_Bungo:_ But onward they walk.

_Salem:_ Really? How sad for you.

_Jalky:_ Wait, let me zoom in … do you see the kit they have on?

_Bungo:_ What do you … oh, wait. That’s not exactly runner clothing. Pants are swingier than I’d wear. And one of them is in a skirt. Who wears a skirt on a run?

_Jalky:_ And heels.

_Bungo:_ Right, and heels!

_Eligius:_ I think this is a different sort of camouflage.

_Bungo:_ No. They’re not.

_Eligius:_ I believe they are.

_Bungo:_ This is after hours. That probably means they’ll have to scan both fingerprints and eyeballs. That’s a heavy lift.

_Jalky:_ Walking right up to the door, though. Hands out, eyes open. And … the doors opened. I don’t think I can follow them in there.

_Eligius:_ I’ll slip the spirits inside. Just let—ahhhhhhhh!

_Grimalkin, a female human:_ Don’t tease them. You don’t always put on a show, either.

_Salem:_ Because life isn’t always fair and some Mr. Johnsons are terminally boring.

_Bungo:_ Yes, well, perhaps you want to know what I wanted to talk to you about?

_Salem:_ We already know. I assume those were your drones and spirits watching us, and you want to talk about what you saw.
