---
id: KC-0141
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: "Emb\xE9d\xE9 Edeygy\xE9"
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Embédé Edeygyé

Edeygyé is an Area Boy lieutenant working for Chidi Ené. He is trying to make a name for himself. He’s an Igbo male ork with a very direct demeanor. He has thick black hair that hangs down over his face and shoulders. The hair covers his exceptionally scarred face, which looks more like a skull mask than a metahuman face. Most of the scars came from an attack by a ghoul when he was young. He is loyal to Ené to death.

His efforts reflect his demeanor. He is direct and uses threats and violence to coerce others. Once Embédé knows of the runners’ efforts, he will find them and begin keeping close tabs on them. Seeing as these are hardened runners, they aren’t likely to be easily intimidated into giving up the investigation or the paydata. This means violence. Edeygyé will use quick and dirty attacks, usually in the form of an ambush in a crowd. His forces know they can’t go toe-to-toe with a team of runners, so they will make a surprise attack from stealth and then run off into the crowds. While this is going on, some younger Area Boys in the crowd will try to steal items from the runners. Commlinks are a first target, but ammo, food, and other tech are just as valid.

As an Area Boy lieutenant, Edeygyé has access to dozens of Area Boys. He has a lot of brute force in his corner but not a lot of tech skill or arcane talent. He has several younger Area Boys who make great pickpockets in a crowd. He will hang back from any encounters unless it looks like the runners are meeting with someone to hand off the data. At this point, if he’s aware, he’ll fall on them with all the resources he has in the area. These efforts include using crowds and young pickpockets to steal the runners’ gear to keep them distracted and off-balance.
