---
id: KC-0235
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Aztechnology
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology

Because of their recent data breach, Aztechnology has been pretty much in panic and damage-control mode ever since. To date, all of their main data access systems have pretty much been shut or locked down. But one of the most tantalizing tidbits that came out was that the Azzies had been preparing dossiers and planning a massive infiltration project within other corps. Seems that they were way too busy with other special projects to focus much on the code, so for once, they were the ones lagging. So the decision was made to simply steal what the other members of the Big Ten knew, if for no other reason than to make sure that the code didn’t become any kind of threat to their current projects.



**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**>** Actually, Aztechnology was further ahead than initially thought. They’d already managed to infiltrate and make inroads within several MCT and Evo subsidiaries. One team in particular was able to lift some pretty juicy paydata, rumored to be some code fragments from an Evo facility in Vladivostok. Problem was, the breach happened a few days later, and everything went to drek. Long story short, that team was left out in the cold.

**>** Icarus

**>** I know of that team. They were attempting to get passage through the South China Sea a few weeks ago and ran afoul of some pirates; a massive battle ensued, large enough that the Indian Navy got involved. The team is rumored to have gone to ground in Sri Lanka and is willing to put up a big payday for anyone who can successfully extract them. Send me a message for details, if you are interested.

**>** Red Anya

But for now, Aztechnology seems to be concentrating on dealing with their own in-house problems, and they aren’t really active in the code hunt. Still, the Azzies are good at keeping an eye out for anything that could pose a threat, so don’t be surprised if they aren’t on the sidelines for very long.
