---
id: KC-0019
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The State of the Art/ The State of the Market
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The State of the Art/ The State of the Market

All of this is to frame the reality that there are thousands of automated and AI systems operatFINANCIALing non-stop every second. There are two problems that concern us: dumb systems and smart systems. The dumb ones have no intuition. They run series of if-then commands until a predetermined end, and that’s that. The big problems come with either sudden, outside shifts in the markets or someone misplacing a decimal point and that 250,000¥ LBO loan that should have been due at the end of the quarter becomes due at the end of the quarter-second.

The intuitive ones keep regulators up at night. The concern is that no one knows what defines the scope of their intuition and fuzzy logic. The concern also extends to systems that are designed to manipulate people’s decision-making processes and influence conscious and subconscious acts of intuition and deep logic. There was extensive analysis done in a report by the Corporate Court SEC and ARM on these systems regarding their possible use and effect on the decisions and market actions that led to Thomas Roxborough taking over the Pacific Rim Bank, which should have been financially and legally impossible for him to pull off. I’ll spare the details, but the legality was sufficient to uphold the acquisition over the dissent of the Japanacorps and Aztechnology. It was with severe reservations and suggestions that the deal was made in part because the manipulations struck at foundational beliefs and biases of the corps and the individuals who were critical to making the acquisition possible.

- Translation: Roxborough/UO tricked, coerced, or flattered senior Japanacorp and Japanese government officials to such a degree that going back on the deal would be a dishonor and a violation of loyalty and trust that would not only kill those men (it is not a coincidence these are all men), but their immediate superiors and could cripple or kill their ultimate masters/corps.

- Baka Dabora

- If PacRim Bank was the proving ground for whatever is going on, I fear for what the endgame is.

- Snopes

- I welcome it.

- Chainmaker

- How am I in agreement with you on anything? But … same.

- **>** Hizzoner
