---
id: KC-0293
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: ozaki nakazo (male human) - Orikomu Kumo - Mita-gumi, Neo-Tokyo
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ozaki nakazo (male human)

## Orikomu Kumo

## Mita-gumi, Neo-Tokyo

An orphan, Orikomu Kumo grew up in a group care home in Neo-Tokyo, where he often talked about his dreams of making it big. He ran away at fifteen and joined up with the Yakuza. For the first couple of years, he pushed BTL and other illicit drugs, made deliveries to various clubs, and ensured customers got what they wanted. He survived, and more importantly, he was never picked up by the NTMP. He started dabbling in software in his free time, working on ways to modify and enhnce BTL for his clientele. His bosses kept an eye on it and noticed he had a knack for it. They moved him back into the labs and put him to work. Now eighteen, this scrawny kid from the streets of Neo-Tokyo is one of their youngest software programmers.

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>4 4(6) 5(7) 4(6) 5 4 4 4 3 1.38<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>11 11/3 A1,I4 10/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 4, Biotech 2, Close Combat 6, Firearms 6 (Heavy Pistols +2), Influence 6 (Intimidation +2), Perception 6, Stealth 4 **Knowledge Skills:** Bars and Clubs, BTLs, Business, Corporations, New Orleans Area, Prostitution, Yakuza, English (N), Japanese (E) **Qualities:** Guts, Magic Resistance 2, Photographic Memory

**Augmentations:** Cyberears (alphaware, rating 2 w/ audio enhancement, damper, sound link, select sound filter 2), cybereyes (alphaware, rating 2 w/ image link, smartlink), dermal plating 3, muscle replacement 2, wired reflexes 2

**Programs:** Armor, browse, configurator, edit, exploit, overclock, signal scrubber, stealth, toolbox, trace

**Gear:** Armor jacket (+4, Social –3), commlink (Rating 3, D/F 2/0), 2x jazz inhaler **Weapons:**

Colt Manhunter [Heavy Pistol, DV 4P, SA, AR 12/10/8/—/—, 14(c), w/ smartgun system, explosive ammo] Katana [Blade, DV 4P, AR 16/—/—/—/—]
