---
id: KC-0300
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: The Flavor of Independence
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Flavor of Independence

I’m not referring to the fantastic barbecue. I’m talking about the feel of the place. Most newcomers feel the excitement and nervous energy of their new status. But for those who’ve lived here and grown up in this place, St. Louis has a special feel. At its base are midwestern roots built from immigrants and settlers that came this way to make a new life. They give this place and its people a steadfast aura. Their long history as a trade epicenter has always given them a touch of worldliness without the air of superiority that often comes with a global hub.

The confluence of rivers and legends of the mighty Mississippi fuel an adventurous spirit while letting a sense of transience and freedom lend to a mercurial touch. Lest you leave an unintentional insult, one must always acknowledge that St. Louis is not without its southern charm. Locals are kind and willing to lend a hand but hold a quiet grudge and stand ready to execute an unsubtle vengeance should they be crossed.

Many St. Louisans are the descendants of the down-to-earth middle class that grew this city and for years made it a place of blue-collar values. The megacorps took advantage of this by plucking its best and brightest to spread their special form of peasant conformity to places around the globe. Yes, I know that’s a little harsh, but the corps planted their boots on those blue collars as soon as they found a way to exploit them. I just didn’t want to start out this bit on flavor with that, because it’s not the taste you will get when you come here. You’ll meet the people, you’ll experience the life, and you won’t fully realize how thoroughly trodden upon these people are until you see deep into that current excitement and realize it is not fueled by some desire for a better world but by the slimmest of hope that they will somehow trade one oppressor for a better oppressor.

But in the shadows, all that original city charm is firmly entrenched with the runners who’ve called this sprawl home for more than just a stopover. It’ll seep into you as you set roots and feel the energy of the city flow into you through the interactions with its people. The city did not become the nation because it was just the will of the politicians and the powerbrokers; it became free because it was the will of the shadows. For in the shadows lies the true hope that this is just a first step to true independence.

Welcome to Independent St. Louis—stick around and help stoke the revolution.
