---
id: KC-0374
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Charismatic Cohort
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Charismatic Cohort

- **Hired By:** Ares

- **Activated By:** Contacting Kyrin Tannis (Novatech)

This rather unique collection of shadowrunner socialites are hired because Ares doesn’t see killing the characters and stealing the code as a viable option. They contract a team of con artists to make a play against the runners. This teams reaches out to the PCs claiming they are representing another interested party willing to top any other offer by twenty-five percent if the runners agree immediately. They aren’t willing to scare the team off completely though, so they will also offer ten percent over other bids and wait for the team to get other offers set up. Their goal is to make the runners comfortable with them and their deal. They avoid threats of any kind and respond to any toward them with respect.

The team consists of Cinder, Sherlock, Alta, and Kinnick, though none of them will be introducing themselves with these names when they meet the runners. The initial focus from this team is the social con game, but while this is playing out, they are looking for blackmail material on the runners based on their actions. They are also trying to learn about the runners and get a feel for the team, as they have to expect some violence may come up later.

As for the con, Cinder reaches out to the team leader, claiming to be Taurus Johnson—“But you



can call me Ms. Johnson, hahaha.” She claims to represent an interested party with deep pockets and a desire to gain the code sooner rather than later. As above, offers are heavy immediately but not pushy.

During this call, Sherlock will be hacking into the team leader’s commlink in order to get access to the team’s data and then keeps his access in order to listen in on the runners’ plans right after the call. Sherlock will also look to trace the location of the commlink they are calling in order to begin spying on the runners in real life.

If the location is successfully acquired, Alta will send a drone to the area and get eyes on the runners from high above.

Once the runners are being tracked, Kinnick will find his way to the area where he is going to look for potential blackmail material, see if the runners are susceptible to an ambush, look for who may have the code, and if the opportunity arises, he will approach the runners in real life in order to put another face to Ms. Johnson by claiming he acts as a physical agent for Taurus. He claims the physical meeting is a gesture of trust, showing that Taurus Johnson is willing to put a physical asset near them. He plays as if he’s weaker than he is and seeks to get the runners to underestimate him.
