---
id: KC-0258
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Ta Makrinia
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ta Makrinia

Nothing is more dangerous than a fanatic; except, of course, a fanatic who’s packed to the gills with chrome and backed by a massive terrorist organization that’s spread worldwide and bent on watching the world around them go up in flames. That’s Ta Makrinia: a cadre of religious zealots who believe that metahumanity has driven itself to its doom, and that the only thing that can save us is bringing society to the brink of apocalypse.

- What?

- Rikki

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: THE KECHIBI CODE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Vip3r

  - That doesn’t make any sense.

- Maybe with enough augmentation and some re-editing of its core code. The first AIs and the Crash virus of 2029 followed a similar data-evolutionary path, so it’s within the realm of possibility.

- Shell

- Do you think that’s **actually** what they’re trying to do? Liberate the Code and let it become an AI?

- /dev/grrl

  - Shell

  - Yeah, it doesn’t, but groups like this have a lot more fanaticism than rationality—which might seem weird, because Ta Makrinia has a lot of highly educated people in their ranks. We’re talking economists, engineers, academics, sociologists; these people know how the society they live in is structured, and they’ll know which moving parts to target in order to make all of it come crashing down.

  - Puck

- Frag, I hope not. That’s a recipe for another Crash, for sure.

- Bull

- Wouldn’t that be an interesting case of history repeating itself? And almost word-for-word, too.

- Slamm-0!

- How do assholes like this keep getting the resources they need to carry out their diabolical plans? Is there some sort of “endof-the-world-cult credit union”? Could I apply for a big loan if I wanted to build a giant laser to take out one of the bases on the Moon?

- Slamm-0!

On that note … the more I think about that operative’s pitch, and the more I look into Seed’s rhetoric, I keep finding myself increasingly more unsettled by just how much I _didn’t_ disagree with. They were incredibly enticing and persuasive, and I concur with their positions on a _lot_ of issues.

- So, you’re telling us that you’re thinking about joining a terrorist group. Remind me why we let you in, again?

- **>** Clockwork

- Remember, Seed’s founders were trained by Pax herself, and their recruitment tactics are based heavily on those used by Ex

More specifically, they believe that just when everything is about to collapse, the best and brightest that metahumanity has to offer will finally become motivated to rise up and carry us all into a new age. As part of this vision of the future, they seek singularity with technology, and hold that the only way for metahumanity to truly overcome its flaws is for us to merge our minds with artificial intelligence.

- So they think the way to fix all the world’s problems is to turn everyone into headcases? Ha. Yeah, that’s gonna work **real** well.

- **>** Clockwork



Ta Makrinia’s ranks are recruited from two very different worlds. The first is in slums and barrens, where they seek out abandoned and isolated street kids and lure them in with the promise of a family and hope for a bright, utopian future that is currently within our reach. They bring them in to indoctrinate them, and then fit them with extensive augmentations and train them up as their cultist cyber-soldiers. The other is among researchers and scholars who are singularity seekers at heart; in exchange for their brainpower and resources, they are given access to Ta Makrinia’s army of fanatics. TM’s leadership, who are believed by some anti-terror forces to be some of the best and brightest minds that corporate R&D departments have to offer, plan the group’s moves in secret and divert corporate resources to its mission. That kind of backing, along with their disastrous goals, are part of the reason they’re so dangerous.

What’s worse is that Ta Makrinia seeks collapse and knows how to create it, and their fanaticism means that a lot of them are going to be willing to sacrifice themselves in pursuit and use of Kechibi. If I had to guess what would happen if they were able to find a way to obtain the Code, I’d expect them to launch it indiscriminately against key industries to drive them into the ground, without fear of convergence or destruction of their equipment. Ta Makrinia is going to create a lot of dead deckers.
