---
id: KC-0081
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: History
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## History

Lagos is a feral city on the coast of West Africa. The city is home to millions of people, many of



**==> picture [485 x 424] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
IKOYI<br>ISLAND ISLAND<br>VICTORIA<br>LAGOS<br>LAGOON<br>KOSOFE LAGOS ISLAND<br>LAGOS<br>SHOMOLU LAGOS<br>MAINLAND<br>APAPA<br>IKEJA<br>MUSHIN<br>SURULERE<br>SLUMS<br>AJEGUNLE<br>AGEGE<br>IFAKO-IJAYA<br>ISOLO<br>OSHODI-<br>BADAGRY<br>ALIMOSHO<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [249 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HOW TO USE THIS CHAPTER // SUDDEN FORTUNE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


whom live in conditions that make the Redmond Barrens look luxurious. Immensely powerful and rich warlords rule the city from the secure enclave of Lagos Island. Corporate investment in the city is high, since it is the primary outlet for the oil pumped out of the Niger delta, and the city serves as a no-holds-barred playground for everything from cheap consumer goods to black-market bioweapons. Almost anything can be bought or sold in Lagos, be it weapons, metahumans, or technology. With no police force (or citywide infrastructure), the rich and powerful write their own rules—and the corporations enjoy having no rules at all.

Lagos is old. It’s been an inhabited region for millennia. During the VITAS outbreaks, the region lost 75 percent of its population. At the same time, magic returned, and the established religions of the region gained renewed power. Events like that shape a culture. Add in the fact that no one really came back in to rebuild, instead choosing to plunder and pillage, and you see why it’s still a feral city.

A quick point back to that 75-percent population drop. When VITAS hit, Lagos had about ten million people, give or take. That means 7.5 million died during VITAS. Where did all those bodies go? Burned, swamped, buried, tossed in the water, and fed to the local wildlife are the top answers. That left a lot of “corpses” still lying around, even decades later (you can imagine their state), awaiting the arrival of the shedim. So the city had to deal with that, too. Luckily, tribal magic is strong.

In the last decade, a few megacorps have shown more interest in the area but not enough to invest in its infrastructure. Just enough to bring in toughs, mercs, and runners to make sure their executives and management are kept safe while they exploit the local resources (including, and especially, the cheap labor).
