---
id: KC-0034
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Code Rules - Everything Around Me
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Code Rules

## Everything Around Me

We live and die by code. We are surrounded by it. We are code. Every trait, every act, every cell, every nanosecond of our attention, our thoughts, our impressions, our reactions—every single thing is atomized, collected, marked, and routed to analysis by big data. The biggest collectors and anaTHElysts are MRG, MFID, S-K Prime, and the Consensus Project. Ares and Aztechnology are also huge aggregators of data because they own or control more media resources than any other entities on or beyond Earth. They are masters, because they know who to feed, what to feed them, and how to feed them to keep the piggies coming back for more. Sharon Aurelius has finally dragged all those Ares, Cross, Apple, and other assets together now that the rest of the corp is focused on Atlanta, and she acts as a sort of Matrix commander-in-chief. It’s intended to integrate Ares’ big three assets along with entertainment and other media.

That’s just one aspect of the twisted enterprise of running the world. The vast majority of the codes, algorithms, expert systems, datastores, and data science exists primarily to maintain the status quo. The corporations wised up early last decade, realizing that when you codify everything, and when you assign rules to everything, that you can do anything. Take the right data, run them through the right rule, and you get your desired results. Militaries figured it out first because they had the largest aggregate pools of data, the largest sets of rules, and a culture that needed to follow the results of the latter no matter what. Finance followed. Then metahuman resources. We now have these systems so thoroughly integrated into our world we don’t even notice them, because they have been like water to fish. Laws, rules, contract terms, and written versions of what were once unwritten mores and biases shape everything we encounter.
