---
id: KC-0206
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Game Information - Hooks
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Information

## Hooks

_Small Stakes_ is intended to draw the player characters into a very irregular but volatile world. The Kechibi Code might be located or used here, with its tempting offer of large financial windfalls in a short period—and price manipulations that may put the hurt on companies the PCs don’t like. Mr. Johnsons and fixers alike will be looking for precision operations to perform any number of tasks. Everyone will need to stay apprised of Triad activity, given their deep investments and desire to not lose a bundle as markets become volatile. It should become apparent in short order that extensive use of the code is dangerous for both the users and the markets.

Several hooks are contained in the flavor text in this chapter, including:

1. **Extractions Are a Fact of Life** sidebar (p. 67). A number of entities want personnel from Yingyong extracted. They would settle for copies of all their research notes.

1. Wei Hong Yu of Kanabo’s production facility wants out. And he’s willing to take the program schematics for the production of the technology with him as payment. This, of course, will go directly against the will of the almost-superhuman security chief.

1. Who doesn’t want a working prototype, or three, of the Guizhen I or II technology (p. 86)?

1. Becky Wu Ping of Light Clouds (p. 89) wants to guarantee that Gu will partner with her and might even go so far as to help them self-extract from Yingyong.

1. The shadow personalities Snopes and Mr. Bonds want the deck and gear that belonged to Ju “Jon-E” Min (p. 73), and they are willing to pay people closer to the location to get it back.

1. The fixer known as Kia has two different recovery assignments for enterprising shadowrunners. Both are high-paying operations that require silence and extreme professionalism. The first target is the original poster of the JackPoint upload, Nguyen Rikki. Kia represents an unnamed individual who wants Rikki found and recovered alive. The second target is Ai He Feng (p. 88). He has gone missing, and representatives of the Red Dragon Triad are attempting to locate him without alerting other Triads.
