---
id: KC-0297
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: New Freedoms
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Freedoms

Stepping away from the CAS and annexing a chunk of the UCAS was no easy feat, but St. Louis

managed it thanks to the efforts of three powerful forces: the St. Louis Government, a handful of megacorps, and the Sea Dragon. Exactly how they did it is a much larger document, but for now you should know that these forces are the current powerhouses of this new city-nation. The problem is, no single one of those forces could have managed it on their own, and none of them are willing to admit they gained any benefit from the effort of the others, so the city is going to see the struggle play out between them in every arena.

The shadows are going to be swamped with work, which means a lot of new talent coming up and coming in. The ones coming up are going to know the city, but they lack talent. The ones coming in may have the talent, but they won’t know the city. Not that anyone looks to me for advice, but I’d recommend any new team operating in the city do their best to mix and match if they need to. Work will come from every one of the major powers and is going to target everyone. St. Louis is going to become a shadow hotspot.

Well above the shadowy streets, the corporations are going to be vying for dominance through wage battles, contract negotiations, property purchases, employee enticements, and other big money moves that may provide work for shadowrunners who prefer a little more legitimacy to their business.

Last here, thanks to the loss of freedom and access in Denver, St. Louis is positioned to become a continental and potentially global political hub. While the Treaty of Denver is famous for reshaping North America, the Treaty of St. Louis might be the next thing coming from this neutral city. Having a neutral political spot on the continent is critical to the residents, and while the CAS is a little bitter about losing St. Louis, they’re more than satisfied by their new close relationship and consolidating control of the river (it’s no longer a national border here).
