---
id: KC-0147
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: caleb robertson (male ork)
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## caleb robertson (male ork)

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS<br>5 3(4) 3 5(6) 3 4 4 4 4.8<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>9 1/1 A1, I2 11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 3, Close Combat 2 (Blades +2), Con 4, Electronics 2, Firearms 4 (Heavy Pistols +2), Influence 5 (Leadership +2, Negotiation +3), Perception 4 (Visual +2), Stealth 2 (Sneaking +2)

**Augmentations:** Cybereyes (rating 3 w/ image link, flare compensation, low-light vision, smartlink, thermographic vision), muscle replacement 1, platelet factories

**Gear:** Armor jacket (+4), commlink (DR 5) **Weapons:**

Ares Predator VI [Heavy Pistol, DV 4P, 11/11/9/—/—, w/ smartgun, explosive ammo] Combat knife [Blade, DV 4P, 8/2\*/—/—/—, \*max range is 15 meters] Shock gloves [Close Combat, DV 4S(e), 5/—/—/—/—]

control to get Okoro off their backs. Bessil initially wanted to simply assassinate Okoro but quickly discovered that Okoro already had a lot of evidence and material on oil operations and several other powerful individuals in Lagos. Rather than murder the lawyer, Bessil is working several angles to align an “accident” in hopes that it eliminates the threat but prevents a release of incriminating information.

While that is the case with Okoro, Bessil has no such limits with the runners. Once she catches wind of their investigations, the hunt begins. Bessil is not willing to risk a team of runners getting in the way of her plans or letting them help Okoro in any way. She will be looking for good opportunities to take a shot at the runners en masse with an explosive attack or go after them individually from afar and hope they still stay out in the open. Bessil has to live in Lagos, though, so even an explosive attack will seek to minimize collateral damage.

Bessil uses a collection of drones for surveillance. The drones are only used to watch the runners. When it comes time to take a shot or try to set an explosive on their vehicle, she will do that herself.
