---
id: KC-0039
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Sovereign Jurisdiction
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sovereign Jurisdiction

Sovereign and international law has created legal concepts of extraterritoriality that the corporations themselves could not necessarily justify without the states also having and exercising these powers. An extension of that concept, so to speak, is that states and megacorps and other sovereigns have expanded their legal reach beyond their territories. This is integral to the megacorps being able to exist because realistically, they have no home territory. It’s fundamentally someone else’s until and unless Atlanta secedes to become the Republic of Ares or something (no, Aztechnology doesn’t count). The power of territory-based states to legally extend their existence, and by extension their political and economic power, is what gives the megas all of their other powers.

However, the system that allows them to exert their influence in a way where a decision and action made in Atlanta dictates behaviors and circumstances of strangers in Hong Kong also makes these entities vulnerable to that same effect coming back to them. State sovereignty created the legal underpinnings of how corporations have operated since states first created them, including the power to exercise legal power and be recognized externally, as well as globally and beyond. It’s how the megas were able to adopt international law to take control over entities like the SEC and the WTO. It’s even why they can pick and choose which jurisdictions they can be sued in and under what law.
