---
id: KC-0183
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: 'The Triad Triangle - Posted by: Lei Kung'
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Triad Triangle

## Posted by: Lei Kung

As Mr. Bonds dug more deeply into the market manipulations and the Code, I decided to take a look-see into the activities at the street level. I can now confirm that things have become more territorial than before. Broken-Reed, 14K, and Yellow Lotus are all engaged in a power struggle to see who will get the science itself and not merely the design elements or finished products. True to form, they do not seem to be actively trying to kill off one another’s members, as that goes against the overall goal of preserving one’s own family first.

That, and the Yakuza have stepped into the conflict, and nothing unites warring factions more than an outside interloper.

Let me start with who is established where and how much this is going to chafe other larger forces when negotiations and espionage begin in earnest. Broken-Reed and 14K have moved to secure thestaff and residential locations where most of the personnel from Yingyong reside. Broken-Reed has a strong core of Awakened members within their ranks and has taken to providing magical and astral security for them and their families. 14K has begun deploying cadres of soldiers and faces into and around the main R&D offices as well as security for all common forms of transportation to and from the residences and the manufacturing and R&D properties. Lei Yimu, a tough taskmaster, has been tasked with the financial investments’ surety, which ultimately led back to 14K. Yellow Lotus has secured the manufacturing location and uses their front company Kanabo to legalize what they are doing and keep the nosey types away. Kanabo, for its part, has brought in additional staff to bolster onsite security at the production facility.

- I buzzed the offices and R&D site; their Matrix security has experienced a bump up as well. Even the remotes are showing improvements in their network firewalls.

- /dev/grrl
