---
id: KC-0334
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Magic Inc.
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- adept-powers
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magic Inc.

- **Hired By:** Atlantean Foundation

- **Activated By:** Contact with Alsiya

As one could tell from this name, Magic Inc. is focused on the arcane, and all of the members are Awakened. They lack a skilled tech expert and therefore use everything they can to avoid being vulnerable in that realm. As a result, they often end up being blind to that aspect of the shadows. The Atlantean Foundation sees St. Louis, and the powerful arcane vortices that focus there, as something they need to gain influence within. Garnering the Kechibi Code to influence finances in the city is their overall goal, but they also have made sure to inform their contractors that this is a “we get it or no one gets it” type of operation.

The team consists of five shadowrunners: Gaines (social adept face), Ticker (mystic adept combat specialist), Allen (physical adept brawler), Ocean (shaman support specialist), and Heller (combat mage).

Once on the trail of the PC runner team, Magic Inc. will send several spirits out to locate two members of the team whose names were provided to them by the Atlantean Foundation. The runners with the highest Reputation and Heat will be the targets for the spirit search. Once located, the spirit will keep following the characters until they have stopped moving and are at the same location for at least five minutes. Once this occurs, the spirit returns to its summoner and guides this summoner

back to the location in astral space. Once present in the astral, Ocean or Heller will identify the location in the physical world, then split up. One will tell the other team members where the PCs are, while the other will check out all of the characters’ auras to get a feel for the team. Ocean and Heller will then switch places, do another aura reading, and then try to do a little spying by stealthily manifesting in the location to listen in on their conversations. Through this spying, the team will get an idea of the PCs’ plans and start to look for a place where an ambush can be carried out.

The spirits will be assigned to keep following the runners as well as the two spellcasters trailing them in the astral while the rest of the team moves closer to the characters’ location in the physical world. Once the team is close enough, Ocean and Heller will rely solely on spirits to track the characters.

In the physical world, Ocean will use illusion magic to help keep Magic Inc. stealthy as they follow the characters. If any members of Magic Inc. are spotted, they will look to set up their ambush as soon as possible.

They fight like shadowrunners and try to gain every point of Edge they can, and they don’t fight fair. Each member’s description discusses some of the individual tactics and techniques they use. Overall, their ambush will have the following objectives in mind, in the order presented:

- **1. Survive:** These runners are not interested in dying foolishly as cannon fodder. They will break off an attack, flee, or hide in order to stay alive and fight another day. Their orders from the Atlantean Foundation support this.

- **2. Get the Code:** They will focus their attacks on whoever they believe has the code. Once they knock that person out, they will try to get the code.

- **3. Defeat the Team:** If the Magic Inc. runners don’t know who has the code, they will attempt to take down the whole team. They’ll coordinate attacks to bring down one individual at a time rather than spreading attacks around. They will use area-effect spells to get more than one target, while those with single-target attacks will go after a chosen target until they’re down.
