---
id: KC-0263
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: A Techno with an Axe to Grind
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Techno with an Axe to Grind

One particular person who is out to get their virtual mitts on the Kechibi Code is located down in PCC. He goes by the name Loophole and has a pretty interesting story, one that wakes me in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. He and his sister were pulled in by Gennex back in late 2070 in Denver. If you aren’t in the know, they were doing some pretty disgusting experimentation on technomancers until the reporter, Jane McCrory, broke the story and showed the gruesome images. Luckily for Loophole, he wasn’t one of the ones who died on the operating table. Unfortunately, his sister did.

He’s definitely low on trust these days. Seems that while Gennex took the fall, someone has been hunting him for the last decade. Being hunted since your teen years ages you real fast. I was lucky enough to connect up with them a few months ago on an info share about software that would find vulnerabilities in protected systems of hosts. Normally I wouldn’t pry into someone’s past, but the paydata they brought to the table was really solid and also highly targeted against MCT. Asked a couple of questions, shared a couple of anecdotes, and found out they were a survivor with a grudge.

So Loophole has been single handedly working to chip away at MCT any chance he can. Now he thinks that using the Kechibi Code is going to get him closer to that goal of paying them back for what they did to him and his sister. I don’t really blame him for his goals, and I have been passing paydata along to him, but I seriously can’t work with someone that reckless. One person isn’t going to bring down the biggest of the Big Ten, even if they have a code weapon like the code.

**>** Not without a lot of help, at least.
