---
id: KC-0295
source: The Kechibi Code
chapter: General
topic: Quick Geography
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Quick Geography

Even in this modern age, maps take forever to update. Maybe because people don’t want to let go of the past, maybe because people aren’t sure if this little bout of independence is going to stick, or maybe it’s just a lot more complex than most

people think. The Independent City of St. Louis spans a little more territory than the original metroplex because they not only took the section that was in the Confederate American States, but also annexed a nice little chunk of the UCAS. Not that anyone really cared about that portion of southern Illinois anyway.

The free metroplex now marks its western border out near Highway 47 from Hawk Point down to St. Clair. Along the south it starts following Highway 30 out of St. Clair but makes a jump just north of Grubville, where is swings along a slight arc over to Pevely, then through Waterloo, and Freeburg, before following Highway 15 to Fayetteville. The eastern edge, all on the UCAS side, follows Highway 4 to Mascoutah, then Highway 177 to Highway 160 all the way to Highland where is follow Highway 40 until it hits Interstate 70 then runs straight north until it hits Highway 140. Finally, along the northern edge, is Highway 140 and then Highway 255 until about 10 kilometers north of Godfrey it follows a similar arc to theriver over to Batchtown and then Winfield, where it uses Highway 47 again, ending where we started at Hawk Point. And just to be clear, it’s not like these roads are the official borders. The towns they pass through are also part of St. Louis—or will be as soon as they agree, or are forced to agree.

Now why did I describe all that? The main reason is to point out that St. Louis didn’t just take their city. They took cities and towns surrounding them and even had the gall to claim the confluence of the Missouri, Illinois, and Mississippi Rivers. They aren’t just some urban jungle. They grabbed water resources, farmland, mining quarries, state parks, airports, and everything they need to be a self-sufficient nation. Sure, they can’t really sustain an “American” lifestyle with their available resources, but with what they laid claim to, they could definitely survive.

They can also choke out powers north and south of them. They were already a trade hub, but now they are the trade chokepoint. With the assistance of the megacorporations in the city, St. Louis is going to become a pivotal point in this continent’s politics. With the restrictiveness of Denver these days, St. Louis will certainly become a new political hub.
