---
id: KK-0007
source: Krime Katalog
chapter: General
topic: KRIME KATALOG - Krime Tradition
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## KRIME KATALOG

**==> picture [594 x 197] intentionally omitted \<==**

## Krime Tradition

Old Man Krime (he _does_ exist, damnit!) always told us that we have to know where we come from, in order to know where we are going. So we looked deep into the traditional firearms that are wanted by a mass audience, and the old classic Tommy Gun came to our attention! With a thirty-round stick clip or a seventy-five-round drum for those “long discussions,” and the option of our budget model with wireframe skeleton furniture, modern chrome street styling, or a nice traditional look in blued steel and wood, we have also included: updates to the mechanism to make it more reliable, a slot in the stock to hold many different types of commlinks for logistics, a classic Cutz compensator, and pre-drilled holes for mounting a top-mounted Radio Shack S4.2 Smartgun System! Now the official weapon of Lone Star Correctional prison guards! Available as a budget model, in modern street stylings, or with that classic mobster look!

- Okay, Lone Star seems an odd buyer, but think about it: smartgun system that only works with the registered user, seventy-fiveround drum of gel rounds against unarmored prisoners, and the ability to “weaponize” the sound of the ammo in the drum moving back and forth or carrying stick clips to catch people unaware when they get used to hearing the drums. It’s a good design that only suffers from being too big for the performance it gives. Add on the stun bayonet that Krime also offers, and the screws just got a major upgrade from just having shotguns with gel rounds.

- **>** Black Knight

- Well, we finally found out how to have Krime make weapons that have decent accuracy: just build them a size larger. The Tradition is the size of an assault rifle. Forget violin case, you’d need a cybersynth or guitar case for this baby!

- Clockwork

- A guitar case full of guns? Who the hell ever heard of that?

- **>** Sunshine
