---
id: KK-0031
source: Krime Katalog
chapter: General
topic: 'krime ripper: sr6 stats'
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## krime ripper: sr6 stats

| **DV**                     | **MODES** | **ATTACK**<br>**RATINGS** | **AMMO**<br>**AVAIL**   | **COST** |
| -------------------------- | --------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------- |
| 5P x 2                     | FA        | 3/11/10/6/1               | 100 (belt) x 2<br>10(I) | 10,000¥  |
| \*\*Notes:\*\*See notes in |           | SR5 stats.                |                         |          |

- While they sell it on a trailer for the most part, you can take the whole system and fit it into the bed of a half-ton pick-up truck without many problems if you know your stuff. Though you should remember that it weighs more than a half-ton, so make sure your suspension is up to the task. The major issue with this thing is that it gets quite confused if you move while it is trying to fire, and it won’t hit drek.

- Clockwork

- Yeah, that part about truck mounts isn’t in the manual for a reason. Lots of units will do that and have some kind of bed cover to conceal it, and it will be a big surprise for soldiers who aren’t expecting it. It can also be rigger controlled, and it makes a brutal anti-infantry weapon, too.

- Picador

- I got one for the roof of my home, and added some additional sensors to the package to have it shoot down the pigeons that keep drekking all over my stoop.

- Slamm-0!

- I’ve seen some folks try to mount one on top of an SUV, concealed in an oversized roof carrier. Obvious and attention-getting when deployed, and it seems to almost rip itself off the mounts every time it fires, but if you only do that in the Barrens to keep the gangers from rushing you, it can work. Just hope someone official doesn’t ask to look inside the thing. Oh, and driving with it deployed is just a horrible idea all around.

- Bull

**PAGE**
