---
id: KK-0044
source: Krime Katalog
chapter: General
topic: Krime Splash Self-Defense Ammunition
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Krime Splash Self-Defense Ammunition

Sure, Krime has a reputation of selling to all sorts of immoral people—a horrible lie, we assure you. Only the highest-quality weapons merchants carry our goods! But when it comes down to a person’s self-defense inside their own home, there are lots of options on the market, all different things to help our customers defend themselves, help the blue crews track down the right villain for once, and so on. But they all are separate from each other. NO LONGER! The Krime Splash Rounds incorporate a trio of options into the same round! The outer coating is a friction-liquefying material that is impossible to wash off and paints the target in whatever color you choose when purchasing the ammo. This splash-color is just the jacket for a good degree of glitter-based micro RFID tags that get into the user’s skin through any non-chemical resistant or waterproof outfit, which sparkles while impregnated into their skin while also transmitting to the Matrix. Finally, the major layer, which protects you while the intruder is still in your face: a basic gel round that slams home like every other gel round on the market and is endorsed by nearly every security force on Earth, and quite a few off of the planet, as well! Drop them where they stand, and let them stand red-handed with a single Splash!

**>** Because the glitter gets into paint, these are good for tagging cars as well. **>** RRW

**>** I ordered a few crates of this for my company. Will let you know what I think. **>** 0rkCE0

**==> picture [462 x 165] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
ammo, per 10 rounds: sr5 stats ammo, per 10 rounds: sr6 stats<br>NAME DAM MOD AP MOD AVAIL COST COST<br>TYPES AR DV AVAIL<br>Krime Power Rounds — — 3R 75¥ MULT.<br>Krime Penetrators — –2 16F 250¥ Krime Power Rounds — — 3(L) x1.5<br>Buckshot Shells Krime Penetrators<br>+2 +1 8(I) x3<br>Krime Crackle Fin- Buckshot Shells<br>+2 –3 20F 300¥<br>Stabilized HEAT Slugs Krime Crackle Fin-<br>+3 +3 9(I) x5<br>Krime Laser Bullets — — 6R 125¥ Stabilized HEAT Slugs<br>Krime Punisher Assault +2 (BF/<br>Cannon Rounds –3 –3 8F 200¥ Krime Laser Bullets FA Modes — 3(L) x2<br>Only)<br>Krime Splash Self-Defense<br>Ammunition +0S +1 4R 100¥ Krime Punisher Assault –2 –2 4(L) x0.75<br>Cannon Rounds<br>Krime Splash Self-Defense — — 2(L) x2<br>Ammunition<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**PAGE** 27
