---
id: LH-0168
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "The F-State\u2019s Second Coming: Berlin"
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The F-State’s Second Coming: Berlin

_Scotophobia_ gave the impression that the neo-anarchists were forced out of their hidey-holes in other cities and simply relocated to Berlin. The reality is a bit more complicated, however.

- No kidding! I humped my hoop all the way to Europe, and there’s no place to go! Anarchists can’t get anything right!

- Flash-Banger

- Never let your cause outpace your logistics.

- Picador

The Free City of Berlin is a haven of anarchy and freedom, but even its communities can’t handle hundreds of thousands of refugees flooding the city, and during one of the most brutal winters of the century. And nobody could have guessed that the whole thing would happen again in February (see the Rhine-Ruhr’s “Kollaps”).

- In addition to a lack of resources, one of the core problems the city faces is that Berlin’s communities have certain mannerisms, traditions, unwritten laws, and lingo developed over many decades (and brutal conflicts). The neo-anarchists flooding Berlin have no desire whatsoever to learn, adapt, or be treated as supplicants.

- Anne Archiste

- What happened to neo-A solidarity? Some Berlin Kiezes (neighborhoods) are so arrogant that they don’t even want to join the United Anarchist Front (UAF), the biggest thing in the fight against the megas since that drekky Status Fluxus. You’ve been salivating over that in Berlin since fragging ever!

- Old Crow

Apart from the violent “liberation” of the autonomous island fortress Eiswerder by Sternschutz special forces (with Aztechnology supplying drones), and the destruction of the Rattennest— one of the best-known meeting places for runners and activists of the Sprawlguerrilla—by rockets, there were other losses. One of the most prominent was the murder of Morek Pflügler, a liberal dwarf pastor, architect of the city’s unity, and at the time of his death, the first _and_ second mayor of the city. Yes, Berlin has had a triumvirate of mayors as a local form of checks and balances since the reunification in the early 2070s. He was also responsible
