---
id: LH-0314
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Torrent - Posted by: Netcat'
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Torrent

## Posted by: Netcat

When most people see this powered wheelchair-bound male elf, they think he’s helpless. But little do they know; his frail body contains one of the most powerful technomancer minds the world has ever seen.

Suffering from severe amnesia, Torrent doesn’t remember his life before he was taken by MCT and experimented on for over five years. It wasn’t until a group of mercenaries and shadowrunners raided the facility on an unrelated mission that Torrent and several other technomancers were freed. To express his gratitude, Torrent joined up with the mercenaries, offering his abilities and services.

During the Disian War, Torrent was tasked with coordinating, encrypting, and decrypting all communications between Defender command and all cells, strike forces, and allies during critical operations. He was also responsible for handling, analyzing, and prioritizing critical intelligence for these operations. For most people, including technomancers, this could be overwhelming; however, because of the experiments done on him, he feels nothing and the only stimuli he feels is mental. So it’s not unusual for him to be listening to three different music pieces, analyzing reports, and monitoring worldwide events at the same time.

Despite suffering through physical limitations and trauma, Torrent is still a gentle soul at heart— he prefers to spend his days playing games like chess or go while listening to all forms of music.

Because of his knowledge and position within the Defenders, Torrent is considered a vital asset to be protected at all costs. He was with Atticus Cole when Big Top was attacked and tried to convince Cole to let him stay, but his request was denied. As such, he was among the first to be evacuated. After the detonation, Torrent took to the Matrix and used all his skills to continue coordinating Defender efforts until the battle was won. While successful, the strain on his mind and nervous system was too much and he slipped into a coma. Reports say he’s currently being cared for at an undisclosed location.

- Torrent was a great chummer. So chill, even with my hyperactive hoop. He was one of the few people who didn’t give me drek for it and I could even … well, I learned how to actually be calm.

- Electric Blue

- Before the war, Torrent was well-known in technomancer circles and was instrumental in helping wayward technomancers find safe harbor when they were being hunted. I pray for his recovery; we need more souls like his in this world.

- Lady Death

- That’s one opinion.

- Clockwork

**>** Really? You’re going to go back there after everything we’ve been though?

**>** Bull
