---
id: LH-0403
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Shiawase: New Directions'
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase: New Directions

At one point, Shiawase was heavily involved with the Disians’ plan. They were the ones who designed and (originally) built the Valkyrie modules used to help operate the Harvesters. But something changed within the corporation, and they began to distance themselves with their former partners. Reports conflict as to exactly why or when, though most suggest that it was Empress Hitomi herself who led the charge from within to purge the Disian influence, while others suggest her role wasn’t as significant. Regardless, Shiawase was the only corporation allied with the Disians that came out of the war in a significantly better position than before.

- One of the key reasons for this was that Shiawase-sama, unlike other corps, was actively apologetic for their actions and worked out deals with other corps for compensation, or (if rumors are true) other to-be-named favors.

- Baka Dabora

Even now, there are few real answers as to why. Most within the corporation claim massive infiltration by Disian proxies and several Faustians that allowed them to obfuscate Disian involvement with the corp in general, and leadership especially. While there is some truth to this, there’s also data suggesting that it was mostly a situation of looking the other way.

We’re not exactly sure when it happened, but Wuxing president Sharon Chiang-Wu decided to take covert action against the Disians by instructing one of the corporation’s best agents to get critical information regarding the Divine Map to the Defender Movement. Because of this, and Chiang-Wu’s continued efforts to purge Disian influence from her corporation by the end of the war, Wuxing was spared the fate the other corporations, such as MCT, had suffered.

- So basically, MCT was the only one who didn’t attempt a real heel turn and is taking the brunt of the animosity for siding with the Dis? That’s drekky.

- Knucklebuster

- Welcome to corporate politics.

- Mr. Bonds
