---
id: LH-0075
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Banzai Incarnate - Doesn\u2019t Play Well with Others"
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Banzai Incarnate

## Doesn’t Play Well with Others

At the forefront of Renraku’s efforts against the Disians are the infamous Red Samurai. Composed of some of the deadliest fighters (sporting top-of-the-line augmentations or power magics) on the planet, the unit is also fanatically loyal to Renraku. To say they compare (and in many ways surpass) some of the most elite military and special forces units in existence is a gross understatement.

The problem is, the Red Samurai know this and aren’t afraid to let everyone else know it, either.

Rumors persist about how they almost didn’t join Project Nemesis because they felt their wouldbe allies were beneath them and not up to the task of taking on the Disians _and_ their corporate allies. Never mind that groups like Grey Cell had already been doing it for a few years by this point. But that didn’t matter, the consensus among the Red Samurai, and to a lesser extent the regular Renraku corporate forces who also came along for the ride, was that if their allies were competent, they would (or should) have already defeated the Disians.

Now, it was up to Renraku to save the world.

- I won’t go into too much detail, but there was a lot of initial bad blood between the Red Samurai and several mercenary units operating under the Grey Cell banner. Weapons were drawn

For all their problems, there’s no denying Renraku’s effectiveness in combat. And by effectiveness, we mean complete ruthlessness with absolute disregard for things like collateral damage and loss of civilian life.

Choosing to operate relatively close to home, or at least in regions where Renraku has a significant presence, the Red Samurai, supplemented by Renraku corporate forces, went on an offensive that would make the shoguns of old envious. Disian targets were mercilessly hunted down and destroyed with a fervor that rivaled the Week of Death. Regular Renraku forces handled more mundane targets such as enemy shadowrunners or mercenary units, while the Red Samurai saved themselves for what they considered the ultimate challenges: chimeras, and when they could find them, Faustians and actual Disians.

- They also considered Harvesters to be “unworthy targets of true warriors” and left them for Grey Cell and others to deal with. I mean, go monster hunting, sure, but totally disregard the things that could literally destroy the planet? Fragging glory hounds.

- **>** Scattershot

Unlike other units that developed anti-chimera tactics, the Red Samurai simply charged in

RESISTANCE, ATand kept fighting until either they or their enemies were dead. For anyone else, such tactics may have been considered suicidal, but this is exactly what the Red Samurai were created for. Despite significant losses, the Red Samurai were often victorious.
