---
id: LH-0383
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Corp Standings and the New Order of Things - Posted by: Corporate Raiders
  (and friends)'
page: 181
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corp Standings and the New Order of Things

## Posted by: Corporate Raiders (and friends)

It goes without saying that the effects of the Disian Shadow War have altered—and will continue to alter—the corporate landscape for many years to come. It needs to be said that there are already repercussions going on within the Corporate Court. Those who fought against the Disians are looking to exact their kilo of flesh from those who sided with the Disians. And it’s shaping up to be an ugly fight, with rumors indicating the CC is gearing up for something akin to an emergency corporate audit to see where everyone stands.

There’s also a rumor going around that a resolution is being drafted and pushed by certain corps within the CC that will, in effect, prohibit any-and-all mentions of the Disians or the current shadow war. Not sure how far that will go, as not all of them are on board, but it’s nice to see things getting back to business.

Exact details on the Big Ten’s status are still scarce as all of them have pretty much gone back to being corps and telling their previous allies to pound sand (like we didn’t see that coming). And while it’s only been a relatively short time since the Disians’ defeat, we’ve still been able to get some data regarding the current status of each of the current Big Ten, and a few who are poised to make some moves.
