---
id: LH-0123
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: New City, New Allies, New Targets
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- adept-powers
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New City, New Allies, New Targets

As Novikov continued to gain ground against the White Vory, he also gained an unlikely ally and information that became extremely valuable to his efforts.

Silver Nail looked like just another runaway punk kid hanging out in the Renton malls. His parents were employees of Microdeck, a Spinrad Global subsidiary, and had been transferred to New York. Not wanting to leave the Emerald City, Nail fragged off with a sizeable chunk of nuyen (which he called his allowance) and started plying his emerging Awakened abilities on the streets. It wasn’t long until Nail became something of a wannabe shadowrunner.

During one of his so-called “runs,” Nail stumbled across a damaged cyberdeck in the back of an abandoned 2067 Impala. Like any other teenager, he and his team read the data contained within and tried to research it on the Matrix. Unfortunately, the search triggered a Matrix signal that got Nail and his team

some unwanted attention from some _extremely_ powerful people at MCT. Turns out the drive contained sensitive information regarding MCT and their collaborations with the Disians in Seattle.

And through some contacts, word also got back to Novikov.

MCT then hired a bounty hunter known simply as Minerva to retrieve the deck and eliminate whoever had it or knew about it. The bounty hunter easily found Nail’s crew and made short work of them, but Nail was able to escape with the deck thanks to a lucky Stunbolt spell.

For the next six hours, Nail managed to stay two steps ahead of Minerva, but eventually she caught up with him in a Renton shopping complex. While trying to evade, Nail literally ran into Novikov and a few of his Angels, who’d also been tracking the teen. After a brief fight with Minerva (who was left laying a clothes rack for Lone Star), Novikov took Nail to a safehouse where he offered to pay the teen magician for the deck and offered to take him on.

Nail agreed to sell the deck and took Novikov up on his offer.

- I know Minerva. I used her for some things on the east coast. Talented mystic adept who’s discreet and good at throwing knives. Last I heard, she was serving time at a Lone Star prison and nursing a grudge against Nail and the Metal Angels.

- SeaTac Sweetie

- Hell hath no fury …

- Slamm-0! Needle’s Eye
