---
id: LH-0407
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Other Corporations: OmniStar Ascendant? - Posted by: Stargazer'
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Other Corporations: OmniStar Ascendant?

## Posted by: Stargazer

Early in the Disian Shadow War, I became skeptical about my previous positive reports regarding OmniStar. They seemed to be actively trying to avoid conflicts, even if they would have come out on top.

I posted on that before, but I’m happy to be back here and dropping this bit of data. Post-Disian War, OmniStar has grown. Sure, not as muchas they could have, but that’s the first positive point. Rather than focusing on themselves and using their efforts to simply improve the bottom line, they instead kept a tight leash on their corporate sharks and focused on internal improvements rather than adding assets.

The hardest part of that involved _not_ diving in and grabbing chunks of MCT. OmniStar obviously didn’t want to accidentally take in agents and conspirators. They did, however, leap on former MCT contracts—medical facilities, security contracts, and databases full of arcane research had to be sold, and OmniStar was in a prime position to buy.

Despite this, OmniStar still didn’t live up to their full (expected) potential for one reason. Shortly after I reported that OS was being too hands-off, they stepped up and started pushing nuyen, influence, and access into the Defender Movement. DocWagon rigs were left running and unlocked to be “stolen” by runners. Lone Star response times were suddenly slowed when it came to responding to a Disian-related event. Formula databases were accidentally leaked to shadow nodes where magicians could learn all the latest and greatest with just a little studying, rather than shelling out a fortune for access and education.

- A second batch of rumors started about Aegis Cognito slipping over to OS, but all of it was just the collaboration of a couple corps to actually do some good for once.

(as necessary) and adjusted for arcane ideologies. Runners with the right connections were also getting access to shadow nodes where instructors were waiting to help.
