---
id: LH-0067
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Project Nemesis\u2019 Angels of Mercy"
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Project Nemesis’ Angels of Mercy

Anyone who has even cursory knowledge of warfare knows that support and logistics services are vital. Troops and soldiers may be the ones doing the fighting, but someone has to supply them, feed them, clothe them, and so on. That includes

RESISTANCE, ATfixing them by providing medical care for those chewed up in the meat grinder of combat. This has been where Evo has shined.

Maintaining covert hospitals in urban areas along with MASH-type units in the field is no easy task, but Evo has pulled it off. Those caught up in the unpleasantness that was the Week of Death often found refuge and protection in an Evo-owned clinic, hospital, or any one of their multiple subsidiaries. And since then, anyone who could identify themselves as a Defender was given full care. It was one of the few times corporate extraterritoriality has worked in our favor.

- No doubt. One of my teammates lost their legs to a chimera attack and told me to take him to the local street doc. I was skeptical at first because the chimeras and their handlers were still hot on our hoops, and unless this doc had some mad security and defenses, we’d be sitting ducks. So, imagine my surprise when this “street doc” worked out of a fully staffed, level-one trauma rated, Evo-owned hospital. Not only did he get some wiz new legs, but they kept us safe when the local law tried to come in and take us for “questioning,” and later helped us slip out the back once my chummer was healed.

- Brutus Ex Mechina

- I’m surprised they didn’t take you anyway, or just blow the place up to get you.

- Flash-Banger

- In any other situation, maybe. But blowing up a hospital or even a clinic makes headlines, garners sympathy, and ultimately causes people to ask questions. Which is something the Disians don’t want or need right now.

- Sunshine

- I’m sure the bad guys have tried to infiltrate one of these medical facilities.

- Knuckleduster

- Protocols and security procedures have been implemented, but nothing is foolproof. An Evo clinic in Seattle was infiltrated using forged bona fides. The morning shift came in to find everyone dead.

- Butch

- I heard Karen King herself went after those responsible but never found them.

- Slamm-0!

- Evo has also started recruiting more and more shadow-types to provide extra security or run interference for them. Heck, in some cases local gangs and criminal organizations have kicked in for some extra muscle.

- Det. Gumshoe
