---
id: LH-0416
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Black Lodge
page: 190
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Black Lodge

The Black Lodge was one of the biggest power-players operating behind the scenes in the Disian Shadow War and they opened doors the rest of the Defender Movement couldn’t. It was recently discovered that the Lodge ran interference and were key players for both _Seraphim_ and _Data Bomber_ , paving the way for Defender agents to all but paralyze multiple government agencies and their military forces with relatively small groups, and in some cases single operatives, thus allowing the Defender Movement to conduct operations against pro-Disian forces unmolested.

Post-war, the Black Lodge reportedly started to make moves to further entrench themselves within several governments—and even a few corporations—reeling from the damage inflicted on them during the conflict. But rumors suggest those plans were cut short when the Un-Awakening stripped several members of their magical abilities, and in some cases outed them. Those who were identified were quickly arrested or simply disappeared.

This forced the Lodge to fall back, something they’d done before in order to reassess and regroup. New rumors suggest that the lodge is now recruiting to replace their lost members and begin yet another plan to accumulate power behind the scenes.

- Some of those rumors suggest they’re trying to further develop relationships with a certain law firm with the initials STV.

- Legal Eagle
