---
id: LH-0134
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Community (Kitchen Table) Posted by: Goat Foot'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Community (Kitchen Table) Posted by: Goat Foot

“The Community” found its roots in the aftermath of the blackouts in Philadelphia as a place for people to come together for support, though it quickly diverged into a realm of its leader’s own making. Founded by the charismatic Calvin Marshal, the Community presents itself as a sanctuary for those who are disillusioned with societal norms and kept down by the world. They advocate for a return to what they claimed were the practices of early primitive living and being one with the land. Beneath the surface of its religious syncretism and communal living, however, lies a rigidly controlled, insular world. This is an idea that’s quickly spreading worldwide.

- Does primitive mean no cyberware or modern medical practices as well?

- Khan-A-saur

- Members are allowed to have cyberware if the local leadership, a.k.a. “Father,” allows it.

- Goat Foot

- Are there drum circles in the backyard?

- T3chK1d

Community members are drawn into a lifestyle that demands total commitment, blurring lines between devotion and control. The leadership, predominantly male, dictates the details of daily life, from familial roles to financial contributions. They envelop members in an all-encompassing bubble that systematically isolates them from their previous identities and the outside world.

Within the Community, individuals’ lives transform, purportedly aimed at spiritual purification but often resulting in a form of depersonalization. Members must surrender personal assets, adhere to strict community roles, and participate in collective businesses—the most visible of which are the “Kitchen Table” restaurants.

- So, when someone joins, they give up EVERYTHING they own? What about ’ware?

- Pistons

- Depends. Sometimes they get to keep it, but there are multiple cases of ’ware being removed because it offends the leadership, or so other members can better use it.

- Goat Foot

**>** I have been told they have a military aspect called the “Davidians.” That’s where all of that “better used” ‘ware goes. **>** Picador

- Do people not recognize cults anymore?

- **>** DangerSensei

Children and adults alike are funneled into the operational needs of these establishments, often under the guise of education and service. The line between community duty and exploitative labor becomes increasingly blurred, even by modern AAA corporation standards, and ethical eyebrows have been raised about the use of volunteer labor under the umbrella of religious freedom.

On the surface, Kitchen Table offers a quaint dining experience, with its rustic decor and Sixth World charm. Yet these restaurants are strategically designed to finance Community operations and serve as a recruitment tool. They are strategically located near colleges or other areas where young adults gather. Customers are drawn into a carefully curated atmosphere that belies the complex, and often contentious, reality of the Community behind it.

Criticism of the Community and its enterprises, including Kitchen Table restaurants, centers on allegations of labor exploitation, particularly concerning the involvement of children and the lack of clear boundaries between voluntary community service and economic necessity. Moreover, the group’s insularity and control over information have sparked concerns about members’ ability to make informed choices and, if they so choose, to leave.

Former members have come forward with stories of a life marked by manipulation and coercion, challenging the group’s public presentation of voluntary, blissful communal living. The Community, for its part, dismisses such criticisms as misunderstandings or misrepresentations of their spiritual commitment and lifestyle choices.

The allure of a simpler life and the promise of spiritual purity attract individuals seeking refuge from the Sixth World. However, the reality beneath Kitchen Table’s homely façade and the Community’s spiritual veneer is a testament to the darker side of human yearning for belonging and certainty in this increasingly uncertain world.

- This sounds like we have a hippie infestation!

- T3chK1d

- So, this group is okay with metahumans, but not women?

- Perri

- Well, you know, what do you tell a woman with two black eyes?

- Slamm-0!



- Oh, please tell me …

- Netcat.

- Ah … I love you darling! Tell me who did it and I will go take care of it?

- Slamm-0!

- Like I’d need your help.

- Netcat
