---
id: LH-0121
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Those That Are Greedy While the World is Fearful - Posted by: Mr. Bonds'
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Those That Are Greedy While the World is Fearful

## Posted by: Mr. Bonds

Even with the possibility of Armageddon on their doorstep, some still prioritize profit over survival. Doomsday entrepreneurs see the looming disaster as an opportunity to provide essential goods and services for those preparing for the worst or to take advantage of those in need.

I don’t think it’s just that. I believe disasters exacerbate real or perceived pre-existing social inequalities and power differences within society. Whatever it is, those who hold positions of authority, wealth, or influence may seek to consolidate their power, maintain their privileges, or exploit the vulnerabilities of others to further their interests.

On the other hand, those who feel exploited may use the situation as an opportunity to take what’s owed to them. Disasters make it easier for those who feel slighted because the event can disrupt or overwhelm existing protective structures, such as law enforcement agencies and social institutions. This creates conditions that encourage others to perform criminal activity, and the absence of effective oversight or protection often emboldens many individuals to engage in opportunistic or unethical behaviors with impunity.

The erosion of ethical boundaries and moral considerations is a sobering reality in this time of crisis. Desperation, fear, and greed can lead individuals to prioritize personal gain over colTHOSElective welfare. They may use public expression of moral or virtuous beliefs and actions primarily to enhance one’s image or social status. Also, these individuals may engage in virtue signaling to portray themselves as morally upright or socially conscious, even if their actions don’t align with genuine altruistic intentions. It doesn’t have to be straight nuyen, it can be things that hold value, like social approval, financial rewards, or other forms of gratification while claiming to serve the interests of others or the broader community.

I intended to break down the elements into distinct individual groups. As I delved deeper into the details, however, especially those of criminal organizations, I found they were intricately intertwined, with each thread connecting to another. Attempting to isolate them into discrete categories proved futile, as the interconnections defied simplistic classification. I’ll cover the areas I know, but I have asked some more knowledgeable folks to talk about the others who have all benefited from the possible end of the world.

Now that you’re up to speed, let’s see who the big million nuyen winners _could_ be.
