---
id: LH-0174
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Australian Republic: Natural Disaster Area'
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Australian Republic: Natural Disaster Area

Posted by: Winterhawk \<04-25-83/1205:16>

The Land Down Under is a mess.

Manastorms, normally a common occurrence on the continent, have only grown exponentially in size, intensity, and (most alarmingly) frequency within the past weeks.

Everything is being affected. Matrix coverage is spotty at best, with wireless signals being physically disrupted as equipment is damaged or destroyed. When a connection can be established, it’s quickly overwhelmed by desperate users.

Shelters are also filled to the breaking point as the number of displaced increases while supplies decrease. Highways, air and aerospace ports, and even seaports are constantly jammed. Emergency services are being pushed to the breaking point as well; there are simply not enough people to respond. Based on current projections, the entire continent will become engulfed in manastorms within the next three weeks.

This has caused many to evacuate by any means necessary. Note, I said many, not all. Those trying to evacuate are mostly outsiders, such as corporate employees, foreign dignitaries and their staff, visitors; anyone who isn’t a resident has been trying to leave with varying levels of success.

And that’s just the mundane stuff; magic is going crazy there as well. There are traveling mana ebbs and voids that make spellcasting and summoning extremely hazardous, as drain can be dangerously unpredictable.

- Thank the Disian Mobile Harvesters for that. Task Forces have been hunting them since their discovery near the Yucatan-Aztlan border. Unfortunately, they’re difficult to track by physical and Matrix means. And unless we can find and take them by complete surprise, they’re under orders to self-destruct. That’s causing those “dirty” storms.

- Point Guard
