---
id: LH-0006
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: All or Nothing - By RJ Thomas
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## All or Nothing

## By RJ Thomas

\<<\<EMERGENCY FLASH TRAFFIC/ -DECRYPTION COMPLETE-/BEGIN MESSAGE>>>

**TO:** Col. N. McCord, CO 61st IRR, TF-313 **FROM:** Big Top Actual **Date:** 10-Apr-83/1113:58

Recent intelligence indicates a possible new Disian weapon being tested near the Aztlan-Yucatan border; all current data is being forwarded. Orders are to conduct immediate recon in-force with primary objective to confirm/obtain further intelligence. Secondary objective is the elimination of any discovered weapon(s) or other priority targets with extreme prejudice.

Good hunting.

\<<<END MESSAGE>>>

“Colonel, we’ve got movement in the target area.”

With a swipe of my hand, I accessed the team’s imagelink ARO window to see what was going on. Parked just over four hundred meters away at the bottom of a low hill from our current observation post were three heavy-duty semi-trucks with oversized trailers. I was just in time to see all three trailers parting down the middle, their sides folding into platforms. As everything locked into place, technicians from a nearby Aztec temple began their work under the protection of Aztlan soldiers.

At the first trailer, the techs connected cables and attachments I didn’t quite recognize but seemed familiar. With all the communications gear, and a large dish covered in what looked like obsidian, this had to be the command module. Med-techs swarmed over the second trailer, which contained at least fifty modified Valkyrie modules with sedated metahumans inside.

Recognition quickly set in … and I didn’t want to believe it.


**==> picture [612 x 390] intentionally omitted \<==**

“Is it just me, Colonel, or does that last one look like a nuke?” a familiar voice rumbled in my ear.

Resembling a twentieth-century Soviet ICBM launcher, a large cylinder almost the entire length of the third trailer raised into a vertical position and locked into place. A cold rage formed in my gut as the cylinder powered up, revealing a scaleddown Disian Harvester.

“Yep, but this is worse,” I replied to my heavy gunner, Corporal Marvin Castle (a.k.a. “Main Event” and Reaper Four for this op). Checking the task force’s M-TOC tactical network, I confirmed the other two detachments were also in position.

“Reaper Six Actual to Banshee Six and Wraith Six, you have eyes on those three trailers?”

“Affirmative, though I wish I didn’t.” Banshee Six replied.

“Is that what I think it is?” Wraith Six asked, uncertainty in her voice.

“Yeah, think so, and we’re gonna treat it as such. Stand by for orders, no way we can do this quietly. And we’re not giving them the chance to power that thing up to full in case we’re right.”

“Banshee copies.”

“Wraith copies.”

Shouldering my custom Ares Desert Strike, I swept the area with my scope as a battle plan formed in my mind.

They were in a clearing approximately five hundered meters in diameter with the trailers in the center. An inner defensive perimeter anchored by repurposed ruins on the southeast side was set up at two hundred meters. Five crewed HMG emplacements, four on the ground and one on top of the temple, created overlapping fields of fire into the nearby brush. They were backed up by eight fire teams packing small arms and portable ballistic shields to support the HMGs and redeploy as needed. Everything about this setup said, “dig in and fight.” And that didn’t account for the unknowns in the temple.

What also got my attention were the five mages integrated with the defenders.

Still, I didn’t see any Faustians, and that worried me because if this was some big weapons test, they tended to be running the show.

Oh well, we’d find out soon enough.

“Reaper Two, any signs they know we’re here?” I said to Sergeant Ken Greenblat (a.k.a. Silver Tongue). Completely antisocial outside of combat, the salty dwarf was a Matrix code and electronic warfare virtuoso.

“Negative. Looks like they’re staying dark _or_ haven’t set up their wireless uplinks yet,” he grumbled.

“Copy that. Reaper Six Actual to all detachALLments, incoming frag orders … Banshee, take the trailers, secure if able, slag if necessary. But get what you can from them,” I said, knowing what the full weight those orders meant regarding the kidnapped metahumans on the second trailer. “Wraith, move on the temple. Secure if able, eliminate or stall any reinforcements therein. Reaper will target the mages then provide support. Once our targets drop, it’s go-time. How copy?”

Taking a deep breath of humid, earthy jungle air, I felt the familiar flow of magic move through me, and the world slowed almost to a crawl as I placed my crosshairs a few centimeters above her nose just as another mage walked behind her. I waited an extra half-second and then, in that moment between breaths, a drop of sweat fell from my forehead and my trigger finger gently squeezed.

“Banshee Six, solid copy.”

“Wraith Six, also copy.”

I then turned to address my team. “Okay Reapers, time to do some harvesting of our own.”

Cpl. Castle, Sgt, Greenblat, and Sgt. Sara Hollander (a.k.a. Doc Ripper, a.k.a. Reaper Three) all bumped fists before shouldering their weapons. A bear shaman, Hollander was one of the rare magicians assigned to a razor detachment because she was one of the best combat medics in the biz. And because Disian-powered magic was exceptionally potent against Awakened individuals but less against augmented types, razor teams and detachments were predominantly chromed. So, when an Awakened operator _was_ assigned to an RT or ODR, they weren’t someone you wanted to frag with.

Greenblat and Hollander shouldered their own Desert Strikes while Castle set aside his prized Ingram Grey Knight MMG for his customized Barret 122. Most needed a bipod to operate the hard-hitting .50 cal rifle. But for Castle, it was just another one of his toys.

“Okay people, here’s our play: mages first, I’ll designate. Then, Two, you do your voodoo and jam everything that’s not us. Three; keep those spirits you’ve got on standby, we’ll deal with any magical fraggery. Four, after taking out your initial target, get back on your Ingram and support whoever needs it. Copy?”

“Copy, geek the mages first and spirits on standby,” Hollander replied.

“Copy, _that,_ ” Greenblat echoed.

“Copy, Boss,” Castle replied before kissing his Barret’s scope.

Thinking back to the unfortunate souls trapped on the second trailer, it was hard not to feel a little righteous anger. The sooner we dropped these fraggers, the sooner we’d complete this mission and maybe, _just maybe_ , save the innocents.

“Maybe,” I reminded myself. The mission _had_ to come first.

With the Desert Strike tight in the pocket of my armored shoulder, I quickly designated my team’s targets and then popped the faceplate on my light mil-spec armor to get a good cheek-weld, because fundamentals and skill counted more than tech. I then zeroed in on my first target, a female mage in her mid-twenties; the Blood Daggers unit patch on her field uniform was still clean. Not for long.

Both heads erupted in a slow-motion explosion of gore as the .308 round evacuated _both_ their skulls. It was pure coincidence that the second mage had moved when he did. I simply took advantage of the situation.

“Tangos down,” I said over the tac-net as a chorus of “tango down” from the rest of my team followed suit.

Seconds later, fire erupted from the tree line as Banshee made their play. Surging forward behind a salvo of rockets and heavy-caliber tracer rounds, four Steel Lynx drones obliterated the MG emplacements closest to the trailers then laid down suppressive fire on the next two. Behind them, four Flyer-90 special operations vehicles charged in, adding their own volume of fire into the mix as they swarmed the trailers and took up defensive positions.

Unfortunately for Banshee, the Azzies held their drek together and counterattacked. Just as Banshee reached the trailers, two Azzie MG emplacements concentrated their fire on one of the Steel Lynxes and clipped one of the Flyers. The Lynx was eviscerated and two of Banshee’s shooters were critically wounded. The Azzies then quickly checked their fire, likely not wanting to risk the trailers.

But Banshee was on their own for the moment as Wraith and Reaper quickly found themselves in the middle of a nightmare.

Thirty seconds after Banshee began their assault, high-explosive grenades (courtesy of Wraith) blasted the MG emplacements nearest to and on top of the temple, neutralizing the guns and anyone within fifteen meters, including several Azzie grunts. Those outside the blast zone quickly deployed their shields and fell back in good order, laying down fire to cover their movement toward the temple’s main entrance.

Solid tactics, I would have done the same. But I would have also checked the nearby hill to make sure there were no threats occupying higher ground.

“Reaper Four, light ’em up. Reaper Three, we drop any stragglers,” I ordered, wanting to clear a path for Wraith.

Watching Castle operate heavy weapons was like watching a neurosurgeon operate. He braced his Ingram against his shoulder and let out a longburst of alternating explosive and APDS rounds. Not wasting a single round, he slowly walked his fire into the retreating Azzie troops.

A heartbeat later, Wraith was on the move and made a textbook approach to the temple’s main entrance with zero resistance. I lost direct visual with them when they rounded the corner, but the M-TOC was still up and running. So far, Banshee was holding their own on their side of the battle even though they’d lost another shooter to a ricochet. Their techs were busy pulling data and hardware from some cyberterminals in the command vehicle. At the same time, Wraith’s combat engineers were about to plant white phosphorus charges when the temple’s massive bay doors blew outward as if some massive force had _kicked_ them. The engineers were crushed as several grotesque forms, looking like rejects from a Lovecraftian novel, attacked.

_“Chimera sighted, repeat chimera sighted!”_ came a static-laden message from Wraith’s comm-specialist before the line went silent. Drek! “Reaper Six Actual to Banshee Six, you copy?”

“Banshee Five here! Six is dead, I’ve assumed command.”

“Copy Five, continue with primary mission. We’ve got chimera in play; Reaper is leaving OP to support Wraith. Will meet at Rally Point One-Seven if we live. How copy?”

“Solid copy, Actual! Give ‘em hell sir!”

I then looked over to Greenblat. “Stay here, keep your head down and the comms open for as long as you can. If we buy it, link up with Banshee, and don’t argue.”

“Fine, deny me payback,” he grumbled.

I then turned to Hollander and Castle and swapped my Desert Strike with the Yamaha Raiden in the Gunslinger scabbard on my back. “Three, your friends need to get us down there _fast_ !” I said, to which she nodded _._ “Four, you know the drill, weapon’s free!”

Castle responded by locking a fresh new belt into place.

“Okay,” I said. “Saddle up!”

Racing down the hill at breakneck speeds, weaving through dense thickets of trees and around large rocks, Hollander’s air spirits carried us down the hill and into the clearing just in time to see a squid-gator-type chimera grab one of Wraith’s shooters and bite them in half. Having minimized all AROs in my field of vision, I didn’t know and didn’t want to know (yet) who’d just bought it.

As soon as my feet touched earth, I was off and running, magical energy pumping through my body like nitrous oxide through an engine. At this point, I didn’t really need the M-TOC to know where my team and tangos were; I could _feel_ them

all. Every sense I had, every muscle in my body was primed, online, and ready for whatever horror was around that corner.

Yeah, famous last words.

Several different chimera types, including a couple I’d never seen before, attempted to close in with Wraith’s shooters and literally tear them apart. But Wraith wasn’t going down without a fight. Once the chimeras’ existence had been confirmed, I and other experts developed tactics and protocols to deal with them. And thankfully for Wraith, they were working; three chimeras were already dead on the ground.

Per protocol, Wraith had broken off into as many fire teams as feasible to give the chimera multiple targets to choose from. They kept their distance (as much as possible) and laid into them with as much firepower as they could muster. But the chimeras had the numbers, and it was only a matter of time before Wraith was overwhelmed.

Bringing up my Raiden, I zeroed in on a destroyer chimera trying to flank and put a long burst of explosive ammo across its face, taking out all three eyes on its dinosaur-like head. Hollander followed suit, but it was Castle’s Ingram that separated the monster’s head from its body. Over the M-TOC, I ordered Wraith to fall back to my position in a Bounding Overwatch maneuver with Reaper was the anchor. One by one, each of the fireteams grabbed their wounded and made it to (relative) safety under covering fire. Hollander even dropped a tentacle-spider-looking thing with a Manabolt spell. Soon, there were only three chimeras left.

My Raiden went dry for the second time, and I’d just slammed a new magazine home when suddenly an otherworldly screech echoed throughout the clearing. This one wasn’t auditory, I _felt_ it in my soul rather than hearing it. My knees almost buckled, my vision swam, and I felt blood trickling from my nose. I saw that Hollander was equally affected. The rest of my task force was still hurting, but not as bad as we were.

Oh, frag me, there _was_ a Faustian on the field.

A massive shadow then engulfed us, and I looked up, expecting a Faustian to attack. But I was wrong, oh so fragging wrong. The figure landed directly on top of a Wraith Fireteam, killing them instantly. Most of its 4.5-meter-tall body was roughly shaped like a massive gorilla, reminiscent of the flat-vid _King Kong._ Its outer form looked more like some kind of bio-tech armor that Faustians used, but the head was something I’d only seen in e-files and holo-vids: an actual Disian.

Without needing orders, every one of my shooters with a weapon unloaded on this thing … which did absolutely nothing. Looking down on us like we were insects, a pair of what I could only describe as “astral arms” formed above its normal ones.

And then it charged.

“Spread out!” I yelled into the comm as I ran ina wide arc, emptying my rifle’s magazine, hoping to at least distract the Disian so that some of my people could evade. But no luck. With every swing of its arms, broken bodies went flying. Those who managed to dodge dumped whatever ammo they had left into it, the barrels of their weapons glowing red or even white hot. Even Hollander’s sprits had cut and run.

“Reaper Three, Barrier spell! Try and slow it down!” I ordered.

With a quick motion of her hands, Hollander formed a shimmering gold dome around the Disian.

The otherworldly freak stopped its rampage and considered the spell for a moment like a curious child before sneering in what looked like contempt and backhanded the magical wall, almost shattering it.

_Almost._

With a look of incredulousness mixed with anger, the markings on the Disian’s forehead began to glow. My eyes went wide, and I yelled for everyone to take cover just as the Disian let loose with a massive energy wave. The weakened barrier spell shattered, and the wave bulldozed everyone to the ground.

Feeling like I’d been hit with a dozen flashbangs, I somehow stumbled to my feet just as the Disian strode toward Hollander. I did the only thing I could think of; I drew my weapon focus, Spector, let out a war cry, and charged.

Looking like a plain short sword, something an ancient mercenary or sell-sword would use, Spector was my first and only weapon focus. She came out when things were _truly_ fragged.

Either the Disian didn’t see me or it didn’t consider me a threat, because it didn’t move as I leapt into the air and slashed across one of those astral arms. And to my surprise, the Disian recoiled in pain, giving Castle and another shooter a chance to get Hollander out of harm’s way.

Landing on the ground, I instinctively ducked and rolled, just as the Disian’s meat-arm tried to backhand me into oblivion. In reply, I slashed back. Surprisingly, Spector left a mark, not a deep one, but still. The Disian realized I could hurt it.

I now had its undivided attention as blow after blow came crashing down. And time after time I

dodged ... barely. My shooters fired a few potshots, but the Disian ignored them and pressed its attack on me. I got in a few more shots, but with each strike its blows came closer and closer to landing. The fatigue and damage from its earlier magical attack had me exhausted, and it took everything I had just to defend myself.

Apparently frustrated, the Disian stopped, slammed its feet into the dirt, and screamed like a petulant child before regaining its composure. It looked at me in utter disgust, as if it was tired of this affair. Its eyes and forehead symbols started to glow again, and I knew this was it. At least I’d distracted it enough for people to escape. And hopefully, Banshee had made it out with the paydata.

Chuckling to myself as the … thing powered itself up again, I popped my faceplate off, buried Spector blade-first into the ground in front of me and gave the Disian the middle finger.

It must have known the gesture because its face twisted in anger. So, I gave it the other finger.

Enraged, it pointed its hand at me like some cut-rate anime character, energy forming at its fingertips.

“ _Colonel, move!”_ I suddenly heard through my commlink. Grabbing Spector and diving to my left, in the corner of my eye I saw Banshee’s two remaining Steel Lynx drones and one of their Flyer-90s _plow_ one at a time into the Disian at full speed, sending it spiraling to the ground.

Without thinking, I was already in motion. Reversing Spector in my grip, I leapt at the Disian and landed knees-first on its chest with a _thud_ . It only had a half-second to realize what was happening and tried to cry out, but that was cut short as I buried Spector into its forehead symbols and twisted with all my might.

From there, things get fuzzy.

I remembered the Disian screaming and some kind of energy discharge that surged through me before … bursting (if that makes any sense). And after I fell to the ground, I hazily recall Castle and other shooters running toward me, med-packs in hand. But the last thing I remember before my vision went dark was thinking, “If this is it, it’s not a bad way to go. I gave it my all, hopefully saved some people, and took a fragging monster with me.”
