---
id: LH-0245
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: \<<<Incoming Message>>> - decryption enabled/ID authenticated/ \<05-28-83/2042:09>
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## \<<<Incoming Message>>>

## **decryption enabled/ID authenticated/ \<05-28-83/2042:09>**

**To:** Torrent, Big Top Actual **From:** TF-313 Actual

**Re:** Targets Located

New targets designated Gamma-51, -52, and -53 located. Heavily guarded. Will conduct observation and recon ops per standing op-orders.

- Zippy Toetag

- Materials for a coverup?

- Dr. Spin

- Okay, before this goes too far, let me lay it out for everyone. Full disclosure, this was an op in Puyallup that went horribly wrong. Disians had set up a secret stronghold and the idea was to let the chimeras and a few Faustians (which we didn’t know about) loose to cause chaos and take out priority targets during the upcoming Week of Death. Karen King was one of those targets. This was also one of the strongest targets we had to date, so the decision was made to send one of our new (at the time) cyberzombie strike units in to deal with it and get a proper field test. But the zombies’ controllers were geeked at the outset of the op. So, the zombies simply followed their last order: kill all chimeras. And you know the result. The fighting spilled out into the streets and became a running battle with neither side caring about the collateral damage. Now, there’s nothing I can say to justify any of this. The decision was made, the dice were rolled … and unfortunately too many innocent people died.

- Rifleman

- Please tell me the Defenders stopped using these things.

- Borderline

- I wish I could. We did the only thing we could do: learn from the mistakes because even the good guys frag up. It’s one more thing to put on our list of sins to atone for.

- Rifleman

- I … I honestly don’t know what to say.

- Netcat

- I’ll say something. Even though this was a tragedy, the fact that a chimera nest was taken out meant that I was able to later secure Seattle, which protected and saved a lot of lives in the long run.

- KaKingAres
