---
id: LH-0423
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Sirrurg\u2019s Not-Quite Rampage"
page: 190
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sirrurg’s Not-Quite Rampage

The Destroyer’s mark on the Disian Shadow War was brief, but his actions after the fighting stopped continue to raise concern. While most dragons went back into hiding (or wherever), Sirrurg continues to pop up to utterly annihilate something or someone. With most of the other great dragons absent over the last several weeks, there’s no explanation as to why. Some also fear that with them gone, there’s no one to truly check Sirrurg, and that escalation is a real threat.

So far, his strikes seem to coincide with individuals and things that had any connection to the Disians. All known Harvesters have thus been reduced to molten slag by the great dragon, while more and more people are ending up as dragon chow (both metaphorically and literally).



- As long as he’s keeping to traitors, I got no problems with that.

- Scattershot

- Yeah, but what happens when he runs out, or collaborators fall off the menu?

- DangerSensei

The prevailing theory is that Sirrurg is on a mission to destroy anything Disian that remains on the material plane. But the issue some have is why is he even involved at all? Yet another thread that I’m sure we’ll have to deal with eventually.

- Given Sirrurg’s general attitude about metahumanity, I find this rumor dubious at best. But there are whispers that there are groups supporting Sirrurg in his anti-Dis hunts. Anyone who remotely helped the Disian cause is considered fair game, leading to a growing number of witch-hunts in the shadows.

- Wyrm Watcher

- And this is bad how?

- Lady Greenfire

- Given your mentor spirit, and the disciplines you follow, you of all people should realize the gravity and inherent danger of exactly this kind of situation. I guess “and harm ye none” has gone out the window.

wee folk. The money isn’t a huge deal, she has wealth to spare.

Between being one of the few greats to make an appearance after the end of the war and the younger dragons never really having proper respect for the leviathans, she’s got her hands full now trying to help keep dragon society from collapsing in on itself.

All this doesn’t mean she didn’t gain nothing from her efforts. Being repeatedly caught in the act of actively helping metahumanity stave off potentially world-ending events … sorry, “catastrophes,” isn’t exactly bad press. Her reputation with metahumans in coastal and riverside cities is on the rise. In Seattle, St. Louis, and Boston, her fixers are gaining reps for offering prime jobs (all of which have a hooder angle) in and around her myriads of dens, in places like Hawai’i, Indonesia, and Wales.

I’m just here making sure folks know she’s around and on the up and up for metahumanity’s protection. Stepping up against the Disians was a big start. but expect her to keep up the good fight.

- You know who would have been happy about this spiritual Independence Day? Ghostwalker. Too bad he hasn’t been seen since Antarctica.

- Frosty

- Winterhawk

- Unless you’ve seen what I have, don’t you dare talk to me about harm!

  - Hey, word is Kalanyr has moved over to the FRFZ to watch over it for GW while he’s gone.

  - Slamm-0!

- Lady Greenfire

- I heard Damon was there.

But as the days started to add up, the shadows started to relax a bit as the reality of no longer being in imminent danger set in. But what we failed to realize was that we weren’t the only ones who were wounded. I’ll let others talk about all the drek that came next. I need to kill some brain cells and memories.

- Turbo Bunny

- Weird. I heard Damon finally popped back up in Boston after Eliohann left and settled into Denver.

- Stone

- Maybe they’re all there?

- Matt Wrath
