---
id: LH-0301
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Buttercup - Posted by: Elijah'
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Buttercup

## Posted by: Elijah

Alas, poor Buttercup, this war may have been too much of a strain on you.

Before the war, the free spirit known as Buttercup was one of the biggest driving forces in what eventually became Evo Corporation. While not technically part of the board, or even in a position of leadership, the sheer number of stock shares under her control afforded her several liberties and latitude within the corporation. This meant that when the Disians declined Evo’s offer to join them, she was able to convince the board to open up all the prototype vaults and start pumping out every untested bit of chrome the corporation had to use against the Disians.

- Not just that, I think Evo’s leadership felt it was easier (and safer) to just let Buttercup do her thing, whatever random thing that may be.

- Mr. Bonds

For those of us in magical circles, that’s a massive red flag for her.

Unfortunately, Buttercup didn’t emerge from her floor again until the attack on Evo’s corporate HQ. While the building and surrounding area sustained significant damage, and will take months if not years to completely repair; it wouldn’t be standing if it wasn’t for Buttercup.

After-action reports backed by footage from numerous sources show Buttercup bursting from her floor and morphing into some kind of lizard-demon form before viciously counterattacking the Disian forces. To say it was a bit of a slaughter was an understatement. Screeching the entire time, she tore into anyone who wasn’t Evo. This allowed most of the civilians to evacuate the area.

From there, she took to the air and traveled to several Harvester sites in proximity to Vladivostok and into Southeast Asia, where she continued to help the attacking Defenders (bit of an oxymoron there) by throwing herself at the Disian forces, often breaching their defenses and allowing the Harvesters to be taken. This was repeated at least three more times during the course of _Operation: Eviction Notice_ .

After the battle, she returned to the destroyed Evo HQ, more like her old self, but different. This time, she was leading the recovery efforts, right up until the moment magic stopped working. Then she, like many other spirits, simply vanished. But unlike those who later returned, she has yet to be seen.

- Interesting definition of “safer.”

- Arete

- Was she that powerful a free spirit? I mean, I heard things.

- Knucklebuster
