---
id: LH-0223
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Point Hoshi: Sea of Japan'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Point Hoshi: Sea of Japan

\<05-30-83/1130:18>

Considered a pyrrhic victory, a special maritime task force calling themselves _Poseidon’s Privateers_

OTHERconducted a desperate underwater assault on this submerged, nearly-completed Harvester. A variant design, this Harvester was made from five different _Nemo-class_ Mobile Underwater Modular Structures (MUMS). Modules One through Four were already attached and operational; only Module Five remained.

Rather than fight the JIS naval presence in the area, the privateers instead infiltrated Module Five just after its completion and rode within it to Point Hoshi. After arriving, one team initiated a boarding action while another planted demo charges on the Harvester’s outer hull; the hope being at least one team would succeed in the mission.

Eight out of the ten-member entry team were killed, forcing the survivors to evacuate the Harvester while the demo team only managed to set three-quarters of their charges before engaging in a pitched underwater battle. The privateers’ evac team arrived on scene and managed to pick up the mortally wounded demo team just ahead of a JIS attack submarine. At the same time, the demo charges detonated but didn’t destroy the Harvester.

The evac sub’s pilot then initiated a kamikaze-style attack and rammed his craft into the Harvester, causing massive flooding and finishing the job. There were no privateer survivors.

- And that was just one, there are several other underwater Harvesters out there.

- Broadside

- Damn, that’s … wait. What the frag? Someone just posted this!

- Bull
