---
id: LH-0266
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '/End Message/ - Update One: Into the Storm - \<07-21-83/0614:05>'
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **/End Message/**

## Update One: Into the Storm

## \<07-21-83/0614:05>

As the Disians begin the initial phases of the Final Project, a mixed Defender strike force, callsign: _Rough Rider_ , led by the Seventy-Seventh Independent Rangers and consisting of elements from the Sixty-First IR, along with the Twenty-Second Spartan Legion, the Iron Cavalry, units from MET2000, and a frag-ton of irregular forces, such as independent mercs (most of them Broken Arrows), shadowrunners, and support-types, is racing toward the area formerly known as Dutchville, Pennsylvania, just ahead of some really nasty manastorms. Our target is a Disian stronghold known as Site-000, or as we call it, “Triple Zero.”

Triple Zero contains the Disians’ primary, and stable, extraplanar portal. It’s through this portal that the energies collected from the Harvester Network will be channeled back to their home metaplane. It’s also the main artery from where any Disian reinforcements—or a final retaliation strike—will come from.

I’ve also _just_ learned that a secret extraplanar expeditionary force made their way onto the Disian metaplane to attack them directly! This means that our secondary objective is to secure Triple Zero so those crazy fraggers can make their way home.

_Whoa!_ Frag me! That lightning bolt was huge, but where’s the sound? _*ahem*_

Therefore, it’s vital that Triple Zero is secured. But it won’t be easy. Triple Zero boasts a layered defense that would put an MCT Zero-Zone to shame. Composed of both physical and magical security measures, the fortress is protected by an unknown number of elite MCT corporate troops backed up by an unknown number of chimeras. It’s also been confirmed that there are a “significant” number of Disian war forms on site.

With the Disians initiating the Final Project, there’s no time for subtlety; this is a full-on assault against a hardened, entrenched target occupied by a powerful enemy.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

No pressure.
