---
id: LH-0386
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Dassault: New Power Block?'
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dassault: New Power Block?

Ironically, it’s because Aztechnology was betrayed on multiple fronts that they might survive this post-shadow war crisis. Don’t get me wrong, like MCT, the Azzies are going to pay a steep price for their involvement with Dis and all the catastrophic consequences it had on the Sixth World. Three factors, however, will save the megacorporation from being entirely dismantled.

The first one is that MCT betrayed the Azzies and took the lead as the Disians’ best friends, which somehow makes MCT more responsible and guilty. And if MCT isn’t blown to pieces post-crisis, why would Aztechnology? So, because MCT is most likely to subsist (barely, but still), the Azzies will too. In a sense, being fragged over by their ally turned out to have been a blessing in disguise.

- Don’t forget, MCT stuck with the Disians until the bitter end; even though it was because of the insane amount of Disian infiltration, and therefore under duress. Still, the optics aren’t good, especially when other corps like Shiawase, Wuxing, S-K, and Aztechnology all did their version of a heel turn before the end.

- **>** Sunshine

- Hey! No spoilers!

- Corporate Raiders

The second factor also stems from betrayal. It’s clear now that in the final weeks of the war, Dassault leaked a tremendous amount of intel to the Defender Movement and their allies, weakened the defense of sites they were supposed to secure, and committed all sorts of treasonous acts against their true masters in the name of, well, the survival of metahumanity. Despite being latecomers to the party, their contribution cannot be denied.

In some places, Dassault’s intervention was crucial. In other spots, their intel or discreet help meant that the operatives from Grey Cell and others could reach their secondary objectives, or simply retreat and fight another day (or another Harvester) with significantly fewer casualties.

- Many runner teams implicated in missions in which Dassault was involved are now in an uncomfortable position, because they now owe their lives to some blood mage like Aurore Bloch. Of course, those bastards have certainly ensured they will not forget their debt by using the heat of battle as an opportunity to collect material links.

- /dev/grrl

- It’s bad, but some others have it way worse. At least one unit of Bloodpanthers has joined Dassault’s renegades, and imagine being owned by a group of highly educated and military-trained vampires, doubling as Aztec religious zealots.

- Plan 9

- Four if you count the fact that it’s a AAA-rated. Owning a golden ticket and then truly disassembling it, in ways that would put the global economy in jeopardy (even more than it already is right now), is a herculean feat that NO one wants to have to deal with.

- **>** Sim-Eon

- Ahhh … say what?

- Red

- I have more positive feedback. I’ve heard through the grapevine that being brothers-in-arms during war to save metahumankindhas, in fact, forged some strong friendships between megacorp elite units and runners alike. Sure, a Red Samurai who fought alongside a group of runners in the last few months will not refuse to go after them if the team is caught casing a Renraku site, but they might give them a fair warning.

**>** Old Crow

The third factor doesn’t directly involve Dassault, but it does involve yet another story of betrayal. And why stop talking about it now? The timeframe is a little wonky, but at least ten days before the final battle on July 21, Aztechnology managed to contact a Grey Cell task force (without them killing each other). A specially planted agent, reportedly placed there by Salazar himself, then relayed mission-critical data regarding not only the location of all Mobile Harvesters, but also the Disian security codes. Additionally, during _Operations Eviction Notice_ and _White Fury_ , Aztechnology personnel who were reportedly loyal to Salazar actively aided Defender forces.

- This was after Salazar managed to secure his position within Aztechnology. And let me tell you all, the transition of power wasn’t a smooth or clean one.

- Pyramid Watcher

- And given the Skyhook tragedy, Aztechnology has been milking the public sympathy for all it’s worth. And who wants to look like they’re beating up on a corp when they’re down?

- **>** Deadline

So, yes, when the time to pay for the Disian crisis comes for Aztechnology, despite being one of the guiltiest parties in this mess, the megacorp will survive and retain its AAA status. And all thanks for being played by MCT and betrayed by their own (up until now) docile servants.
