---
id: LH-0152
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: log it! journaling utility from mCt! - JOURNAL ENTRY THIRTEEN \<10-29-82/1115:31>
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **log it!** journaling utility from mCt!

## **JOURNAL ENTRY THIRTEEN \<10-29-82/1115:31>**

Hamita-san was transferred today. While transfers happen all the time in a corporation as large as Mitsuhama, I can’t help but feel that something doesn’t add up. I just saw her yesterday, early in the evening. She was working on some unreleased footage, a press conference for Buttercup of the Evo Corporation. Originally it was touted and sold as Evo announcing some kind of new technological breakthrough. Instead, I watched the footage as Buttercup hijacked the conference to warn the world of—get this—the Disian infiltration.

The Disian fragging infiltration! I’m surprised she was able to ramble on as long as she did before the feed was cut off. Technical difficulties, obviously. Up until this point, the Dis has only been mentioned on ShadowSea, other than that touch of media I received over two years ago from my now-missing street doc. Hamita-san knew she was going to be up all night working on some kind of spin, likely to show that Buttercup was insane. Logical. I mean, if I hadn’t been snooping in ShadowSea, that’s exactly the thread I’d take. I offered to help, but Hamita-san sent me home to get rest, stating today was going to be a big day.

When I came in at 0500 this morning, Hamita-san’s office was cleaned out. Everything, and I mean everything of hers was gone, like she’d never existed. Instead, the Entertainment Division was greeted by Miriam Ito, fragging Miriam Ito, one of the Ichi of all MCT! Anyway, Ito-san introduced us to Hamita-san’s replacement, a brutish looking human standing over two meters tall with dark skin and a hooded brow that contained the deepest black cybereyes I’d ever seen. Ito-san said his name is Turian Greigh, and to afford him all the respect and honor his position dictates. This

Greigh lacks the polish and sophistication that I respected and took for granted from my former supervisor. He’s blunt, abrasive, and orders me around instead of treating me like a valued member of the division. And up until today, I’d never seen him before in the entirety of MCT Seattle.

> Calling it now, Greigh is a Faustian. > Spume

> A little on the nose, don’t you think? That’s comic-level villainy. > Stone

- I’m standing by it. Remember, this is a journal. It’s painted in Nico’s perceptions. And thanks to the Scotophobia download, we know that Miriam Ito is either one of the Faustians infesting MCT, or even possibly a Disian in disguise. There’re still dozens unaccounted for.

> Spume

- Why would Ito care about internal media within MCT? And more importantly, this journal entry was made months before that press conference.

> Sim-Eon

> Is this proof that the Buttercup thing was planned? Maybe MCT found out about it early, and tried to stop it? But eventually Buttercup comes out and screams that the Disians are real. Either way, the Disians are in damage control here, and either Hamita couldn’t be trusted to do the job correctly, or she questioned too much, which compromised her.

> Knick Knack


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!
