---
id: LH-0035
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Rise of the Auditor
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rise of the Auditor

In any war, someone has to be in charge. Current information indicates that the Disians’ leader, known as the Highest One, has designated the Disian known as the Auditor to complete the Final Project. Datafiles and field reports indicate the Auditor has been on the material plane for at least a decade (possibly more) and played a key role in establishing alliances between corporate and governmental entities, as well as creating the Harvester Network. From what we’ve determined, it was the Auditor who initiated the current defensive strategy and acceleration of the Final Project.

Unfortunately, this is all the current data we have been able to assemble regarding the Auditor.

- Makes sense. They only trust the people they can control.

- Old Crow

- I don’t know about anyone else, but sometimes these Disians don’t make any damn sense.

- Turbo Bunny

- They may have the same thoughts about us, or any other metaplanar beings. The thing is, we’re dealing with a literal alien intelligence who developed their own norms and ways of thinking. What makes sense for us may be completely alien to them, and vice versa.

- Frosty

  - I don’t suppose anyone else has paydata regarding this Auditor slag? Or who this agent was?

  - Icarus

  - Her name is Stiletto. She was a member here on the Asgard Data Haven, and she seems to have history with Lyran. But as far as I know, Stiletto hasn’t posted on Asgard in months. And aside from a quick post here, Lyran has been persona non grata as well.

  - Orbital DK

  - I’ve tried to track Lyran down, get a message to her, but no luck.

  - Glitch

- Seems rather simple to me. They need to eat, and we’re in their way. Oldest law of nature there is. Everything else is simply semantics.

- Red

- Speaking of, I’ve been hearing through certain channels that some kind of super-chimera has been seen in the field. Rumor has it that a Grey Cell task force tangled with one near Yucatan and was almost wiped out. Anyone have paydata to share on that one?

- Brutus Ex Mechina

- Since the cat’s out of the bag, I went ahead and got authorization from the boss to drop this little bombshell. We’re still working on all the data, but yeah, my task force encountered an actual Disian in the field wearing (or maybe operating) what our liberated chimera allies called a “war form.” These things are no joke. They’re brought out when the Disians are done fragging around. The best way I can describe them is to take the strongest, toughest chimera out there, and amp it up by a factor of ten. Then give it magic on par with a high-level initiate mage. I’ll see about putting up relevant data in the appropriate part of this download.

- Rifleman
