---
id: LH-0079
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Draco Foundation Launches New Humanitarian Initiative
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Draco Foundation Launches New Humanitarian Initiative

By Michelle Pesina, Horizon News Network \<03-29-83/1701:05>

Amid the series of natural disasters and acts of global terrorism, the Draco Foundation has announced the Caregiver Project, an initiative to help those who’ve been affected by recent tragedies.

In a recent press release, new Draco Foundation chairman Toshi Akimura said, “The purpose of the Caregiver Project is to identify those who have lost their homes and their vocations due to recent violence or natural disasters and help them find safety and refuge. With the aid and support of multiple charitable organizations and select individuals, the Draco Foundation is spearheading the efforts to relocate and care for as many of these refugees as possible. This includes relocating them out of danger zones and into safer areas. Additionally, we’ve offered both monetary and logistical support to organizations currently working in the disaster zones.”

Not everyone is pleased with this new initiative, however. Some critics have accused the Draco Foundation of once again interfering in matters they have no business in. There have even been allegations that this new initiative is being used to help known or wanted criminals and terrorists avoid capture. In response, Akimura said, “Our mandate is to help those suffering, full stop. We do not, and will not, use our influence to hinder any law enforcement operations in any way as long as they have valid legal orders and authority. We will abide by all local and international laws, which includes maintaining and upholding any and all civil rights of individuals.”

- And **now** it’s “they.”

**>** Fianchetto

I have to believe that. Because the alternative is that there is some piece of her left in there, realizing what has happened to her, knowing she has lost control of her body. Trapped, because we need her to be.

I helped Esther from the beginning. I helped stage her campaign. I influenced who I needed to so that she would win. I advised her, guided her, listened to her. I told myself I loved her, even though I never said it to her.

But if I did, would I have let that happen? Have we asked ourselves how much humanity we have to sacrifice to save the rest of it? And what will we lose of ourselves in the bargain?

- I now know why we don’t have militaries raining death on our heads.

- Hard Exit
