---
id: LH-0303
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Empress Hitomi (Lady Death) - Posted by: Baka Dabora'
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Empress Hitomi (Lady Death)

## Posted by: Baka Dabora

It doesn’t surprise me in the slightest that Empress Hitomi Shiawase saw the Disian threat within her beloved corporation and had the courage to do something about it. Standing up against Disian infiltrators, she orchestrated a resistance that eventually led her to the sacred slopes of Mount Fuji, where they continued to hold the enemy at bay and prevented them from constructing one of the accursed Harvesters. When they failed to accomplish that, the foul Disians and their minions simply sought to eliminate the Empress and her followers. Buoyed by her warrior spirit, her Seigi No Te defeated wave after wave of metahuman and monster alike until the Disians finally gave up.

With her victory secure, she returned to Shiawase to complete the purge of all traitors, and together with her husband, began the process of rebuilding and revitalizing the corporation to bring it into the glory it so richly deserves!

**>** For frag’s sake, who let this hoop-kisser make this post?

**>** Icarus



- No one else wanted to do it. And because I have way too much drek going on to deal with it, I let him. Okay, that may have been a bad idea.

- Glitch

- This is … fine. He may have glossed over and oversimplified the details, but he speaks the truth for the most part. Those who followed me fought bravely, and some died heroically. Several Mobile Harvesters were air-lifted to Mount Fuji, and we were forced to deal with them. Thankfully the intelligence about them was true. There was a flaw in their Matrix security that I was able to exploit—although their Matrix defenses were more substantial than originally reported. I am also taking a more proactive approach to Shiawase’s future. I cannot say exactly how at this time, but I will no longer sit on the sidelines after everything that has happened. This world needs healing and rebuilding.

- Lady Death
