---
id: LH-0092
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Complacency is Compliance - Posted by: Ire'
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Complacency is Compliance

## Posted by: Ire

I’ve never been a believer in the idea that those who don’t battle evil, are evil. It’s too self-righteous for my tastes. In general, I know average folks don’t always have the power or resources to act.

With that being said, I do think a being with vast resources and immense power sitting on the sidelines is a problem. Reinadelmar, the Great Sea Dragon, is staying out of this fight for some reason. I don’t like it and I don’t trust her.

- So **that’s** her name! Been searching years for that!

- Wyrm Watcher

Maybe it’s because she has a brood to worry about (yeah, that’s right), but that seems to me a better reason to get involved when the world is in danger. She’s either a fool or worse, an accomplice. We already know she’s got metaplanar access to develop her brood, and now we need to wonder if she’s brokered a deal with the Disians. I keep decent tabs on her, and I hate to say it even though it needs to be said. Because if she’s on their side, we’re in serious trouble. We need more eyes and ears on this dragon’s dealings, because we can’t have another major force from our plane working against us.



**>** On this guy’s note, I’d like to toss out another complacent entity—this time it’s a corp that should be doing something, but they’re not. I’d suggest you keep a close eye on all things “Star” related. OmniStar is growing fast, and they’re making a lot of positive efforts in corporate cultures, but they’re sitting on their hands regarding the Disians. They’re overbidding contracts to avoid any potential complications from having to protect Disian efforts. And while it might seem like a good thing to refuse work from them, it’s really a cop-out because they don’t want to risk their new reputation. OS has been distant despite having plenty of opportunities to participate. They aren’t helping the Disians, though their absence can be seen as looking the other way. Some might see it as smart business, but sometimes smart business needs to be ignored in order to advance the greater good. OmniStar has been touting collaboration lately, which is fundamental to their merger model and to developing relationships under their umbrella, so everyone thrives in the long run—if there is a long run. That’s where the problem starts. OS definitely has assets that rival at least half the current AAAs. So, the argument of personal battle vs. bottom line is at stake here. And at what point does a mega need to act for the greater good, and not the good of their investors’ bank accounts?

**>** Stargazer

- Greater good? Corps? HA!!!

- Old Crow

- The corps working against the Disians aren’t doing it out of some kind of altruistic ideal or even for mere survival. No, each fragging one of them is working an angle. And if we survive, the first thing they’ll do is look for how they can take advantage of the situation.

- Corporate Raiders
