---
id: LH-0250
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Tragedy at Skyhook as Aztechnology President Presumed Dead!
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tragedy at Skyhook as Aztechnology President Presumed Dead!

Reported by: Lew Steinbush, NewsPulse LIVE!

At 0551 local time, the Skyhook Space Elevator suffered a catastrophic event that caused the entire elevator structure to collapse, killing thousands.

Among the dead is beloved Aztechnology president Flavia de la Rosa and two other Aztechnology board members. All were special guests at the Waypoint Observation Center, when orbital debris collided with the center causing massive structural damage and killing all on board. This collision also caused a catastrophic, cascading effect that resulted in the space elevator’s destruction.

Officer in Charge, Isabella (Bella) Hama’s last transmission to ground control was “Orbit out of sync, tension on the cable is red.” Thirty seconds later the main cable snapped, causing the entire structure to collapse. Emergency procedures were enacted which saved the lives of hundreds of occupants and workers and prevented the loss of the ballast asteroid and other attached modules, which were able to achieve stable emergency orbits.

As of this report, the Space Rescue Service is still conducting search and rescue operations, both in orbit, and on the ground. Hundreds of survivors have been saved thus far, but thousands more remain unaccounted for.

Representatives at Saeder-Krupp, Aztechnology, and Ares could not be reached for comment. However, Aztechnology has relesed the following statement, “Our hearts weep for the lives lost today, including the life of Aztechnology president, Flavia de la Rosa. This tragedy has shaken us all. The brave members of the Space Rescue Guard and ground crews continue their tireless work searching for survivors and stabilizing any damaged structures. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers as they continue their duty.”

We will post new details as they develop.



- Current death toll is 594 confirmed with approximately 1,200 still missing, so expect those numbers to rise. Needless to say, people are freaking out about this. There’s also been a lot of chatter regarding Skyhook’s destruction. There’s more going on than what the talking heads are reporting.

- Orbital DK

- I remember seeing this live. Heartbreaking.

- Turbo Bunny

- It’s a basic report. Pretty standard fare when reporting on a horrific event with no details. Basic “Here’s what happened. No details. Stay tuned!”

- Kay St. Irregular

- Understood. But it’s important to give the starting point. As things develop, you’ll start to see concerning bits of information; if you know what to look for.

- Orbital DK

- Such as?

- Plan 9

- For starters, the damage shown versus explanation doesn’t add up.

- Orbital DK

_midpoint between its terrestrial and orbital connection, just below where Waypoint was anchored, causing the structure’s collapse.”_

_“While human error with overcorrection cannot be eliminated as the cause for the cable and structure failure, it’s more likely that the cable and station were, in fact, struck with orbital debris, compromising structural integrity. The strike most likely occurred after the most recent service and engineering inspection. There is a high probability of the debris originating from a recently scuttled satellite. The operational stresses over time most likely led to the weakening of the damaged Skyhook cable, which then led to catastrophic failure. New protocols for satellites at the end of life (EOL) should be developed and universally accepted to prevent future accidents from occurring.”_

- Typically, tension stresses will cause a failure at the weakest point. There are pre-engineered break points to reduce the level of collateral damage. But this snapped right in the middle, where the shops, offices, and several other modules were located. Engineering a break point there is foolish. And SaederKrupp would not miss an error like that.

- Polaris

- Sabotage?

- Snopes

- Okay, lay it out for us.

- Bull

- With as much junk that’s in orbit, debris strikes are a common occurrence. So, unless it was something massive, there’s no chance Waypoint and Skyhook would have collapsed the way they did, let alone cause that kind of cascading damage. The entire structure is designed to prevent this very thing from happening.

- Orbital DK

- Fair. Now, playing Devil’s Advocate here. What if, say, corners were cut, or people got lazy? Happens all the time.

- **>** Bull

- Point, but I’ll rebut with this: That doesn’t happen in space. Those who cut the corners are just as likely to die as everyone else. If that’s not an incentive to get it right the first time, I don’t know what is.

- Orbital DK

- I have obtained preliminary engineering accident reports and can confirm they are not consistent with the damage incurred. Anyone with a background in engineering, structural materials, and statics is going to realize this. Here are a couple of excerpts.

- **>** Polaris

_“Early reports show that after impact, there was a de-synchronization with the Spacehook’s geostationary orbit. The stresses caused the main elevator cable to snap at the_

- The central section of the elevator was heavily reinforced and inspected regularly. So, emergency response protocols were not designed for a structural failure at this section. A break at this location, however, would cause the most destruction with the lowest possibility of correction.

- Heimdall-R

- I think that was a bragging point when they built it. Touting all the design safety specs. I mean Saeder-Krupp has a rep for safety.

- Sunshine

- A failure at the cable’s midpoint would cause catastrophic damage, and it seems that that failure was intentionally caused. That level of sabotage is more than a structural hit. The level of coordination, planning, and equipment for an op that big is mind-boggling.

- Ma’Fan

- And let’s not forget that we’re kind of at war here. A strike that takes out Skyhook just happens to also take out Aztechnology’s president and two cabinet members? I hate to ask this, but are we sure this wasn’t a Defender op? I mean, they’ve had to pull some shady drek lately and have the capabilities.

- Old Crow

- No way in fragging hell. Ringmaster would never sign off on something like this, especially when there are easier, cleaner ways to prosecute those targets.

- Picador



- Yet cyberzombies are fine? Putting dangerous tech and weaponry out into the world is fine? Sacrificing people on a whim is fine? Not a big leap if you ask me.

- Borderline

- Anyone else find it strange how fast the preliminary accident reports came out? Normally these investigations are conducted only after search and rescue ops have concluded. An investigation like this is going to take months, if not years. It’s almost like a canned response.

- Osprey

points to an assassination! It’s unclear if the attack was meant to also destroy Skyhook, or if it was simply collateral damage.

It’s currently unknown who the attackers are, but unconfirmed reports indicate that the terrorist Grey Cell network has claimed responsibility.

Aztechnology, backed by the nation of Aztlan, has issued an emergency petition to the United Nations and Corporate Court to renew global anti-terrorist operations and “hunt down those responsible for the tragic loss of life at Skyhook.”

More on this story as it develops.

- I can’t explain it, but this reminds me of the idealized physics problems we had to do in school. And first person to make a crack at me about going to school gets a missile up their hoop.

- **>** Turbo Bunny

- Also, the sanitation of all the reports and press releases? They read more like a homeowner’s association newsletter. Bland, boring, and filled with empty platitudes. There’s also no mention of financial or environmental impact. No standard estimate of lives lost. And there’s no method for family members and the like to request or submit information. That’s a glaring omission right there.

- Deadline

- Interesting insight. I noticed that possible fault reports indicate either human error or environmental hazards causing the break. No public report ever mentions the possibility of sabotage or terrorism.

- Polaris

- I am afraid you have spoken too soon, friend. I was able to access, then enhance images from some nearby satellite feeds at the time of incident. I will show anyone who wants to see them, but they indicate that approximately 1.24 seconds after the supposed impact, there were several micro-detonations all around Waypoint and Skyhook itself. Physics took over from there. Also, the following was broadcast minutes ago.

- **>** Heimdall-R
