---
id: LH-0238
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Ultimate anti-Disian Weapon?
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ultimate anti-Disian Weapon?

_Desperate times call for desperate measures._ This phrase perfectly sums up the Disian Shadow War. After all, what have we got to lose at this point? Don’t we have an obligation to metahumanity to use any and all tools at our disposal to ensure our very survival?

Logically I understand that, but ethically … the jury is still out. And should we win the day, what happens to these tools, these weapons? That is something we will have to deal with, should we survive.

- Considering how cyberzombies are made and how the supposed good guys have been procuring subjects, you bet your hoop we will.

**>** Borderline

All moral and ethical issues aside … Fact is that cyberzombies are one of the most

/Opening File: Bandit33005, Transcript Only/

**Voice #1:** What in the Hell are those things!? Fragging hell, we’ve got to get out of here! Izzy, move!

\<explosion detected; small arms fire detected>

- 17.3 second pause * <sudden scream heard>

**Voice #1:** Izzy … Izzy! Are you okay?

**Voice #2:** Walter … the baby, what happened? <sounds of baby crying detected>

**Voice #1 “Walter”:** She’s … she’s fine, fine. Everything is OK. Izzy, you’re bleeding!

**Voice #2 “Izzy”:** <labored breathing detected> Can’t move. Damn lucky shot got my spine. I’m dead weight. Both of you, get away from here. One of our old safehouses is nearby, with the sewer entrance in the basement. Get out, keep the little one safe.

**Walter:** Izzy … <unknown pitches in voice detected>

effective weapons in the Defender arsenal against the Disian threat. They’re the only entities that can consistently go one-on-one with the more powerful chimera-types and stand a reasonable chance of success. And the process and enchantments that hold the zombie’s spirit in its body are extremely disruptive to the local mana, which makes them all the more potent against Faustians and their Disian masters.

I don’t have specifics, but my sources within the Defender movement have informed me that cyberzombies have been deployed against some of the hardest Disian targets and were successful in 86 percent of their missions. Even getting one into a target is often enough to cause severe damage to an enemy. And if they can be sent in teams or en masse … well, it’s often a bloodbath because they’re not _precision_ weapons. This doesn’t change the fact they’re still extremely dangerous and can get out of control.

I was recently sent a rather haunting file, a vid and audio track from a nanny-cam on a stroller of all things. Someone witnessed cyberzombies versus chimeras and spent their final moments capturing some audio and video, making sure their account of the event was exported. First, you see a toddler giggling and, in the background, children playing at a small city park. Audio is a lullaby being sung, punctuated by laughter and lighthearted chatter. Then, the camera starts shaking as a low rumble grows in intensity, then come the screams. A pair of arms grab the infant, sending the stroller careening on its side, facing the playground.

That’s where things start.

**Izzy:** Just go. I love you.

**Walter:** <whispering> Love you <sound of footsteps and crying fading>

*13.3 second pause* <wounds of weapons fire in distance>

**Izzy:** Voice … command, establish remote session, send audio to secure storage. Gotta stay awake, keep talking. Focus; can’t drop the signal. <heavy breathing detected> My name is Izzy Frinde. I’ve taken a bullet to my spine, can’t feel anything. I can see a red pool forming under me. I hope someone retrieves this, finds out what’s happening, and those responsible. I don’t know how much of this my image link is recording, so I’ll … play-by-play.

<weapons fire and explosion sounds in the distance> 

**Izzy:** Oh, Ghost, there are still kids at the playground. Wait, what are those flashes? I smell ozone. <panting detected>

*23.9 second pause* \<sounds of weapons fire, screams in distance>



**Izzy:** I … I don’t know what’s going on. It sounds like … battle kicked off. It’s moving forward. I can see … what am I seeing? Oh, Ghost! What are those … nooooo!
