---
id: LH-0145
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY SEVEN \<09-14-82/1331:44>
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY SEVEN \<09-14-82/1331:44>**

It’s been six months since I last spoke to my parents. To be honest, I’ve barely noticed the time go by—I’ve been so involved with my work. I do good things here, especially for my family; MCT. I’ve worked hard for Hamita-san, vetting, editing, and even altering all the new data that comes our way so it is easy and palatable for the people to digest. I’ve really taken to her, too. She’s smart, sophisticated, and she listens to my problems. Plus, those graceful cheekbones and almond elven eyes … swoon! It’s a shame she’s married. But I’m more than grateful to have her as a colleague, and maybe one day as a friend. I’ll do whatever it takes to make life for my family easier.

If something seems too hard for them to view, to accept, I’ll tone it down. If it makes MCT look bad or nefarious, it never makes it to them. What we do here is so important, it’s precious. No one should be trying to shatter what Mitsuhama has

taken decades in sculpting; they have made a better world for everyone.

But … I did receive something strange recently. In my editing, there was an odd dwarf, a street doc they called him. He was doomsday-talking. Typically, it’s absolute kibble and I toss it. I’ve heard all of this a million times now. This time, though, something stood out, and I can’t say why, something about the way he spoke of the doom-bringers and how they were intent on devouring our world.

He called them Disians.

**>** Wait a minute. What’s the timestamp on that journal? **>** Thorn

**>** Now we see why this also caught Flatline’s eye. They’ve been here, and in deep with MCT, for quite a bit of time it seems, chummers.

**>** Serapion
