---
id: LH-0304
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Miriam Ito - Posted by: Rigger X'
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Miriam Ito

## Posted by: Rigger X

The real Miriam Ito died during a magical experiment mishap in 2073. The being that continued working at MCT after that was a puppet, a thing under the direct control of the Disian known as the Auditor. Now, there’s still speculation if Ito was a Faustian brought back from the brink of death or an infiltrator chimera. In the end, it doesn’t matter, as Ito died shortly after the sealing of the Disian metaplanar gate that ended the shadow war in July of 2083.

But the damage she caused, especially to MCT, is still being felt.

After her _recovery_ , Ito went on to supervise multiple ultra-secret projects within the corporation, all while reporting directly back to the Auditor. Eventually, she was made a special advisor and troubleshooter to the MCT board of directors. Her main job was to keep MCT in the Disian fold, which she had little trouble accomplishing, at least at first.

As MCT’s war losses mounted and Disian support started to waiver, reports began circulating that Ito was replacing “troubling” or “disloyal” elements within the corporation. And no one asked the question: with whom? Ito quickly gained a fearsome reputation within the corp, that she was kind of a grim reaper and that to displease her would lead to your termination, which in some cases turned out to be literal.

And while there is (currently) no evidence to support this, there are substantial rumors that by the end of the war, a significant portion of MCT’s leadership had been replaced by chimera doppelgangers or Faustians. This meant that despite some internal pushback, Ito kept MCT in line with the Disian cause until the bitter end.

And I mean that literally, because uncovered travel records indicate that “Miriam Ito” was in multiple locations at once dealing with various types of company business while she was still advising the MCT board of directors at the corporate HQ.

Take that for what you will.

- I thought you said you were out of here.

- Icarus

- I believe I said that I was “out of here, but would return if we all survived.” And here we are.

- Rigger X
