---
id: LH-0276
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Update Nine: Didn\u2019t See That Coming"
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update Nine: Didn’t See That Coming

\<07-21-83/2241:45>

Sorry, had to take a few, catching my breath … The Colonel is in bad shape; I’ve never seen crush trauma like this before, even _with_ mil-spec armor. But then, I’ve never seen someone throw a thrust-grenade into someone’s forehead before. I’m glad Dash and I were able to distract it for a hot second.

And the following burst of energy almost scared the drek out of me.

But I’m even more glad, gladder … whatever, for what happened next.

More Disian war forms took out the remainder of our zombies and charged us. Colonel Cabrera, despite her injuries, grabbed a nearby LMG and _laid_ into the attackers, slowing them down, and melting her weapon’s barrel in the process. We joined in and managed to add to the chaos, but they were coming fast and almost made it.

A heartbeat later, Colonel McCord, Sergeant Toussaint, and several members of _Firewatch, Ares Military,_ and a _frag-ton of shadowrunners_ surgedthrough the portal, and quickly enacted an impressive display of marksmanship by volume of fire. The remaining Disians and chimeras were driven back or killed; our egress routes are mostly secured thanks to the reinforcements.

I couldn’t write a better save.

Now it’s organized chaos. As the ranking officer, Colonel McCord has ordered a full evac once the expeditionary forces are through. But that’s going to take time, and there’s a lot of wounded. Not to mention, something about the Harvester Network ready to initiate; we need to blow this place before it happens.

So now, it’s hoops and elbows as anyone and everyone able to walk is helping the wounded and everyone else get the frag out. And that’s my cue—Dash and I are on stretcher duty.
