---
id: LH-0382
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Re-Awakening
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Re-Awakening

It goes without saying that a lot of people went into hardcore panic mode. It was also made worse by the lunar eclipse on the 29th that occurred over many of the more populated cities across the southern hemisphere. Some thought the world was literally ending (heh).

Then, on August 3, magic started to come back. Sort of. It started as a trickle, and for the Awakened, a feeling. The first to notice were adepts, as they literally started to feel like their old selves again. A social adept chummer of mine described it as a fog lifting from their brains, while another who followed more physical pursuits literally got their strength and speed back. Dual-natured beings and critters started to come out of their torpor, and magical critters started to roam again.

- To the chagrin of some. A neighbor of mine has an ongoing feud with a talis cat that keeps getting into his rubbish bins. He thought, or rather hoped, the damn thing was gone, but nope!

- Chainmaker

Seeing this, magicians everywhere started to gain some hope and eventually tried to cast a spell or call a spirit. I can’t speak for anyone else, but it was harder than it normally was to cast a simple barrier spell. It was only the size of a baseball; but I could sustain it. It wasn’t long before magicians were reporting a return of their abilities, and to say there was rejoicing was an understatement.

It’s been several days now, and the presence of magic in the world seems to still be getting stronger, but it’s rough. After eleven days without any access to mana, just a trickle of magic that could sustain a spell was a relief to many around the globe, but there are many ways that it’s not up to the previous standard. Recovery seems to be ongoing, so keep in mind any of this information could still change by tomorrow. Act on it at your own risk!

- Slamm-0!
