---
id: LH-0396
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Current Status
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Status

First off, MCT will hold that golden ticket and retain their AAA rating. They’re going to be scraping by at the bottom for a good long while, but I don’t see them getting the NeoNET treatment. This won’t _just_ be about Corporate Court retribution or remunerations. Their biggest struggle will be purging Disian agents and collaborators from their ranks. Being a traitor to your species is going to come with a stigma, but these delusional drek stains aren’t going to see it. They’re going to quietly cling to the belief they were right, and the world was wrong. MCT’s internal ranks were filled with those who backed the wrong horse and are now scrambling to cover their tracks and point fingers elsewhere. Keep an eye out for jobs on this, and for chances to double-cross every one of these planar traitors.

- Not to mention Sirrurg seems hellbent on rooting out anything Disian. Good luck with that!

- Stone

Second prediction for the future of MCT: a complete collapse of any kind of restraint or remorse. It won’t take long for this rabid dog to once again get back to their zero-zone mentality and begin applying it to everything. Expect dark things to come. This isn’t necessarily a bad thing. We runners face their dark side every day. We know it’s there, and we expect it. For right now, MCT already has the black mark of shame, and no amount of bad press is going to hurt them, including innovations arrived at through questionable methods. But those innovations can definitely boost their bottom line, so we can expect to see MCT projects hitting the shadow market for testing. Once they’re fit for public consumption, they’ll be pushing the limits but raking in serious dough.

Mark my words, MCT is down but nowhere near out.
