---
id: LH-0192
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Set-Up
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Set-Up

To accommodate these important discussions, _Une Autre Voix_ booked the _Centre Pompidou_ , a place mentioned in _The Needle’s Eye_ .

The discussion started at 08:00 local time, and at approximately 10:00 all hell broke loose. Wrongly informed, someone let it slip that “Stiletto is in the building” and, just like that, without a warning, the Disians and their escorts turned against every metahuman in the room. Most of the _Une Autre Voix_ came with minimal security, so there were only a few runners to defend them. Most of them, clientsand bodyguards, didn’t make it out. The ones who did had to battle for their lives as the Disians arranged for security to lock all doors.

As many suspected, Ringmaster likely already knew this whole affair was a delay tactic and trap. The instant the Disians saw a chance to strike hard at Grey Cell, they pulled the plug and brutally sacrificed their own in the process.

- We are fairly certain the so-called Disian diplomats were in fact infiltrator chimeras meant to look like and act like real Disians.

- Torrent

- Okay, but why this Professor Stiletto?

On the other hand, however, Tenochtitlan has never really involved Dassault in any of their strategic initiatives. In this instance, the Dassault had been kept out of the loop regarding the Disian pact. Dassault assets and resources were used, even exploited and plundered, in service of Dis without the corp reaping any benefits or knowing why they were sacrificed.

- This explains why Dassault deployed an operative named Masque in Denver in 2081. He was technically working for Aztechnology, but contacts involved told me that he appeared to be genuinely unaware the Azzies were in bed with the Disians.

- Perri

- Knucklebuster

- Because she has been, and I quote Ringmaster, “the biggest pain in the Auditor’s hoop for over two years now.”

- Torrent

I’ll spare you the names of the entitled idiots, except for the one that matters. One positive from this sad turn of events was that among the dead was Hubert de la Rochefoucauld, shareholder in more than a few French corporations

Why does he matter? Because that was my first clue that Dassault, the subsidiary of Aztechnology, had become a new player in the Disians’ game and that the corp, as a subsidiary, was no longer blindly following Aztechnology’s orders. While Hubert didn’t have an Aztechnology corporate SIN, nor a position within Dassault, he was a close friend to France’s president, Emmanuel Dassault, and other high-level Dassault executives. There’s no world in which he would have been part of these discussions without the approval, or support, of Dassault.

- In case this isn’t obvious, Emmanuel Dassault is one of the descendants of Marcel Dassault, a proud Aztechnology SINner and, technically, someone who still has a lot of shares of the corporation. Of course, since he’s been elected, his finances are being managed by a blind trust, but it’s an empty gesture from the president. Regardless, he’s friends with most of the execs of the subsidiary.

- Iz0bel75

To understand that relationship, a bit of context about the connection between Aztechnology and the French arms dealer is required. On one hand, the AAA has been a good mothership for Dassault. The subsidiary has been thriving under its leadership, especially during the Amazonian War. Their employees worked alongside Aztechnology’s soldiers, and many of these employees came back with a (twisted) sense of pride about it. Most of their Awakened also returned with a blood magic addiction. Nevertheless, Aztechnology has undeniably been good for Dassault’s bottom line.

- Partly. We know for a fact that Masque was sent by Aztechnology to keep tabs on the Disian experience led by MCT there. This was soon after Grey Cell raided Aztechnology’s ultra-violet data vaults. The Azzies’ metaplanar allies didn’t take it lightly and Aztechnology was banned from this particular project, “pending review,” to borrow from corp-speak. Aztechnology used their subsidiary resources and had Dassault send one of their best agents to perform an extremely difficult mission (spying on a AAA-rated corp running a secret program with what was, to most, an unknown quantity at the time: Dis) without giving him critical intel.

- Pyramid Watcher

- This explains why he went rogue and meddled with MCT’s experiment despite Aztechnology’s interests.

- Perri

- That’s one of the reasons. The other one is that his boyfriend was among a group of Awakened being held prisoner by the Disians. A few days before things went sideways in Denver, all the hostages were murdered as part of the “penance” against Aztechnology “for revealing our secrets.” There’s reason to believe that Dassault assigned Masque for that very purpose. Because he was highly motivated to figure out everything he could about this top-secret project from Aztechnology in which his lover was involved. Before he died (or successfully disappeared), Masque reported his findings to his superiors at Dassault. This is likely when they began to understand what kind of shenanigans they were being used for.

- Pyramid Watcher

Another example of Dassault being screwed over by Aztechnology is the Yellowstone Calamity. In May 2077, several high-ranking Dassault mages performed experimental magical rituals under Tenochtitlán’s orders. It wasn’t the first attempt, but the Azzies kept Dassault in the dark on purpose.

Whether the rite worked as expected or not, most of the Dassault magicians died, and Aztechnology dispatched one of their own top-secret units (allegedly Blood Panthers or Blood Daggers) to sterilize the facility and secure evidence of theoperation. To make matters worse, this failed magical ceremony has somehow triggered the Mist.

- For those unfamiliar with this British oddity, the Mist is a magical fog that once threatened to swallow the whole region. Dig up the Aetherology upload or the Shadows of Europe dossier for more information. Both are old, but they’re a decent source of data on this particular magical phenomenon.

- Lady Greenfire

The killing fog suddenly appeared and swallowed the site used by Dassault and the nearby city of Quimperlé. Dassault had a deal with the High Council of Brittany for “keeping the Mist” under control. So, you can imagine how much this damaged Dassault. They lost a fortune in revenue due to penalties and their exec spent the next two years trying to please a very pissed off High Priestess Joséphine de Rohan while dodging accusations that their own shenanigans could be behind the “return of the Mist.”

- As Sim-Eon said, it wasn’t the first experiment. Aztechnology has ordered those for years and they’re the reason that the Mist, which was fading for decades, is now back with a vengeance.

- **>** Plan 9

- Maybe, but as always, you’ve got no proof.

- Sim-Eon

With this context, hopefully, you’ll understand why Dassault has been involved, albeit discreetly and indirectly, in these negotiations. Additionally, since the beginning of the year, they’ve very surreptitiously supported actions against Dis and even Aztechnology. Of course, these actions weren’t officially sanctioned. A few high-ranking execs coordinated extremely carefully to divert Dassault resources to help Grey Cell and other corporations fighting against the Disians.

Dassault is an AA-rated corp beholden to Aztechnology, and these renegades leading the charge have to play it close to the vest. So it’s unlikely their treason will turn the tides of the war, but it could still play a key role, as the corporation is in an excellent position to obtain intel on Disian operations.

- A few days before he died, Hubert de la Rochefoucauld was having dinner with Louis Belaran at the Jules Verne in the Eiffel Tower. Nobody knows what they were talking about, but the word in “les rues de Paris” is that he also was part of those peace negotiations, on behalf of the Astral Space Preservation Society (unofficially).

- Netcat

- I can’t confirm that, but I’d believe it. Like Dassault, Wuxing involvement with Dis is at odds, to say the least, with the very raison d’être of ASPS. No amount of “executive order” and other leash-pulling from the AAA is going to convince people working for the ASPS, who are committed to the protection of astral space, to play nice with monsters from another metaplane dead set on sucking out all the mana from our world.

- Sim-Eon

- Not everyone in Wuxing and the ASPS is aware of how fatal the Disian plans are, sadly. What’s up with this Belaran, guy? Did he die on July 14? Was he even human? Or did he escape again, miraculously?

- Old Crow

- Anyone?

- Old Crow
