---
id: LH-0164
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Strategic Whack-A-Mole
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Strategic Whack-A-Mole

In asymmetrical warfare, you need to seize the initiative by quickly responding to new information regarding existing objectives, as well as new targets of opportunity. Current Defender combat doctrine relies heavily on the idea of mobility and quick response. When actionable intelligence is received regarding a target or objective, something is immediately mobilized to engage, secure, or eliminate it. And it’s been fairly successful so far. Unfortunately, the Disians and their allies are adapting. They’ve enacted their own counter-intelligence operations to draw out our intelligence assets and established quick response forces (QRFs) that are spearheaded by Aztechnology and allied units.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



This back-and-forth of waiting for an enemy or target to poke their heads up before immediately going after them has been dubbed “Strategic Whack-A-Mole” by Defender operation planners.

- The current doctrine also makes it difficult to hold on to our gains. We take a target, only to be forced to fall back. The enemy then moves back in and fixes things up, making us do it all over again—often with fewer resources than before, and facing stronger defenses.

- Scattershot

... hotspots listed below are the ones we have currently seen the largest amount of fighting, are of strategic importance, or they are simply the only ones we know about.
