---
id: LH-0420
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Arleesh: Costly Victory'
page: 190
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Arleesh: Costly Victory

One of the biggest secrets of the Disian Shadow War involved the great dragon, Arleesh. As the driving force behind the Disian opposition, it was her patronage and guidance that enabled the creation of groups such as Grey Cell, and ultimately the Defender Movement itself. During the actual conflict, however, she was notably absent and communicated primarily through her voice, Kendra de Santos. Along with several other dragons, she was last seen as part of the Antarctica ritual, acting as a facilitator and in possession of an ancient scroll. And like the other dragons, she hasn’t been seen since the ritual.

Some say that because of this, and the loss of Atticus Cole, she’s the primary reason that Grey Cell and the Defender Movement disbanded. Rumors of secret meetings with Arleesh (or at least de Santos) and the Draco Foundation hint at some new kind of arrangement going forward.

But rumors that she’s leading a new dragon cabal aimed at taking over the world (nothing new there) and other such drek have been slowly gaining traction since the end of the shadow war. Still, the most interesting one is that for a time, Arleesh was near death after her actions in Detroit and was barely able to recover enough to participate in the Antarctic ritual.

And … that’s all I’ve been able to collect for now. Looks like we will have to wait and see which stories and data pan out.
