---
id: LH-0106
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: In Lockstep
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## In Lockstep

The problem with mercenary work being considered a legit business is that unit COs are worried more about their profit margins than anything else. This means following certain rules and being forced to play the game because the potential for profit loss is too great.

Still, it also means that if you’re big enough in the business, you have a certain amount of weight to throw around. Unfortunately, none of the major mercenary commands are doing a fragging thing about it. Some are even going so far as to help keep the smaller commands in check so they don’t do something stupid (like say, try to save the planet), which could jeopardize _their_ position. MET2000, Tsunami, and even Combat Inc. have pretty much kept their soy holes shut about the whole thing.

Which is to say, most of us are now at an impasse.

- Not all of us. Having talked to a lot of my fellow mercs, I can say that they all knew the lawsuits were a pipedream. They were our polite way of at least trying to be civil before some of us started shoving their “contracts” up their hoops.

- Scattershot

- Yep. More and more mercs are getting fed up and have made the conscious decision to go rogue and risk the drek the IMA wants to toss at us. Unfortunately, like the Colonel said, most of the big named units are more worried about their bank accounts. So, it’s been mostly the independents and little guys who’ve stepped up to do what’s right.

- Bangswitch

- Not all units have cowered. I’ve made sure that the Iron Cavalry stands against the IMA and with those who fight for our lives, no matter the cost.

- Iron Cav Actual

- And it’s kind of nice to be blacklisted, means not having to keep shelling out those outrageous IMA dues.

- Picador
