---
id: LH-0418
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Grey Cell and the Defender Movement
page: 190
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Grey Cell and the Defender Movement

By all accounts, the Defender Movement should never have existed, and yet it did. It was a movement the likes of which had never been seen before, where people from all over the world stood together and fought for their very survival. Many died, some were scarred, and some will forever have to deal with the nightmares of what they saw and had to do. But in the end, it succeeded, and the world was saved. Still, like any movement, it never lasts forever, especially when the goals are achieved, or the threat has been dealt with. Such was the eventual fate of the Defender Movement and the organization that formed its core: Grey Cell.

The demobilization and dismantling process began on July 24, with some groups and units preparing to go to whatever home they had left. Others were gearing up for victory celebrations the likes of which haven’t been seen since the time

Eventually, magic returned, and things transitioned into a new normal. By now, everyone was completely spent. There were no celebrations, no joyous festivities; everyone simply wanted to be done. So, they said their goodbyes to each other and scattered. Some Defenders were able to return to former occupations, while others found new ones. Many, however, didn’t have anything to go back to. And so the ranks within the shadows grew with an influx of new runners looking to make their way in a post-Disian world.

With the loss of Atticus Cole and Torrent, Grey Cell also disbanded. Like other Defenders, many Grey Cell went back to old lives or started new ones as best they could. Those who belonged to established units like the Sixty-First and Seventy-Seventh IR, Iron Cavalry, MET2000, and others returned to the mercenary trade, which coincidentally managed to sort out that little contract problem from before. But a select few, most of them Grey Cell operatives, were offered positions and found a new home (and purpose) within the Draco Foundation.

- Grey Cell may have been officially disbanded, but we’re still hard at work.

- Rifleman
