---
id: LH-0055
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Update on the Seelie and Unseelie Courts
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update on the Seelie and Unseelie Courts

Posted by: Elijah \<04-28-83/0744:21>

I hate to be the bearer of worse news, but I’m just passing along what I’m hearing from my sources.

First, I want to point out that the one constant I’ve found to be true about the Seelie Court, and by extension the Unseelie Court, is that as soon as you think you know what’s happening, you realize that you really don’t.

A few months ago, I wrote that the major factions of the Seelie Court were leaning toward opposing Disian operations on the material plane. Because of its nature, this was also driving those who identify with the Unseelie Court to try to locate and support active Disian operatives to undermine the Seelie designs. What I didn’t know was that two events were in motion that would change the status of Dis in the Courts. This completely reversed the direction I thought things were moving in.

For some background, I’ll start with the representative of Dis using the name, or title, “Emissary” who had been active in the Seelie Court for some time. While known to the courtiers, the Disian seemed to be viewed as a pawn to be used in their own schemes. Lady Brane Deigh had politely rebuffed the Disian’s offer of an alliance and kept the Emissary at arm’s length, while claiming that the Court would remain neutral in the affairs of the material plane. Some courtiers feigned support for the Emissary and promoted the claim that Dis had the power to close the Yellowstone Anomaly, while others openly opposed the idea. The reports I received at the time indicated there was a lot of anti-Disian sentiment below the surface and that many of the factions were quietly working to oppose them. Rumors were circulated that the opposition was widespread enough for them to form a temporary alliance with those suspected of working with the Black Lodge.

The first event to alter this dynamic was when a courtier who called himself “Emperor Hak-Jin” was exposed as a Faustian bound to the Emissary. This Emperor, who claimed to be the exiled ruler of a distant fae land, had amassed a great deal of magical and political power in a very short time. At first, he quietly acquired magical artifacts of unknown provenance that others had dismissed as trinkets. Then, through his seemingly limitless mystical knowledge, he revealed the actual nature and great power of some of these “worthless” items. The Emperor also made allies in many factions and formed a coalition that included the strongest advocates for an alliance with Dis and the closing of the Yellowstone rift. Once the Emperor was exposed as a Faustian—who was actually a street magician from London, and worse, an actor—the pro-Disian coalition within the court seemed to grow in numbers and influence instead of collapsing under the scandal. The reasoning appeared to be that if a mere servant of such low status could be granted so much magical power, perhaps the Emissary and the Disians themselves could actually do what they claimed.

While the Emissary and the Emperor opened the way for a Seelie Court / Dis alliance, it was the second unforeseen event that sealed the deal. This “event” was set in motion several years ago, and I only know part of the history leading up to it. Some of you may have seen Frosty’s post regarding the Ebon Queen in the _Scotophobia_ data drop, and know that the new jester of the court, Gan Duine, was actually Harlequin. I didn’t have this information as of my last writing, but what I did know was that back in 2080, Harlequin had attacked the previous Queen, Alachia, and while it took her a year to return to the Court, Harlequin was never seen again to my knowledge.

Shortly after the post in _Scotophobia,_ Frosty apparently assembled a team of highly capable deniable assets and somehow smuggled them into Brocéliande unseen. The three coimeádaí who held



Harlequin’s memories were extracted, and the pá that controlled them stolen. Then, they managed the hostile extraction of Gan Duine himself. After their escape from the Court, Alachia was said to be in a rage. She mobilized every resource at her command and set them to track down the Ebon Queen and her paramour. The Emissary must have made some deal with her at this time, as she threw her considerable political power behind an alliance with Dis, and after a purge of dissenting voices, she pushed or pulled the rest of the court along in short order.

Soon, the current Queen, Lady Brane Deigh, formally agreed to an alliance and allowed a Disian portal to be built out in the wilderness near the Seelie Court. After the portal became operational, construction began on a Disian base and a gigantic device that Alachia claims will close the Yellowstone rift permanently and seal off the courts from the material realm.

Any way you look at it, this is really bad news for the defenders of the material plane. This is not just the loss of the Seelie Court’s tacit opposition of Dis, but a full reversal with them actively supporting Dis. For those unfamiliar with metaplanar topology, the analogy would be as if we just lost our entire flank, leaving the material plane open to the Disians from a fractured metaplane physically connected to ours. To make things worse, whatever support we may gain from the Unseelie switching sides, as they will surely oppose whatever the Seelie Court does, may be slow to materialize. They are unorganized by definition and may not even act until it’s too late for any help.

going on and keep their eyes open.

The title of this section should tell you everything you need to know, but I’ll be nice and give you all a little more paydata, mainly because I’m such a nice guy _and_ this has the potential to turn into a Real Fragging Problem™ really quick.

I first learned about these nutcases soon after the Week of Death (catchy name by the way), when I was hired to start looking into a series of missing person’s reports, mainly to help people find loved ones who, more often than not, were caught in the crossfire. Anyway, most of them were simply poor folks who were in the wrong place at the wrong time, but after some initial investigation, they started to look like kidnappings.

So, I did some digging and just outside of Toledo, Ohio, of all places, I ran into this group that was kidnapping people and using the Glass City as a routing hub. It was pretty standard, as there’s lots of metahuman trafficking going through there lately. But that’s normal—disturbing and morally repugnant, but still normal for my line of work.

Then I found the chapter house.

Now for context, this used to be one of several warehouses along the Maumee River in downtown T-town. But it had been converted into what looked like a surgery suite _and_ ritual room. I’m not a wizworm, but I’ve seen my fair share of magical mojo, and this was on a different level. By the time I and the three runners I’d hired to watch my back got there, we were just in time to see what I’m sure was a Faustian conduct some kind of “initiation” ritual where people volunteered to become chimeras.

Yeah, frag me.
