---
id: LH-0009
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Staring Into the Abyss - Posted by: Deadline \<11-11-82/1555:42>'
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Staring Into the Abyss

## Posted by: Deadline \<11-11-82/1555:42>

I thought I’d seen it all, or at least enough. I was in Motor City when the bugs came, and after that, I visited hot spots across the globe seeing warfare firsthand. I thought I was tough … I was wrong.

I’ve had to stop and start this post at least a dozen times because my AR gloves can’t deal with my shaking hands. So, shaky voice it is. But, every time I try to compose something, I’m forced to remember everything I’ve seen. The dismembered bodies, the blood, the chimera stalking us in the night, the screams of the dying, the desperate last stands. And that’s the small stuff.

Then there are the Disians themselves. Yeah, I’ve seen one … an _actual_ one …

But I’ve got to get through this. Because if we happen to survive, there needs to be a record, a _real one_ that’s not redacted or spun to the point where the truth is unrecognizable.

- Oh, and before someone tries for a “gotcha moment,” let me provide some paydata: Pesina is working for Horizon as a field reporter for their media outlets. But in reality, she’s one of a multitude of journalists acting as intelligence agents, gathering data and getting it to people who need it.

- **>** Sunshine

- Isn’t Horizon one of those bad-guy corps that’s trying to hide the real truth from us?

- **>** Bangswitch
