---
id: LH-0190
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Update \<07-17-83/0045:11>
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update \<07-17-83/0045:11>

I finally figured out where these goods have been going and why, and for once I’m glad to have missed it the first time. Things are far enough along that revealing info won’t disrupt anything. So here it is.

War is here. Some of you believe that already, some don’t. That’s fine, but the truth is, every living thing on this planet is at war with invaders from another world, the Disians. No way around that, the Week of Death made sure of it.

Some scoff at the notion of magical invaders, claiming the dragons would never let that happen. Guess what? All this stockpiling _is_ part of the dragons not letting it happen! At least, it’s the part that Professor Schwartzkopf is spearheading. The others might be them putting full backing to this plan, or it could simply be a gesture of support. That’s beyond my understanding of draconic politics.

What I do know is that the first (and probably most knowledgeable) professor of academic magic since the Awakening is putting his influence to use by recruiting and training expert magicians for a specific task. Now, I’m not a mage myself, but I’ve been around enough magic to know the lingo, and it seems like there’s at least a dozen groups of initiated magicians learning the same rituals. From what was described to me, it sounds like a cooperative version of what the absorption metamagic does: takes hold of energy coming at you and redirects it into something or somewhere else. They

I’ve figured it out! The magical stockpiling has been for just that: creating a stockpile of magic itself. Enchanted gear holds magical power better than any other transportable substance, so that’s exactly what’s being done. In the event of the Earth’s energy being drained off; a reservoir is being prepared to replace as much of it as possible. I won’t even pretend to know that works, but I’ll admit to being more at ease knowing there is a backup plan in place in case things go poorly.
