---
id: LH-0273
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Update Six: Doorway to Hell - \<07-21-83/1841:35>'
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update Six: Doorway to Hell

## \<07-21-83/1841:35>

It took hours and more CQB to get here, but we finally made it to the Disian portal room. There’s still intense fighting going on throughout the complex, but we’ve managed to secure almost half of it, for now. Our mechanized units have also secured a perimeter around the main building topside and secured egress routes, just in case anything _else_ shows up.

It’s a buzz of activity in here as defensive positions are being erected, and techs and a cadre of magicians are doing their thing, like wiring this place with kilos of C-12. Or, they’re trying to monitor or re-establish contact with Colonel McCord from the Sixty-First, and Sergeant Toussiant from the Iron Cav who took a group through the portal to link up with the expeditionary force about two hours ago.

Better him than me.



One of the engineers called this chamber the “Doorway to Hell,” and I can’t disagree with him. Just looking at the portal _and_ this chamber makes my skin crawl, with the swirling shades of red and black casting the entire place in a hue of blood red. Part of me is expecting a demon, more chimeras, or a horde of Disians to burst through any second. And don’t get me started on the strange Disian symbols on the walls and floor.

Speaking of, we haven’t seen … no, no. Not going to say it. Never invoke Murphy, never borrow trouble.

Wait … what’s going on with Colonel Cabrera? She’s talking on her comm and … her staff are all on their comms and looking worried, looks like multiple messages at once. They’re in motion and she’s suddenly moving some AROs and barking orders _and_ grabbing her rifle, telling people to take defensive positions.

Oh, frag me.
