---
id: LH-0026
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Monster Versus Monster
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Monster Versus Monster

A recent development that has started to pay dividends is an initiative that began back in 2081 when missing personnel from III Corps (among others) started to reappear at various locations around the world. One such individual was Sergeant Wade Toussiant, who managed to return to his home in New York despite his condition. Originally intended to be “command” chimera, Sergeant Toussant had been gifted to a high-ranking Disian to learn how to command Disian forces on the material plane and divulge information on how the Sixth World militaries operated. As such, he needed to keep much of his knowledge intact and didn’t receive the same level of mental re-programming as most other chimeras. He also discovered that the mental re-programming didn’t always take hold and a small percentage of chimeras were able to hold on to parts, if not all, of their personality or memories (if the mental strain of their transformation didn’t break them first).

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [19 x 177] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
22<br>SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

While on the Disian metaplane, he was able to contact other such chimeras, and together they formulated a plan to return to the material plane to warn of the Disians’ intent. But no plan survives contact, and Sgt. Toussaint and his compatriots were scattered when they crossed the metaplanar barrier.

Eventually recovered and pressed into service with Grey Cell, Sgt. Toussaint was given a special assignment: to seek out other chimeras like himself who were able to retain their metahumanity. The goal was to liberate these chimeras from Disian service, use them to gain useful intelligence, and possibly press them into service against their former captors.

The project started out slowly, with only a few dozen being liberated. Those who were freed and were willing to fight were placed in positions with units that could accommodate their unique situation. One unit specifically, the famed mercenary unit known as the Iron Cavalry (which consists mostly of metasapients and other oddities) welcomed the newly liberated chimeras into their ranks.

- And frag me if those liberated chimeras haven’t been some of the most effective and lethal combatants I’ve ever seen. It was terrifying to fight against them, but it was heartening to fight beside them. I would have loved even a squad of them during the war.

- Picador

- We welcome our new brethren and hope they will continue to channel their righteous fury against their oppressors.

- **>** Iron Cav Actual

As operations have commenced post-Week of Death, more and more chimeras are being liberated and eventually funneled into Defender ranks. Not only do they provide much-needed intelligence, but they’re using the capabilities and weapons their former Disian masters gave to them to help us.

- Yeah, but how do we know they aren’t gonna turn on us the first chance they get, like some kind of double-cross? Huh?

- Flash-Banger
