---
id: LH-0024
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Secondary Objectives: Site Triple-Zero and Antarctica'
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Secondary Objectives: Site Triple-Zero and Antarctica

While the Harvester Network is still considered our primary threat and objective, there are still other threats that need to be considered, if for no other reason than the part they may play in future operations.

The first is Site Triple-Zero (a.k.a. Site 000). Located where the city of Dutchville, Pennsylvania _used_ to be located, it is also the area where the UCAS Army’s III Corps were abducted and later turned into chimeras. Since then, this black site has been overseen by multiple corporations and backed by Disian allies within the UCAS government. We have confirmed intelligence the site was created to control an active and stable rift (or gateway) between the material plane and the Disian home metaplane. As such, it’s also a key component of the Harvester network, where the collected energy will be transmitted after the network is activated. It’s also a key strategic checkpoint that could allow the Disians to send in reinforcements once we begin our assault in earnest or enable them to escape. There are also concerns that if backed into a corner or facing defeat, the Disians may attempt some “final retaliation” against the material plane. Garrison forces are estimated to be in the thousands as well as the presence of significant numbers of chimera. There are even reports that at least a dozen Faustians are on site as well as possibly five Disians. Several contingency plans to deal with Triple-Zero have been drawn up, but none have been finalized.

The second site is the Aztechnology research facility in Antarctica. A subject of speculation for over a decade now, we’ve been able to confirm that a massive magical device of immense power is housed there and is also thought to be a key component of the Harvester Network. Assaulting this site is especially challenging. Not only has it been heavily fortified over the last decade by Aztechnology, but its remote location and environment present significant challenges. Approaching the continent, let alone the facility, is near impossible thanks to sophisticated radar and sonar nets. Any approach would immediately come under heavy fire and magical attack; projections say that any such assault would lead to at least seventy to eighty percent casualties to simply reach land.

- Makes Normandy seem like a beach picnic.

- Colonel Cobra
