---
id: LH-0118
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Righteous Hand
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Righteous Hand

Details vary, but soon after Empress Hitomi learned of what was truly going on within Shiawase Corporation and the situation they were trapped in, she decided to remove herself from the equation— possibly so she couldn’t be used against her father— _and_ start her own insurgency within the corporation.

Recruiting from both within and without Shiawase, she formed the _Seigi No Te_ , which loosely translates into the _Righteous Hand_ . Their first major act of defiance against the Disians was to remove the threat of a Harvester being set up on the powerful ley lines on Mount Fuji. Before Wuxing’s geomancers could prepare the land and construction workers could lay the Harvester’s foundation, the Righteous Hand struck. The battle was initially pitched, but support from Grey Cell-backed operatives managed to turn the tide. Since then, Mount Fuji has been kept out of Disian hands, and the Righteous Hand has spearheaded and supported anti-Disian operations in the area and surrounding cities.

- And one would expect there to be a major backlash against Shiawase. But surprisingly, not really. The Week of Death and subsequent battles seem to have the Disians’ full attention. But eventually, they are going to deal with Shiawase.

- **>** Mr. Bonds

- Especially considering how much of a problem Lady Death has been for the Disians.

- **>** Kia

- There are also rumors that Lady Hitomi was called on by an unknown visitor a couple of weeks ago. This visitor apparently gave her not only some kind of special gem, but also a katana

**>** Rambler Rose
