---
id: LH-0111
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'A Law of Conservation of Mana - Posted by: Darkside'
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Law of Conservation of Mana

## Posted by: Darkside

The Sixth World Awakened when the mana “returned.” Where exactly did it return from?

Of course, neither Empedocles nor Galileo Galilei could foresee an Awakened World, but the universal observation that energy is never lost and never created, but only ever transformed, could also apply to “magical energy.”

If the “multiverse” with all its metaplanes is a closed system, the amount of magical energy would always stay the same according to the universal Law of Conservation of Energy. So, if our world gains mana, other worlds must lose mana to the same extent.

What if this is not an effect distributed across a multitude of planes? What if, in the case of our world, it wasn’t even as natural as the Mayan calendar would have us believe? What if Dis is our “dark mirror,” our sister world—and the Disians want to get back something that was stolen from them? Whether stolen by fate, the passage of time, or by entities of the Sixth World that wanted to finally “Awaken” again? I’m just asking.

er stopped—yet a lot of customers are complaining about back and unfulfilled orders. Take the vaunted Ares Predator line, for example. Availability has started to dry up in certain regions despite the production lines humming along. Just a few months ago, it was relatively easy to find Predator VIs in stock, and now even finding older models is becoming difficult. And that’s just one example. This kind of situation has become endemic across the corporation. And good luck trying to get anything out of the board members. Even Bishop has been deflecting and parrying questions with the grace of a master fencer.

- Production has continued, but the products don’t seem to be going anywhere. Or at least, just enough is going out to keep Ares’ stocks from completely tanking. I’m wondering if this is some kind of attempt to manipulate the market by driving up demand.

- Red Anya

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- If so, it’s one of the most backward plays I’ve ever seen.
