---
id: LH-0220
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Aztlan-Texas Border
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztlan-Texas Border

\<05-24-83/1919:44>

Local militias led by the Sons of the Alamo have been prosecuting Aztlan targets of opportunity and harassing border forces ever since the Week of Death. Even though they haven’t officially signed on with the Defender Movement (they’re kind of stubborn about command autonomy), they have no problems working with them. As such the SOA has been invaluable in getting Defender agents, couriers, coyotes, and limited supplies across the border.

San Antonio has also become a minor flashpoint as SOA-backed guerrillas have constantly raided Aztlan highways and Aztechnology holdings in an effort to keep regional forces off balance and prevent the construction of a Harvester ten kilometers north of the city.

This has unfortunately led to reprisals in Austin, where the regional Aztlan commander has sent unconventional forces into CAS-controlled parts of the city, claiming they were going after “known terrorists” the CAS refused to apprehend. This led to an incident on May 21, 2083, where Aztlan air and artillery strikes (later denied) targeted residential areas and killed approximately 300 civilians in what CAS media outlets dubbed the Austin Massacre.

SOA forces attempted a reprisal strike three days later, but all communication with the strike

Neo-anarchists from the United Anarchist Front backed up by Black Star mercenary forces initiated an assault on the city of Budapest and nearby areas to drive out entrenched Disian forces. Local security and military forces chose to stand down while some locals formed ad hoc militia-type groups and joined the UAF and Black Star forces.

Reports are contradictory, with some indicating the UAF and Black Star forces were completely routed, while others say the Disian forces have suffered considerable losses. Regardless, vicious fighting continues in the streets of Budapest with neither side having a clear advantage.

- Not just in Budapest. UAF and Black Star forces are engaging Disians wherever they can find them across Eastern Europe and even in southern parts of Scandinavia. Guess they found places to go after getting kicked out of the AGS.

- Old Crow

- There are also rumors that representatives from Evo dropped off what they called “care packages” for the UAF and Black Star. They contain something people have been calling “Dark Tech,” and from what I’ve heard, they’re the only reason the UAF and Black Star have held out as long as they have.

- Red Anya

- Looking to score some?

- Scattershot

- Nyet. There are things I have heard about it. I do not wish to have any part of it.

- Red Anya
