---
id: LH-0309
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Professor Hanna Pierce (Stiletto) - Posted by: Glitch'
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Professor Hanna Pierce (Stiletto)

## Posted by: Glitch

For those of you who’ve been following this mess from the beginning, you’ll recognize the name Hanna Pierce. A professor of more magical disciplines than I can list, she was a shadowrunner before her academic career took off and went by the name Stiletto.

She was also one of Grey Cell’s best operatives, assigned by Ringmaster himself to track down and gather all intelligence on the Disian known as the Auditor. And track him she did. She chased him across the globe, almost to the point where it became less of a job, and more of an obsession. See, Stiletto was one of the first to learn about how the Harvesters worked, and something inside of her snapped. That nightmarish knowledge drove her harder and harder to accomplish her mission. Unfortunately, in her mind the mission had changed. Instead of simply learning all she could, Stiletto decided the best thing she could do was eliminate the Auditor.

From what I’ve learned, she got close, _really close,_ to accomplishing her mission at least three times. But each time, she not only risked her own safety, but Grey Cell’s as well. She ignored all recall orders, and when her support was cut off, she went back to the darkest parts of the shadows to get what she wanted.

Now, before I continue, I need to put all the cards on the table. This post isn’t just about Stiletto, it’s about another person, a member of JackPoint and talislegger who goes by the name Lyran. She and Stiletto have history, apparently the deep and serious kind, because as soon as Stiletto popped back up in the shadows, Lyran took off after her like a bloodhound. And over the next year (or so), there were a series of near misses as Lyran tracked Stiletto and by default, the Auditor.

Eventually, both of them went off the grid and we heard nothing from either of them. That is until I got a data update from Lyran; you can read it in a previous section of this download, but that’s all I got from her. And since then, no one has seen or heard anything from Lyran or Stiletto. And given everything she went through before and after Antarctica, I wouldn’t be surprised if it stayed that way.
