---
id: LH-0117
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Shiawase: Balanced on the Razor\u2019s Edge"
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase: Balanced on the Razor’s Edge

In the last few months, Shiawase has found itself with something no one wants: the Disians’ attention.

Originally responsible for the creation of the modified Valkyrie Modules used to operate the Harvesters, Shiawase was initially one of the Disians’ greatest allies, second only to Aztechnology at the time. But then Shiawase’s support started to waver and gradually withdraw. The reason for this is largely unknown, but rumors suggest three possibilities.

First, newly uncovered internal documents indicate that Shiawase initially saw an opportunity to use the knowledge gained from their Disian partnership to jump-start their medical research divisions, and within a few short years, become a world leader in medicine and biotechnology. But the Disians’ true nature and goals soon became apparent. This horrified CEO Tadashi Shiawase, but there was little that he could do. The Auditor himself apparently threatened Shiawase directly with his vast powers and promised that should Shiawase Corporation not live up to their end of the agreement, it wouldn’t be the CEO who suffered, but those he cared about the most. This included his daughter, the Empress Hitomi, and possibly other members of the Imperial Japanese royal family.

Hold that thought, we’ll come back to it.

> **>** Considering the penance Aztechnology had to pay, I can’t really blame Tadashi on that one.

**>** Baka Dabora




**>** You would say that.

**>** Lady Greenfire


that is supposedly over 2,000 years old. She was told to “use them both in the coming storm.”

Second, his financial advisors crunched the numbers and realized that it would be in the corporation’s best interests to simply give the Disians what they wanted and then fade away as best they could until the whole thing blew over. They even offered up financial projections based on what they’d already learned from the Disians. Combined with a whole new marketing and re-branding initiative, Shiawase stood to become a leader in several industries and make billions in the first five years alone. Tadashi agreed.

So yeah, greed.

But this seems to contradict the third reason: that Tadashi was having a crisis of conscience. The more he tried to ignore his corporation’s complacency in the suffering and outright murder of unknown thousands, the more the possible end of the world started to haunt even him. Unable to do anything himself, he then turned to the one person he thought he could trust and who could possibly do something about it: Empress Hitomi (also known in the shadows as Lady Death).
