---
id: LH-0377
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'First-Hand Account: The Slumbering - Posted by: Marko'
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## First-Hand Account: The Slumbering

## Posted by: Marko

For us, it happened just around sunset on the 26th. The storms above us abated abruptly. Our world, she went to sleep. So many others began to do the same. Spirits retreated, some fled, and a few faded out entirely. My kind, and some like us, who exist on the astral and tangible planes at once, also collapsed in slumber. Stronger members, those strongly initiated before, at least managed to remain conscious, though our access to magic also retreated. Even the simplest spells would not come. No spirit would answer. Ref returned to wearing the shawl that had been his astral restraint. It worked. Ref did not diminish or fade, but he could not move between worlds. All the portals closed.

If it had not been for so many of the Evenki and Nenets tribal magicians and the influence they still wielded, there would have been bloodshed for thousands, perhaps more. We had found and fought a familiar foe. Those ambassadors, such as I, had been informed on what to do if such a thing happened. A new form of governance had to be made.

But the thing that had everyone scratching their heads was how this could be? By all sense of logic and current knowledge, dual-natured beings should have died. The fact they didn’t meant there were two possibilities: first, that magic didn’t truly go away, or second, that there’s something about the nature of physical beings and magic that we still don’t understand.

Honestly, my cred is on a little from column A _and_ B.

- My magic diminished during this period, but my knowledge did not. Dual-natured creatures retreated or hid, with most going into hibernation. Those who were sapient remained conscious but haunted, and most chose to enter a hibernating sleep. The few dragons and dracoforms I could confirm did the same, and none took to the skies. Nothing with an Awakened expression died outright, though I do have some reports of wounded and near-death not surviving the slumber.

- G-Nome

- There are others I would love to hear accounts from. Of public concern, Buttercup was confirmed absent on the 28th, and I do not have a report on what exactly has become of her. Since the Re-Awakening, I have managed to contact several spirits and dual-natured individuals who I am familiar with, and most of them seem to be recovering. Infected seem to be seeing different results from other dual-natured individuals, however, and deserve a more thorough examination. There are, of course,
