---
id: LH-0149
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY ELEVEN \<10-29-82/1115:31>
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY ELEVEN \<10-29-82/1115:31>**

It’s like a drug, the Matrix. Once I’ve had a taste, I can’t seem to shake it. When I first delved into that seedy hole, I regretted everything I’d done that led me there. I vowed not to go back. I said I was going to be a model MCT employee. I worked endless hours for Hamita-san. I cut and edited more media to have the drones play throughout MCT Seattle. I smiled and nodded to my fellow employees who gleefully heard the drab, mundane news that was being reported from the hovering drones. Because they are happy. Content. Safe.

And yet, in the back of my brain, there is this itch I can’t scratch. Shadowrunners. Their words. Their stories. Their alleged truths.

And so, I found myself going back and consuming …

ravenously.

I can’t get enough. It’s like a dark fix, a stain on my honor, on my family’s honor. I want to know more about everything. But I have to be careful. I can’t let it taint my work. Some things the runners are talking about are beginning to line up with media that I am working on …

And finally—finally—I found mention of them. After weeks of nothing, here they were, the Disians.

- Finally, is right. It’s about damn time if you ask me. Let’s get this drek rolling.

- Clockwork

- You do realize the whole point of this upload is to show how deeply the Disians have infiltrated right? Wasn’t something you were going to see in the first journal.

- **>** Hangfire
