---
id: LH-0338
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'New Health Spell: cure disease'
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- adept-powers
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Health Spell: cure disease

| **RANGE**<br>Touch | **TYPE**<br>P | **DURATION**<br>P | **DV**<br>5 |
| ------------------ | ------------- | ----------------- | ----------- |

This spell is used to help a patient overcome illness by finding and purging pathogens from the body. It may be cast at any point after contracting an infection, and during any Speed interval. Roll a Sorcery + Magic test. Each net hit at or over the threshold for the type of infection reduces the disease’s current Power by one. This spell may be cast multiple times. The Power of the disease is reduced for current and future speed interval tests and while that may stop ongoing effects, Cure Disease does not heal any damage or erase any permanent symptoms already inflicted by a disease.

Some types of infections are much harder to treat with magic than others. The threshold for combating a Bacterial infection is (2), a Viral infection is (4), and Retroviral infections have a threshold of (6).



Permanently lost points of Magic also cause the permanent loss of power points, with corresponding ability loss chosen at random. Any remaining points of Magic that were lost during the ongoing duration, but not permanently drained, will be recovered at a rate of one point per day. Anyone whose Magic is permanently reduced to zero becomes mundane.)

Biological entities with a physical infection treat FAB III exactly like any other bacterial infection, including adding any bonus to the resistance dice pool for qualities, augmentations, magic, and medical treatments. Infections that are solely acquired through astral contact (including infected spirits) are resisted with Willpower x 2 (Astral Body + Willpower) and do not receive any benefit from non-magical treatment. Unlike previous strains of FAB III, the epsilon variant does not go dormant, and once infected the disease progresses even when the host’s astral form is not astrally active. A resistance test is required at each time interval regardless of being astrally active or not. Like previous FAB III variants, this version does not pass between metaplanes, and spirits can remove the infection by simply returning to their home metaplane.

As a side note, FAB III has no effect on native Disians, as they have no natural magic rating and draw on pools of undifferentiated mana to create magical effects, however, there is rumored to be a new strain of FAB that may be effective against them.
