---
id: LH-0203
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: ERROR, ERROR 8.1 Mp deleted by UNKNOWN USERS
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## *****ERROR, ERROR*** 8.1 Mp deleted by UNKNOWN USERS**

**>** This is annoying. I hate it when I miss something.

**>** Slamm-0! \<07-21-83/1040:19>



The others present, who I shall not name but will mention they represented the megacorporate powers of Japan, demanded his immediate seppuku as the only way to keep his family’s honor, but both the Empress and Toshiro had other ideas. The Empress demanded MCT’s fall. She did not want the Japanacorp to fold, but instead to crumble, with the pieces falling primarily to other Japanacorps. It can’t be a handover, as MCT is going to need to feel the shame of collapse. But her greatest demand was the failure of the Disians.

I won’t lie, I was thoroughly expecting to get executed after that meeting, but I instead got to meet the heartbroken Toshiro Mitsuhama. He relayed the tale of finding his son’s body in one of the Disian Harvesters, and how he had to leave him and the others for the authorities to find. He had hopes for Tosh’s future and genuinely cared about him. Along with the massive shame he felt for letting his family’s company get rotted out from the inside, then losing control of it to someone he called Miriam Ito, it truly humbled the man.

I have had a hell of a ride these past few days, and I’m overwhelmed with knowing what I know. Never expected to be so close to such big changes in the world.

We got an MCT Zero-Zone to deal with, a whole bushel of those nightmare-fuel creatures called chimeras, and a scary collection of Disian agents with Ghost knows what tricks up their sleeves, because any one of them could have any number of paranormal powers infused into them. I’ve got solid chummers on our side, some more for the money than the honor, but every one of us knows that nuyen and life won’t be worth spit on the other side if we don’t win.

- That was it. This whole file was posted to a shadow host in Japan at the same time it hit my inbox. Many have speculated on what happened behind the scenes for Toshiro to sell out, and this kid sums it up quite succinctly. I’ll never forgive Toshiro Mitsuhama for the countless lives his corporation took with their pollution, experimentation, and Zero-Zones (all things he was well aware of), but I will give the man a small kudos for putting on his white hat in the end.

- Glitch

- All this is chip-truth, right? Not some Mitsuhama fanboy dreamer giving us a little fictional recap to make their life more interesting?

- Johnny No

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Time to go spend some nuyen and hit the books.
