---
id: LH-0299
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Arleesh - Posted by: Wyrm Watcher'
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Arleesh

## Posted by: Wyrm Watcher

According to recently uncovered information, Arleesh is the reason we are where we are; both good and bad.

Arleesh was the first to recognize the Disian threat and act on it. She was also the first to organize and finance a resistance in the form of Grey Cell and other initiatives, pulling great reserves from her resources and personal hoard to get Grey Cell up and running. She also tried to get the other great dragons, and anyone else for that matter, to listen and take the Disian threat seriously. When no one listened, she sought out lost rituals to combat the Disians, finding them on an ancient scroll. These rituals were later used in Antarctica to save the world from extinction. And she was the one who incurred serious injury in an attempt to stop the Disians two years before they enacted their Final Project.

This is where some say she fragged up.

During the Battle of Detroit (see the _Cutting Black_ download), when Damien Knight turned his metaplanar disruption devices into weapons of mass destruction, Arleesh used a considerable amount of her magical power to open a metaplanar portal to channel that destructive force into the Disian metaplane in what she hoped would be a first, and last, strike against them.

She only partially succeeded. Instead of killing the Disians outright, she sped up the decay of their metaplane, forcing them to accelerate their Final Project. Now, some say before that, an agreement could have been brokered with the Disians, thereby preventing the death and destruction caused during the shadow war. Others say the Disians would have tried to kill us regardless, and that Arleesh gave us the fighting chance we needed.

But as they say, hindsight is always crystal-clear. Currently, Arleesh is said to still be recovering from the magical strain on her body caused by her actions in Detroit and the Antarctic rituals. She has reached out to several contacts, including the Draco Foundation, to plan new precautionary measures, to help ensure something like the Disian Shadow War never happens again.

- At least this time, people might actually listen to her.

- Stone

- I still can’t decide if her actions were extremely reckless or gutsy.

- eX-Professor

- That is something only history can decide.

- Fianchetto
