---
id: LH-0290
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Service - \<07-21-83/2201:05>
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Service

## \<07-21-83/2201:05>

I almost had a heart attack when the Red Samurais’ leader came up to me out of the blue and broke the trance I was in. He informed me that “it was time to be of service” and handed me a small wooden box. The look on my face must have been a question because he simply replied “they said you will know what to do when the time comes. And we shall make sure you’re there to accomplish it.”

Next thing I know, we’re in the Red Samurais’ VTOLs racing through an icy valley toward the Aztechnology stronghold. We land at what looks like a small Aztlan outpost, with Azzie soldiers, specifically Jaguar Guard and Blood Daggers, waiting for us. My heart is racing, and there’s a few tense moments as the Samurai and Azzies eye-fragged each other. Finally, one of the Daggers says, “Our orders are not to impede you. But we will not assist you. Some wearing the uniform of Aztlan may still be under the demon’s sway. Those we do not care about. Those wearing _our_ marks; you will leave them be. Understood?”

I was confused as hell, but whatever. The Red Samurai leader simply nodded and inside we went, through an access tunnel and into the compound. From there, the fighting was fierce, and the Reds lived up to their rep. For every Samurai that fell, they took at least ten or more with them, including several chimeras. They fought their way through the compound, following me. Frag, I had no idea, other than a feeling directing me where to go. But I eventually found it.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
