---
id: LH-0066
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Evo
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evo

If Project Nemesis was a family, Evo is the wild child that brings chaos when they get bored, or worse, when they don’t get their way.

Since the war kicked off, new information has come to light. The reason Evo sided against the Disians is because their original overtures of joining Team Dis were flatly and soundly rejected. It seems Evo is considered something of an abomination in their eyes, an affront to everything Dis holds in regard. Their transhuman and technological leanings are considered utterly repulsive, they have no real “warriors” to speak of, and they welcome several “lesser” beings (read: metasapients) into their ranks, _including_ positions of power. And to top it off, there are reports indicating the Disians would kill Buttercup on sight if given the opportunity.

- Well, that’s a new one. I wonder why?

- Lady Greenfire

- Buttercup is a powerful free spirit from who-knows-what metaplane. Maybe there’s some kind of bad blood or something else we don’t know about.

- Axis Mundi

- Or because they, too, are beings of energy, ergo a type of spirit. Maybe they see her as some kind of natural enemy or threat.

- **>** Ethernaut

And of course, she took that personally.

So, without approval from the board of directors, Buttercup threw Evo in with the Defenders and Project Nemesis to fight against the Disians. Okay, so fight is the wrong term as Evo isn’t exactly known for such things as say Ares, Aztechnology, MCT, or Renraku are. And despite Buttercup’s increasingly erratic behavior, Evo has proved to be invaluable to the Defenders and Project Nemesis.
