---
id: LH-0042
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Internal Strife and Possible Insurrection
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Internal Strife and Possible Insurrection

In addition to the previous data, we also have credible sources within Aztechnology and the Aztlan government who report growing discontent with President de la Rosa and her current course of action. This dissatisfaction is currently developing within several middle-tier divisions and subsidiaries of the corporation and its military forces.

This data also indicates the possible source of this discontent, the infamous Special Projects Division and its head, Armando Salazar. Background on Salazar and Special Projects can be found both in the _Scotophobia_ and _Book of the Lost_ downloads. Reports indicate that Salazar has privately expressed his disapproval of de la Rosa’s continued kowtowing to the Disian leadership, specifically the Auditor.

Some of these leads appear contradictory, however. Reports also indicate that Salazar personally

- It goes beyond that. Salazar has already been assigning people to different divisions in order to “better facilitate” this new weapon project of his. Or rather, he already had them in place and was just waiting for final approval. Seems to me that Salazar had this plan in motion a **long** time ago.

- Pyramid Watcher

- I’ve heard that his lieutenants from Special Projects have also been taking informal polls among the Aztechnology and Aztlan military officer corps, as well as the rank and file, to get a read on who’s loyal to de la Rosa, and who isn’t.

- Marcos

- Well, if these aren’t a bunch of giant red fragging flags, I don’t know what is.

- Sam-R-Eye
