---
id: LH-0298
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Toshi Akimura (Silk) - Posted by: Sunshine'
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Toshi Akimura (Silk)

## Posted by: Sunshine

In every war, there are those who fight, and those who support those who fight. Toshi Akimura, the current head of the Draco Foundation, fell into the latter role.

When the manastorms and other natural disasters occurred, people needed somewhere to go. And not only those who were displaced, but the dependents of those who were fighting also needed protection.

Enter the Draco Foundation.

Through their humanitarian efforts, they were able to relocate tens of thousands of people from disaster and war zones into (relatively) safe areas. And spearheading the effort was Akimura, the former shadowrunner and Dunkelzahn watcher who went legit. Throughout the war, his face becamesynonymous with the Draco Foundation on trids, screamsheets, and across the Matrix, encouraging people to help in this time of need. And surprisingly, he was successful at doing something few would have thought possible: making people care.

- That was the public drek. Behind the scenes, the DF was using all these refuges to help move fighters against the Disians when transportation became too restrictive.

- Osprey

- Old Silk was also providing something else the Defender Movement needed: contacts. Sure, Grey Cell et al. had set up a banger of a network, but nothing stays intact for long once the shooting starts. And for the contacts to operate, they needed an additional support network, people and places they could turn to when their original sources were either used up or killed. That’s where the DF shined. They always knew someone who knew someone, who had exactly what was needed.

- Chainmaker

Since the ending of the war, the Draco Foundation has continued its humanitarian efforts, helping bring and coordinate relief efforts to damaged areas. Behind all that, the DF has also taken in scores of former Defenders, especially those from Grey Cell after that organization dissolved.
