---
id: LH-0188
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Update \<05-08-83/1515:13>
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update \<05-08-83/1515:13>

It seems the situation has changed. While there are still magical goods coming into Prague, a number of groups are quietly smuggling shielded transit containers out. I’ve identified some of these groups, and there’s a shockingly large number of drakes. Job offers aren’t escalating either, which suggests internal tasks. I haven’t positively IDed everyone moving these containers, but those I have are known to work for Schwartzkopf (no surprise), Lofwyr, Lung, and Arleesh. This is clearly a multi-dragon operation. And if true, similar operations are likely occurring elsewhere, and we simply haven’t noticed. I tried getting data on the containers’ destinations but lost track of most of them once they were out to sea.

seem to be preparing for an expedition to somewhere extremely cold, but I couldn’t pry the details out of anyone who might know.

As for all the gear that’s been moved through the city? I’m sure some of that will go to outfitting this company of ritualists, but it looks like there’s another goal for most of these enchanted goods.

- Where is all this information coming from? Something smells scaly here, and I don’t mean fish.

- Sim-Eon

- My snooping didn’t go unnoticed. Once I’d been checked over to make sure I wasn’t with the enemy, one of my contacts in the Benandanti XXV reached out to set the record straight.

- Cover

- This brings the credibility in question, you know.

- Sim-Eon

- Maybe the Sea Dragon is involved? Doesn’t seem like a stretch if there are already several of them working together.

- Snopes
