---
id: LH-0306
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Karen King - Posted by: Sounder'
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Karen King

## Posted by: Sounder

During the war, Seattle stood as a bastion of defiance against the Disians, and it never broke.

Sure, there were more than a few cracks, but we held firm. And while not directly part of the Defender Movement, the citizens kept the Disians in that area on their back foot so that other regions, such as Cal Free and the NAN, could catch a breather. And it was King who held it all together—got the shadows and the Seattle government to actually work _together_ for a change.

Frag, that’s a miracle if I ever saw one.

And while what she did during the war is remarkable, the moves she’s making after the war are what’s piquing a lot of interest. See, the entire time we were fighting, King wasn’t just acting like a liaison, she was making connections, building relationships (new and old)—not just in the sprawl, but outside it as well. She was adding new names to her contact list, finding out what they needed and making it happen, and when she had nothing to offer, she went old-school and started to trade favors. With this new network of connections, King has become _the_ power player in the Seattle Shadows.

I recommend everyone keep an eye on her and Seattle.

- I’ve been hearing that Michael Bishop is making overtures to King in an attempt to get Ares Seattle back into the corporate fold. So far, she has pretty much ignored him. Not sure how long that’s going to last, but I wouldn’t be surprised if King isorchestrating some kind of scheme to break away and take Ares Seattle with her.

**>** Cool Hand Duke
