---
id: LH-0119
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Spinrad Global: Possible Shift?'
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Spinrad Global: Possible Shift?

Of all the megas, Spinrad Global has been the most hands-off regarding the current shadow war. The exact reasons for that are still unknown, confined to the realm of rumors that even those in the shadows don’t want to touch, but there have been indications that could possibly be changing.

The first indication is that SG has started to become more active outside of corporate business. Before the Week of Death, SG had (like any other corp) their fair share of shadow ops. Then suddenly, they dropped every one of them and focused on keeping everything in-house. Not as bad as say, Ares has, but pretty close. Now, fixers and Mr. Johnsons have been branching back out, making inquiries as to what’s really going on out there.

- We’ve known about this for a while now and are attempting to make overtures to SG in order to maybe bring them into the Defender fold. But so far, no success.

- Torrent

The second is that SG seems to be gearing up for something. As part of an initiative ordered by Shaheed Zahir, SG’s resident shadow-expert, Miranda King has made good on some of the “theoretical studies” she was instructed to enact. While the studies and their results are currently under extreme lock and key, King was authorized to conduct “rigorous security audits.” Spearheaded by Sphinx Security and in conjunction with “security advisors” from the 10,000 Daggers mercenary unit, these audits have been using the Daggers’ unique skillsets to test the security and vulnerabilities of all current SG holdings. They’ve also been seen inspecting and conducting “readiness tests” at SG holdings all throughout the Middle East and Mediterranean in recent weeks with plans to push further out.

To the untrained eye, this looks legit, until one looks at what happens after one of these tests. By all accounts, Sphinx has been fortifying these holdings like a garrison unit while it looks like the Daggers are setting up staging areas for possible paramilitary and special forces-style operations. Is this simply a defensive posture against what is inevitably yet to come? Or is this an indication of something else?

- Things have also been going on internally with SG as well. It seems that the board finally grew a spine and decided to do something regarding a certain memo that doesn’t exist. I guess being paralyzed by some dirty laundry didn’t sit well with some, most notably Zahir who’s pushed hard for action to be taken. Keep an eye on him, he’s hungry.

- Goat Foot
