---
id: LH-0286
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Coming Full Circle (Operation: Cold Fury)'
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Coming Full Circle (Operation: Cold Fury)

Posted by: Lyran

\<07-21-83/0941:05>

- Figured I could post this here. Updates as I can.

- Lyran

- Wait, what? Where? How?

- Slamm-0! \<07-21-83/0941:09>

- Survival now, explanation later! Although I do have so many questions …

- Glitch \<07-21-83/0941:05>

The old saying is, never deal with a dragon. Well, I can honestly say I didn’t deal with _a_ dragon, I made a deal with _several._ Because sometimes, that’s the price you have to pay for what you want.

And what I wanted was to find Hanna.

For the past few years, I’ve been searching for her even though I … thought it was over. We parted on some rather messed-up terms. I know she didn’t want to but _had_ to. She had to stop being Stiletto and become Hanna, while I had to stay in the shadows. And when she suddenly reached out to me after so many years after joining Grey Cell, it was like … no, _they_ don’t get those thoughts.

And then she went rogue, off the grid, and things _really_ went south.

Too many times I literally missed her, sometimes by minutes. I learned more about who she was hunting—the Auditor—and why. I also learned about the Disian threat, and I helped out when I could. Still, all I could think about was finding her.

That tenacity, maybe obsession, is what got me here, in the bowels of a Free Marine Corps assault ship heading toward Antarctica. In my search for her, I also got a lot of people’s attention. Long story short, I found myself in a room with several great dragons.

I then made the deal. They’d provide me with the means to find and rescue Hanna, but in exchange, I was to be “their witness” in the battle to come and perform a task for them. What exactly that entails, and more importantly _why me_ —who the frag knows how dragons think? I’ll find out soon enough.
