---
id: LH-0320
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Ares Thunderbird
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Thunderbird

The Thunderbird is the result of numerous refinements to the high-voltage, directed tesla coil technology used in the Ares Arms Scylla. It uses the same low-power laser system to ionize a path through the air, and an arcing blast of electricityinstantly follows. The Thunderbird delivers the same punch as the Scylla but in a man-portable package. The main difference is a shorter range and the removal of the Scylla’s safety systems, allowing for potentially lethal damage to both the target … and the user. The base model is approximately the size and weight of a light machine gun, with the detachable capacitor bank holding ten charges at the stun setting—five on lethal. There’s also an optional backpack frame for carrying additional capacitor banks to increase the weapon’s ammo capacity.

**Game Rules:** The Thunderbird’s capacitor pack, a two-kilo solid-state block, uses the same rules as a fuel tank for reloading. This capacitor pack can be recharged in thirty minutes by connecting it to any standard power source, such as a vehicle’s generator. The backpack carrier holds four capacitor packs and takes the same amount of time to recharge all four packs at the same time, if sufficient power is available. This backpack follows the same rules as fuel tank backpacks.

Like the Scylla, the Thunderbird delivers Electricity damage (p. 109, _SR6_ ) and uses the Spray Attacks rules (p. 117, _SR6_ ). The default stun setting uses 1 charge of ammo and deals Stun damage. The lethal setting uses 2 charges per shot but causes Physical damage with –1 DV. Switching between the settings is a Minor Action.

| ares thunderbird                                                                                       | ares thunderbird    | ares thunderbird                      |                            |                           |                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| **EXOTIC**<br>**DV**<br>**Ares Arms**<br>**Thunderbird**<br>7S<br>(6P)<br>Spare<br>Capacitor Pack<br>— | **MODE**<br>SS<br>— | **ATTACK RATINGS**<br>8/10/—/—/—<br>— | **AMMO**<br>10(c)<br>10(c) | **AVAIL**<br>7(I)<br>7(I) | **COST**<br>16,500¥<br>1,500¥ |
| Backpack<br>Capacitor Carrier<br>—                                                                     | —                   | —                                     | 40(c)                      | 8(I)                      | 6,500¥                        |
