---
id: LH-0144
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY SIX \<03-13-82/2147:12>
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY SIX \<03-13-82/2147:12>**

I had a fight with my father. It was bad. I said things that damaged our relationship—probably permanently. I’ve wanted so badly to bring the family honor, especially working here at MCT. I wanted not so much to pay it back, as I can never pay him back for all he sacrificed for me, but pay it forward, to make their life easier as he edges inevitably to the point where he can’t work. He’s started making mistakes on the vessels. They’re small, innocuous things, but it could escalate. I asked him to consider retiring. I even asked Hamita-san, and she said she could pull some strings to get him in sanitation, maybe window cleaning.

But when I told him, he looked as if I’d spit on him, deeply dishonored him. And he told me he would never work for a corp that would sully the soul. And yet when I got this job, he’d been so proud. So which is it? I told him to frag off if his honor didn’t allow him to accept help from his daughter. Who does he think he is? I know what he gave up, so why can’t he see that I’m trying to help him now, that MCT was trying to help him?

And what did my mother do? Watched. She watched the argument, head down like a submissive puppet, watched their daughter walk out of their life after extending a helping hand … watched as he slapped it away, and called me a sarariman.

Damn him, and his code of honor. Damn them both. MCT is all the family I need.

- Here it is—the moment. This is when Nico-san became a wageslave. Devoted to her lord and savior, MCT.

- **>** Hangfire

**>** Holy hell, what a death spiral. **>** Icarus

**>** When it happens, it happens fast.

**>** Pistons


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!
