---
id: LH-0378
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'First Responses: Story of the Century'
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## First Responses: Story of the Century

The first few nights saw record sales of soykaf, long haul, and uppers of every kind.

The media was quick to dub the situation the “Un-Awakening,” and cranked up the usual sensational headlines, stories of half-truths, and more than a bit of innuendo thrown in for the sheer chaos factor. Everyone seemed to have an opinion on what had happened. From two-bit, burnt-out hacks, conspiracy theorists, and those with an axe to grind; all were out in force spewing garbage in order to get their fifteen seconds of fame or rake in the nuyen for their so-called _expert_ opinions.

- Anti-magic groups, such as Humanis, some technocrats, and a lot of fundamentalist religious movements that were long thought gone wasted no time in fanning the flames and claiming that magicians and the Awakened “are finally reaping what they’ve sown,” and that “the time of their punishment was at hand.”

- Elijah

- Something else that needs to be said, whispers of Winternight are being spoken again.

- Agent X

- Ironically, it was Horizon that became a voice of reason among the chaos. They ran stories urging for calm while facts were gathered.

- Deadline

With all the biased reporting, it’s impossible to get an accurate read on what the general public actually thought. The best term I could think of to describe it would be “mixed.” Even though magic and those who practiced it have gained greater public acceptance in recent years, there has always been an underlying current of mistrust (bordering on fear). During the Un-Awakening, some took advantage of the situation and took out these fears on now-depowered magicians and adepts. While others saw them for what they were, victims of circumstance who had just been stripped of something that was an integral part of them. Some even began to actively protect the formerly Awakened. Most, however, simply didn’t care one way or another and wanted to know when their creature comforts would be restored.
