---
id: LH-0083
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Return of The Destroyer
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Return of The Destroyer

Posted by: Kane

- This one comes to us from our favorite teller of tall tales, Kane. This time it looks like he stumbled across something a little bigger than just a crazy story.

**>** Slamm-0!

Honestly, I’m not sure what to say about this. I took a job with a friend of mine a few weeks ago to take down a drone-piloted light courier en route from somewhere south of Georgetown in Amazonia. It was unmarked, and traveling along exactly the flight plan I was given when we found it, going low and slow with no escort. It didn’t really defend itself beyond a few evasive maneuvers, and it wasn’t hard to force into an emergency landing. It

must have figured its best defense was to just keep low and hope no one noticed.

Once we caught up to the thing, we found it had gone down in an area of thick jungle, but we were able to recover what Mr. Johnson wanted pretty quickly. The weird thing was, there were people on board too. We weren’t told there was going to be anyone on board this thing, so naturally when we found a couple of bodies, our price for the job went up. One poor slag had some slick-looking cybereyes, and we wanted to find out just why this guy was hanging out with a bunch of produce. Maybe there was some paydata or something there. And was I ever right.

Since the goods for Mr. J were already recovered, we had a few minutes to hook this stiff up to a battery and see what made this guy so important that he was being shipped home on an unmarked drone courier. We were able to pull a few files from his head, but one in particular was more interesting than the others. It was a full audio/visual file with some kind of high-end encryption on it. I figured we hit the paydata jackpot, so I dropped a line to someone who could crack it open.

The message I got back wasn’t what I expected. I’m not even sure what to make of it, but my gut tells me this file is something someone didn’t want to get out.

/Open File: KNE667/WARNING!!! Corrupted Data Detected/ <TIMESTAMP ERROR>
