---
id: LH-0372
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Day After - Posted by: Deadline'
page: 174
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Day After

## Posted by: Deadline

\<08-15-83/1945:04>

On July 23, the fight for the fate of the Sixth World was over. We won (duh). The global manastorms began to dissipate, and eventually the skies cleared. Those who’d fought in the largest shadow war in known (or would it be unknown?) history finally had a chance to exhale. Granted, this war lasted less than a year, but I’d put the insanity and brutality we experienced up against anything in history.

I’m not sure if that’s a good thing … I guess it simply is. Or maybe I need to find a way to sleep.

The world at large never really knew what was going on, which is another facet of the world we live in. We were almost destroyed by invaders from another metaplane, and the world at large was more worried about if their Matrix connection was secure, if McHugh’s Mega-Meat™ sandwich was going release on time this year, who won thelatest urban brawl game … anything _but_ the fact that we as a species almost joined the dinosaurs.

This time, the world kept turning, and the sun rose again.

And yet, the world has changed. Most people just don’t realize it yet, and some may never. But for those who had a front-row seat for the nightmare, those of us in the shadows, we won’t forget. Frag, ever since leaving Pennsylvania, I haven’t been able to forget.

Anyway …

The battles were over, but we weren’t quite done, not just yet.
