---
id: LH-0130
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Shinobi: Silent Death'
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shinobi: Silent Death

Closely connected to the Yakuza are the _shinobi_ (better known as ninja), a group of assassins with a long history tracing back to feudal Japan. Contrary to Hollywood portrayals, they are not stereotypical figures clad in pajamas wielding swords. Instead, they blend into society seamlessly, often unnoticed as they carry out their tasks. Shinobi establish themselves in various roles, from janitors and security guards to spies and saboteurs, remaining hidden in plain sight. Despite their independence, they maintain ties to the Yakuza through tradition, with the Oyabun among their clientele … and targets. While different shinobi societies may have varying views on augmentation, magic, and modern weaponry, they’re pragmatic individuals willing to use any advantage.

Shinobi schools target the marginalized SINless population, often recruiting from among the streets’ forgotten individuals. They maintain an inclusive policy, accepting women, metahumans, and foreigners without discrimination. Recruits must demonstrate potential and adaptability, undergoing rigorous training akin to a perpetual boot camp to toughen body and mind. While the curriculum remains undisclosed, it encompasses stealth, disguise, acting, and proficiency in multiple weapons and martial arts, including _shinobi-jutsu_ (or ninjutsu). The fate of those who fail to meet the shinobi standard remains unknown, implying that they don’t survive.

While the shinobi maintain secrecy regarding traditions, rituals, and methods of avoiding government detection, some information is leaked to secure certain opportunities. Despite their clandestine nature, distinguishing between genuine shinobi societies and impostors is challenging, albeit not without efforts to ensure accuracy. There are, however, no guarantees in this endeavor.



Once their gumi were back in order, the Rengos were still trying to figure out how MCT did it, when Anatoly Novikov found the Silver Nail file. The file was an accounting record that showed how MCT had attempted to over-leverage its entities to raise capital, and when that wasn’t enough, they used specifically purposed entities and other mark-tomarket accounting to cover or hide debt with the sole purpose of overstating revenue so they could borrow additional money. They were smart and portioned off specific entities in an attempt to protect the core of MCT. With this information, however, a group of business-savvy individuals could target weak entities and do things like buy their loan notes and force them into default in order to take them over—or use questionable tactics to target and disrupt nuyen sources to create flow issues.
