---
id: LH-0014
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Week of Death
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Week of Death

This was the Disians’ attempt at a decapitation strike against all their enemies; and it almost worked.

We’re not exactly sure when the decision was made, but the Disians abandoned their normal modus operandi and moved up their timetable to enact the first phases of a plan known as the “Final Project.” Doesn’t take a scientist or psychic to figure out what that means. But part of that plan also necessitated the removal of certain obstacles and threats.

On November 2, 2082, Disian proxies covertly formed strike groups and hired shadowrunners to take out a number of targets across the globe. These targets were individuals and groups actively fighting Disian interests or likely to pose a future threat. A secondary objective was to secure specific locations for their Harvester Network.

The first wave of attacks was swift and brutal. Within the first two hours, thousands of people were dead or missing. According to after-action reports, within those first hours, the Disians were able to eliminate close to forty percent of their target list. Some were dispatched with surgical precision while others were swept up in the ensuing madness. Strike teams rolled in hot and heavy with everything from small arms and heavy explosives to combat magic and not caring about innocent bystanders or collateral damage. This was also the first time that chimeras were used in large numbers. The carnage helped sell the overall narrative that this was a global terrorist attack.

- Some didn’t prepare enough; others were simply steamrolled.

- Sam-R-Eye

- The tsunami cannot be stopped, even if one knows it is coming.

- Many-Names

Over the next few days, much of the fighting degraded into deadly games of cat-and-mouse between pro- and anti-Disian forces. And while more lives would be lost, the anti-Disians gave as good as they got with thousands of pro-Disians dead or removed from the fight. By day nine, the Week of Death ended when pro-Disian forces pulled back.

Tactically, the Week of Death was a stalemate, with both sides gaining de facto control of certain regions as the fighting continued. As of this posting, the Disians however still hold the strategic advantage.
