---
id: LH-0108
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Arks of Tyre - Posted by: Goat Foot'
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Arks of Tyre

## Posted by: Goat Foot

Since the Week of Death, among the many strange stories to arise are tales of numerous sightings of what most believe to be Noah’s Ark appearing in the highlands that encompass the Touline and Qabrikha waterways. These are not the old structures, but new safeholds being constructed using designs obtained by Shiite clerics following works inspired by those spirits who guide the practice of _Ifran_ . The materials are primarily types of wood, notably cedar and cypress, that undergo significant ritual modification. There are dozens of these currently under construction, guarded by elements from Sphinx Security (SpinGlobal), Genessol (Greek Military Academy), and even paramilitary specialists from the Israeli Defense Force. Sixty of these safeholds are planned; each one is said to be able to house a thousand individuals for up to five years.

What makes their construction unique are the ritual operations that expand the growth of whole forests of trees where few were remaining and alter the material to be resistant to all forms of magical assault, including atrophic magic. This process is different from the techniques involved in GreyManatech.

tion of their own, as many of their people claim to have active memory of what it was like when the world went dark in the past.

As the longer-term paranoia continues to brew, especially after Buttercup usurped that press conference, more and more groups of Awakened began taking the fear to heart. It has not gone unnoticed that many of the world’s Great Dragons have also gone relatively dark, which has lent further concern. Many non-great dracoforms have been seen as directly involved in preparations and even protecting the sites where the portals are being opened each time.

- Ethernaut touches upon this, but I want to elaborate. There are no fixed locations here, for as each portal remains open for longer periods, ever-growing numbers of dark and shadowy spirits begin to descend and engage, seeking to close the portals off and slay whoever or whatever may be generating the gateways. It can only be surmised that these spirits are being directed to engage and, thus, potentially further isolate our world. If they are doing this at the command of the Disians, then it may be a sign that they are about to initiate their Great Harvest or whatever term it has been given.

- **>** Winterhawk
