---
id: LH-0157
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY SEVENTEEN \<06-14-83/2201:13>
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY SEVENTEEN \<06-14-83/2201:13>**

The Skyhook has fallen! There’s a full investigation right now, and all fingers are pointing at shadowrunners for the sabotage. But, my father, my mother—they were there. My father invited the both of us to tour the grounds, see what it looked like up close. I wanted to go, even bought a plane ticket out there. The whole shadowrunner thing just had me so messed up.

They’re still digging through the wreckage and pulling the bodies from the rubble of twisted metal and carbon fiber. No word yet on survivors. MCT hasn’t even bothered to issue me a “sorry for your loss.” Right now, I’m considered “contested” while they fully investigate my involvement with the shadowrunners. I’m lucky I haven’t been transferred yet, like Hamita-san, though I have no doubt it’s coming … especially when they get the results of the physical.

My time is short. And frankly, I don’t care. My family is dead. I know it. I can feel it in the core of my being. It is hollow, a void in my soul. A vacancy of my very essence. The pain will come … eventually.

But the Disian threat is real, the boards are right, and the people I work with are blind to it, or simply pretend not to see. Or worse, they’re so medicated, mind-controlled, or threatened, they do nothing against it.

MCT is no longer what I thought it was. Maybe it never was. I’ve become a victim in this crossfire, and I can see no light, only darkness. And the shadows are hungry.

Greigh-san will come for me. He will come with soldiers. I’m fairly certain he’s a Faustian.
