---
id: LH-0237
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Worldwide: Monsters and Mechanoids'
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Worldwide: Monsters and Mechanoids

Posted by: The Smiling Bandit \<06-03-83/0052:18>

For decades I’ve had more than a passing interest in some of the more dubious parts of current cybernetic and medical advancements—one of those being cybermancy. For the uninitiated, cybermancy is the use of magical means to keep an individual’s spirit in their meat body when said body has been implanted with more augmentations than said body can handle, which results in death. With cybermancy, you get performance way beyond standard metahuman specs; all while the unfortunate subject is trapped in a hellish state of psychosis. And that doesn’t even begin to cover the corrupted magical principles and rituals needed to perform such an operation, _and_ how said rituals create a walking mana disruption.

But the tradeoff is a _thing_ that’s exponentially stronger and faster, a literal killing machine that’s



completely subservient with no free will of their own _and_ dangerously unpredictable if not properly controlled. Hence, why they’re called “cyberzombies.”

What I’m posting is a … well, I’m not sure what it is. An accounting, a condemnation, a criticism, perhaps? No, this is a statement of facts, of a darker aspect of metahumanity that was created for destruction and death that is, perhaps ironically, being used to save all our lives.
