---
id: LH-0088
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'VOICE 1: TWENTY-THREE FORTY-SIX, PROCEED FORWARD TEN PACES, TURN AND FACE
  THIS GROUP.'
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **VOICE #1:** TWENTY-THREE FORTY-SIX, PROCEED FORWARD TEN PACES, TURN AND FACE THIS GROUP.

Slowly, an armored figure walks to the edge of the light, obviously scanning the darkness for any signs of what had moved. The figure reaches the edge of the light and stops, turning on their heel to face the viewer. 5.1 seconds later, audio detects additional scraping noises.

From the shadows, a giant scaled claw emerges and batters the standing figure, smashing them into the cavern wall before retreating back into the darkness. The figure is unmoving.

**VOICE #1:** TWENTY-FOUR SIXTY-TWO, PROCEED FORWARD TEN PACES, TURN AND FACE THIS GROUP. \<tone of voice indicates 97.8 percent chance speaker is annoyed>



Another armored figure (25.4 percent larger than the first, indicating ork metatype) briefly hesitates and steps up to the location where the previous figure stood. Audio detects the POV individual breathing heavily.

**VOICE #1:** WE WILL HAVE THIS CONVERSATION. *3.3 SECOND PAUSE* NO, YOU WILL USE THE VOICE I HAVE PROVIDED FOR YOU. YOU WILL NEED IT.

Figure 2462 suddenly clutches their head and throws their helmet to the ground, continuing to hold their ears, even though audio detects no audible noises or sounds.

**FIGURE #2462:** I CAN HEAR IT IN MY HEAD. IT’S SO FULL OF RAGE AND POWER … IT’S TELLING ME TO SAY WHAT IT SAYS TO ME!

**VOICE #1:** YOU HAVE BEEN TRAINED FOR THIS. DO AS YOU’RE COMMANDED TO DO.

The ork nods slowly and winces before finally sighing.

\<NOTE: Change in pitch and tone of 2462’s voice, designating as Voice #2>

**VOICE #2:** THEIR MEWLING SQUEALS ARE INCAPABLE OF MY VOICE.

**VOICE #1:** I WOULD NOT INSULT YOU BY ASKING YOU TO TAKE THEIR FORM.

**VOICE #2:** YET YOU REFUSE TO USE OUR TRUE METHOD OF SPEECH. <growling tone detected> WHY HAVE YOU COME HERE, GOLDEN ONE? TO GLOAT ON YOUR SUCCESS? IT WAS YOU WHO ORCHESTRATED ME BEING THROWN INTO THIS PIT. IT WAS YOU WHO WISHED FOR ME TO BE IMPRISONED. WHY NOW?

**VOICE #1:** YOUR BODY REQUIRED HEALING. BUT I HAVE NOT COME HERE TO ASCERTAIN YOUR LEVEL OF CONVALESCENCE. I HAVE COME HERE WITH AN OFFER. A NEW ADVERSARY HAS APPEARED, AND HAS WARPED THE FLOWS OF POWER, AS YOU HAVE NO DOUBT FELT, EVEN HERE. THEY ARE NOT OUR ANCIENT FOE, BUT THEY USE SIMILAR METHODS. SEVERAL HAVE BEEN SEDUCED BY PROMISES OF POWER AND HAVE JOINED THEM ALREADY. AND THEY HAVE ALL BUT PARALYZED OUR KIND, OCCUPYING US IN WAYS THAT PREVENT US FROM RESPONDING.

- *10.4 second pause* Audio detects Voice #2 dry, hacking laughing.

**VOICE #2:** SO, IN YOUR DESPERATION YOU HAVE COME TO ME. WHY SHOULD I BOTHER TO HELP YOU AT ALL?

**VOICE #1:** DO NOT MISCONSTRUE MY INTENTION. I AM NOT HERE TO BEG YOU FOR ANYTHING, MERELY TO OFFER YOU A MEASURE OF FREEDOM IN EXCHANGE FOR YOUR SERVICES IN PERFORMING THE TASK TO WHICH YOU, AMONG US ALL, ARE SUITED TO.

Audio detects a loud “snorting” noise that echoes from the darkness.

**VOICE #2:** A MEASURE, YOU SAY. WHAT ARE THE LIMITS OF THIS MEASURE?

**VOICE #1:** UNTIL THE CONCLUSION OF THIS INVASION, YOUR ACTIONS WOULD BE MINE TO DIRECT. YOU ARE ONE OF US, AND THUS I CANNOT CONTROL YOU, BUT THIS ARRANGEMENT WOULD BE A BINDING PACT BETWEEN US.

2462 twitches and grits their teeth and trembles, indicating severe pain.

**VOICE #2:** SERVITUDE? TO YOU?! AND THE OTHERS WOULD AGREE TO SUCH A DEBASEMENT?

**VOICE #1:** IT IS NOT SERVITUDE, MERELY A PACT. THE PALE ONE IS IN FULL SUPPORT. WITH THEIR VOICES, THE STONE-DIVER AND THE PROTECTOR AGREED. THE OTHERS ARE TOO OCCUPIED WITH CERTAIN … PREPARATIONS. BUT THE DECISION WAS MADE, AND HERE I STAND. YOUR BODY HAS BEEN MOSTLY HEALED. YOUR HOLDINGS ARE INTACT AND AWAIT YOUR RETURN. AN ENEMY HAS REARED ITS HEAD IN YOUR TERRITORY WHILE YOUR RECENT ADVERSARIES SEEK TO PLACATE THEM WITH IMPUNITY.

**VOICE #2:** YOU WOULD ALLOW ME TO FREELY RETURN TO MY LAIR? TO WAGE WAR UPON THOSE WHO WOULD SEEK TO DESTROY US AS WELL AS THOSE WHO AID THEM?



**VOICE #1:** I WOULD NOT HAVE MADE CERTAIN IT WAS PROTECTED OTHERWISE. THERE WERE OTHERS WHO WISHED TO DIVIDE IT AMONGST THEMSELVES. YOUR CONFINEMENT WAS TO BE PUNISHMENT ENOUGH. NOW THE CIRCUMSTANCES HAVE CHANGED. YOU ARE REQUIRED. THE INVADERS BELIEVE YOU TO BE REMOVED FROM THE BOARD. IT IS TIME TO SHOW THEM OTHERWISE. TO THE OTHERS, YOU ARE KNOWN AS THE DESTROYER. IT IS A POWERFUL NAME. SHOW THEM THEY ARE RIGHT TO FEAR YOU.

*20.5 second pause*
