---
id: LH-0424
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "The Sea Dragon: Aquatic Rumblings - Posted by: Ka\u2019irk"
page: 194
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Sea Dragon: Aquatic Rumblings

## Posted by: Ka’irk

Despite a late entry to the game, Reinadelmar certainly did her part in stopping the Disians. Now before anyone goes on saying anything about dealing with a dragon, let me tell you that a deal with a dragon ain’t no different than a deal with a shark. You’re kidding yourself if you think any deal will last—the most you can hope for is to benefit from it while it does.

I can tell you, her delayed arrival on the scene certainly cost her. Between paying top nuyen for jobs and the shoddy effort to hide her involvement, she certainly wasn’t profiting from helping out us

- Alright, this is not the place for dragon relocations speculation. Dig deeper and hit Glitch with a real lowdown. We’ll put something together.

- Bull

- Whatever. What I want to know is: Why didn’t the dragons act sooner? Why didn’t they do something about Dis before all the destruction, before the loss of life? Are we nothing more than playthings, pawns to be discarded at their whim? We do all the fighting and dying, crafting and initiating elaborate plans, and sending people into the meatgrinder. Yet they come in at the last possible second and flaunt their awesome magical powers in our faces, steal the win, and then disappear … again! Makes all our sacrifices worthless!

- Borderline



**>** I get it, you’ve lost people. We’ve all lost people. But let me read you and everyone else in. This was always the plan. Seraphim, Data Bomber, Eviction Notice, Cold Fury … Rampart … and everything that came before was part of the plan, each a part of the whole and designed to support the other. If one part failed, we all failed. See, Ringmaster crunched the numbers and realized as soon as the Harvesters were discovered that there was no way to take down every one of them, especially when the mobile ones came on scene. We didn’t have the firepower, and we certainly didn’t have the numbers. And even if all our strike teams succeeded, we knew we still couldn’t get them all. So, we make that part of the plan. You say the dragons didn’t do their part, well you’re wrong. Yeah, they normally don’t really give two dreks about us, but this time they did their part. With the exception of Sirrurg and a few others, the rest stayed out of the fighting so they could prepare themselves for that oh so critical moment that literally saved us all. Our job was to lighten their load as much as we possibly could, to take out as many Harvesters and facilities as we could because if we didn’t, they would have failed, and we’d all be dead. So, feel however you want to feel, but don’t drek on the memory of those who gave it all when you don’t know the chip truth yourself.

**>** Rifleman
