---
id: LH-0287
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Warriors Gather
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Warriors Gather

I’m only a humble talislegger, but I’ve worked the biz long enough to recognize the heavy hitters in this little operation, quaintly called “Cold Fury” (ugh) under the callsign “Ice Dagger” (double ugh). At current count, this cruise consists of the Free Marine Corps and their assault ships (FMS _Iwo Jima_ , _New Orleans_ , _Green Bay,_ and the new _Bel-_



_leau Wood_ ), their frigates ( _Independence, Coronado,_ and _Daniel J. Daley_ ), and a whole bunch of *ahem* private vessels. They’re escorting several transport ships filled with members of Tsunami, Combat Inc., independent mercs, any shadowrunners crazy enough to come, and a detachment from Saeder-Krupp.

Guess they’re not on the fence anymore.

Also, two days after putting to sea, three longrange VTOLs packed with Red Samurai landed on the _Iwo Jima_ . The remnants of Tai-sa Minoru’s personal detachment, they broke away from Renraku and are here to avenge their master’s death and regain their honor.

Whatever, the more the merrier.

Our job is to take Aztechnology’s Antarctic facility, which I’ve been told houses a massive locus, which the Disians are going to use to focus and for the lack of a better term _refine_ the harvested mana before sending it to some place in the UCAS and back to their metaplane.

This kind of magic, it’s _way_ beyond my level, I’m only understanding maybe a quarter of it. But what gets me is that, if there’s also another operation to take out the Harvesters going on at the same time as this one, why not focus on them? Why all this?

Whatever, not my part of the deal to understand. I’m just here to get Hanna.
