---
id: LH-0357
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Aetheric Jammer
page: 169
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aetheric Jammer

Externally, this device is a simple, black, thirty-centimeter square duraplast cube with molded handles. Internally, this device is a prison to hold and destroy bound spirits, usually several at a time. When the jammer is activated, the essence of bound spirits is stripped away by the device’s enchantments as their tortured screams fill nearby astral space. The effect makes it difficult for Disians and Faustians (or anyone else) to communicate through Mindspeech, the Mindlink spell, or a Disian memory crystal.

Aetheric jammers have a standard Matrix interface, but its Matrix icon doesn’t reveal any details about its purpose. Like other Dark-Tech devices, its appearance in astral space is shrouded in writhing darkness, and assensing it will not produce any useful information. Spirits refuse to go anywhere near it and hate those who use it.

**Game Rules:** Aetheric jammers have a rating between one and twelve that represents the combined force of the spirits bound within. When activated, the user can program it to draw off a number of rating points over a set time period that determines the power available for generating astral noise. Each rating point that’s removed from the device represents six “charges” of astral noise. Six charges could be six hours of astral noise at force one, or one hour at force six. The astral noise cannot be set higher than force six. Each point of the aetheric jammer’s rating converted to charges reduces the rating of the device by one point. It can only be used for a limited time before it runs out of power. It cannot be “recharged” and when its rating reaches zero, it becomes useless. Using this device (or even being near it when it’s activated) causes a drop in Astral Reputation (p. 63, _Street Wyrd_ ).

The astral noise is a controlled form of magical background count generated using tortured spirits. The effect covers a one-hundred-meter diametertimes the set force. If the force of the astral noise is greater than the rating of a Disian memory crystal, the crystal stops working. It also stops Mindspeech from working if the force exceeds the Magic of the entity projecting it. Any spells used to magically communicate, such as Mindlink, lose net hits equal to the force of the effect, and if net hits drop to zero, the spell fails. Tests made inside astral space, within the affected area, also have a negative modifier equal to the force of the astral noise.

As an additional side-effect, all metahumans within the affected area gain the Frightened status if their Willpower is less than the force of the astral noise. All animals in the area gain the Panicked status and will attempt to flee.
