---
id: LH-0167
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Death of Independence: Hamburg'
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Death of Independence: Hamburg

If there’s an overarching narrative of Germany’s chaos, it begins in Hamburg. Of course, there were terrorist attacks all over Germany during the Week of Death, followed by the cliché “German Angst” calls for order at all costs. But in Hamburg, near the headquarters of DeMeKo (which has been particularly diligent in spreading the lie of Grey Cell being responsible for the global terror spree), the impact was particularly severe.

On November 7, 2082, during the Week of Death, there was a large-scale attack on the “Emporium,” a club that was considered neutral ground, and where a crisis meeting of various groups was taking place. According to survivors, dozens of masked individuals in grey, unmarked military armor raided the club and shot anything that moved.

It became clear later that there was a method to their madness. The Vory, well-known members of the shadow scene, and leading figures of Hamburg’s independence movement (including “Alien Queen,” the leader of Hamburg’s cyber underground), were on the hit list. If there was ever a chance for Hamburg’s independence, like in Seattle or St. Louis, it died that night.



- As far as the assassins were concerned, club patrons belonged to the Xuèxing Zhi Rèn, an infamous mercenary group who worked for various warlords in the Chinese successor states. Analyzing how they traveled from China to Hamburg without a trace points toward Wuxing.

- Balladeer


for what’s being called “The Second Coming” of Berlin’s Status Fluxus. With Pflügler’s death at the end of January 2083, all governmental power in the city resides with the former (and only) third mayor Takeshi Ozu of Renraku. And he has no intention of relinquishing power as long as the state of emergency he hIMselF declarrrrreD remAINns in forccccce 5@!221###.
