---
id: LH-0133
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Ninkyo Keiretsu (NK) - Posted by: Nuyen Flow'
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ninkyo Keiretsu (NK)

## Posted by: Nuyen Flow

I was asked to do a deep dive on this and, well, I couldn’t find much. This is the name of the entity that seems to be the holding company for all of the Four Oyabun Rengo’s current dealings. Ninkyo combines two characters in Japanese, _nin_ , which means humanity or benevolence, and _kyo_ , which refers to the code of the samurai. I documented the five largest stockholders. In order from largest to smallest, you have Samba Oi (fifteen percent), Shin Yuruyasu (thirteen percent), Saigusa Oguramaro (eleven percent), Uehara Akae (eleven percent) and Anatoly Novikov (five percent). The documents show that Oi, Yuruvasu, Oguramaro, and Akae will all hold permanent board seats with full voting rights no matter how many shares they hold. They will each be able to appoint one board member at their sole discretion. Novikov currently has a board seat, but it states he may not assign anyone else to his spot unless the Oi, Yuruvasu, Oguramaro, and Akae all approve. Additionally, the remaining shares may elect four at-large board members.

As far as I can tell, there are three subsidiaries: Ninkyo Communications, Ninkyo Technologies, and Ninkyo Thaumaturgical. The information on these entities is better protected than Ninkyo Keiretsu, and I expect they mean to hide what they’re up to until it’s too late. If they follow the same plan they used at MCT, then I wouldn’t be surprised if we see a new AA megacorporation created by combining all of the A-rated companies the Four Oyabun Rengo have acquired.
