---
id: LH-0292
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: There Be Dragons - \<07-22-83/0001:05>
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## There Be Dragons

## \<07-22-83/0001:05>

It’s really fragging disconcerting—no, frightening—when your body is put on autopilot.

The mana surge kept coming, and growing, with each kilometer, each meter heading toward the locus that could not receive it. And all I could do was watch. I vaguely heard people yelling, trying in vain to find cover. To their credit, the Reds stood there with me and watched, accepting their fate.

Without realizing it, I was now watching the astral, which was even more terrifying. As the surge came, it was like life itself was ripped from the material plane, a trail of death and darkness left in its wake. I’ve never seen something as beautiful and utterly terrifying in my life.

That’s when I felt _them_ the strongest. They were seeing through my eyes, now I was getting flashes through theirs. I saw several of them: Aden, Celedyr, Ghostwalker, Hestaby, Hualpa, Lofwyr, Lung, Rhonabwy, Ryumyo … all in a circle with Arleesh in the center, a scroll hovering above her while she acted like a conductor of magical energies that grew between them. A number of objects I didn’t recognize also floated between them all. They were burning bright like supernovas in the sky, although Arleesh faltered for a moment, only to reassert herself and shine as brightly as the others.

Their astral forms then left their bodies and took flight as if they were riding the currents of a great storm, a tornado or hurricane; tendrils of energy linking them all as their power formed a great funnel. I lost sight of their astral forms in the ethereal maelstrom.

Just as the mana surge started to overtake us, one end of the mystical funnel lashed out like a predator, embedding itself and then feeding … no, not feeding, channeling, like a whirlpool taking water and anything else caught in it. The other end of the funnel then pierced the ground and started infusing the mana back into the earth. The ground beneath us trembled, and in some places split, as the sky above flashed with horrible yet beautiful colors as silent chains of lighting surged overhead.

But quickly, things began to calm, as if things had changed. I felt a calm wash over me as I was embraced by tranquility. The earth stopped shaking, the lightning slowed and then stopped, and soon, as the last of the mana was sent back into the earth, everything was calm, and a soft gentle borealis shone overhead.

I remember smiling before passing out.
