---
id: LH-0165
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Allied German States: Let the Fragging Begin - Posted by: Red Anya \<04-24-83/1502:52>'
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Allied German States: Let the Fragging Begin

## Posted by: Red Anya \<04-24-83/1502:52>

- We’re fighting as terrorists in a global insurgency. The goal isn’t to hold anything, and instead force the enemy to commit assets and take out or disrupt as many of them as we can, thereby creating opportunities to strike priority targets.

- Thorn

- I get that. But how often have the insurgents won? And before you say “Vietnam,” there was a significant political element pressuring the United States that we don’t have—and from a strategic point of view, the U.S. kicked the drek out of the Vietnamese. And don’t say the Ghost Dance because they had magic. Oh, and don’t say the Amazonian War either. I was there. Amazonia may have gotten in a few good shots with a similar style of warfare, but they were eventually overpowered by Aztlan forces who didn’t give a drek about public opinion because they controlled it … kind of like what the Disians are doing to us now.

I couldn’t resist some of the opportunities hinted at in the _Scotophobia_ download, which is why I’ve been closer to recent developments than I’d normally care for.

And I won’t sugarcoat it: Germany is drekked. Of everything I post, never forget the “Jahrhundertwinter” Germany is suffering from: cold spells, snowstorms, and in some cases, brutal permafrost from October to May. A state of emergency has been in effect for months. So, when I say “refugees,” we’re talking about people fleeing through the freezing cold, overburdened camps, overstretched communities battling hunger, and misery associated more with places like Stalingrad than the “rich and stable AGS.”

- Scattershot

- Interesting analysis.

- Fianchetto

- First time for everything? Maybe we’ll be the exception to the rule?

- **>** Electric Blue

Regardless of the situation, current Defender operations (generally) fall within these categories: target prosecution, enemy force suppression, continued intelligence gathering, and avoiding elimination. None of these are mutually exclusive, and regional forces may be dealing with a combination theEEre OF As of 3##@#!!%
