---
id: LH-0064
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Ares (sort of)
page: 42
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares (sort of)

One of the biggest questions people who are fighting this shadow war are asking is: Where the frag is Ares? And it’s a valid question. Of all the corporations, Ares is almost tailor-made to take on a threat like the Disians. Their Firewatch Teams are considered some of the best in the world, and the corporation has poured billions of nuyen into research regarding extraplanar threats. Not to mention they’re one of the largest arms producers on the planet. And yet, they’ve been largely absent when they could, and maybe should, have been on the front lines.

But while they might not be fighting against them, at least they’re not fighting _for_ them.

Rumors are also just starting to circulate that former CEO, the late Damien Knight, had been approached by the Disians and offered the standard power quid pro quo deal. And to his credit, he reportedly told the Disian representative to go fornicate with themselves.

- It also seems he had no problem pilfering data from Disian allies to further Ares’ research and development. How else do you think he was able to create the “Devices” used in Detroit. Wouldn’t be surprised if he based those damned Alpha-type bugs off Disian chimera too.

- Johnny Redline

But after Knight’s death at the Battle of Detroit, Ares’ interim CEO, Arthur Vogel, put the corp into massive restructure mode after moving from Detroit (now Motor City) to their current home in Atlanta. These policies continued when current CEO, Michael Bishop, took over. Since then, Ares has been riding the fence and circling the wagons. Sort of …
