---
id: LH-0017
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Call to Arms
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Call to Arms

Before the Week of Death, there’d already been several organized groups, networks, and alliances dedicated to uncovering and countering the Disian threat. And despite early successes by individual groups, they could only do so much to combat the Disian threat. Coordination issues made a coherent and united strategy impossible, and the fact that they didn’t have sufficient numbers to deal directly with the Disians didn’t help either.

That changed after the Week of Death.

Up until then, the Disians were mostly considered another conspiracy theory, urban legend, or at worse a massive psyop (which is precisely what the Disians wanted). But when bodies started dropping _en masse_ , scores of people changed their tune. Having their neighborhoods and homes attacked, even indirectly, and losing friends and family slots people off. Further, and more importantly, it also slotted off a lot—and I mean a _lot_ —of people within the shadows.

- I personally know a lot of runners who found out they were working for the Disians, and everything attached to that. It’s not just anger that caused them to go Defender, it was also shame at what they’d done. Lots of people are working for both penance and redemption.

- Balladeer

- Some still don’t care, or worse, they’re willingly working for the Disians. If we live, I think the shadows are never going to be the same.

- Cool Hand Duke



And surprisingly, large numbers of normies outside the biz who needed someone to blame started realizing that something was wrong and the official line the governments and corps were feeding them had the distinct smell of bulldrek.

Days after the Week of Death, messages and posts across various VPNs and Matrix sites started to randomly appear as a rallying cry against “the injustice” of what had happened. While not outing the Disians directly, these messages reached exactly the right people despite the messages being largely dismissed as terrorist misinformation. And using methods I _still_ can’t comprehend, these people found their ways to groups who needed them the most, or they assisted in other ways, such as additional intelligence gathering and logistical support.

- Wait, you’re telling me the Defender Movement is some sort of shadow grassroots thing?

- Treadle

- Don’t be so naïve. Look at the timelines. In less than two weeks, this “movement” was fully formed and ready to go. Grassroots movements don’t develop that fast **and** with this level of coordination. No, large parts of this were already in place. The question becomes, was the Week of Death part of the plan or was it simply taken advantage of?

- Kay St. Irregular

- Or! Did they learn about the Week of Death ahead of time and **let** it happen? Higher body count means more outrage to turn against the Disians.

- Plan 9

- I conducted a back-trace on the various posts pushing for the Defender Movement. I recognize code used frequently by Horizon agents, specifically the Dawkins Group.

- Heimdall-R

- Say what?!

- High Road

- Bold claim, can you confirm that? I find it difficult to believe Dawkins would be that sloppy.

- Icarus

- Or maybe that’s what they **want** us to think.

- Plan 10

- Yes. I will gladly share all my data regarding the matter.

- Heimdall-R

- Wait, Horizon is using their powers … for good?

- So, you have a problem with a corporation, who is, last time I checked, trying to help save the world, and you’re worried about what amounts to a little propaganda? You do realize the Defender Movement is a **good thing,** right?

- Haze

- Goes beyond mere propaganda. I worry about any kind of power like that. Once this is over, who do you think they’re gonna turn it on next?

- Borderline

- So, what about the Red Samurai? Their current methods are akin to war crimes. Or how Evo is putting dangerous tech on the streets, not to mention the rumors of their new ventures into cybermancy. But a little media manipulation is your hard limit?

- Agent X

- **What the frag?!** We’re facing extinction and instead of fighting for our survival, we’re having an “ends justify the means” debate? Save our hoops now, by any means necessary, and figure it out later!

- Flash-Banger

- And if anyone is just **now** realizing what Horizon **can** and **has** been doing since its creation, you’re an idiot who hasn’t been paying attention.

- Dr. Spin

The new Defender Movement united most of the various anti-Disian factions and gave them a sense of purpose in fighting a common enemy. But more importantly, it provided a shared identity to the disparate people dedicated to saving the planet. And that’s the zeitgeist being tapped into and weaponized against the Disians. Even those who had been fighting the Disians before the Week of Death are embracing the Defender Movement. As such, anyone fighting or resisting the Disians were now simply calling themselves “Defenders.”

All philosophical and existential questions aside, the Defenders are galvanized against the Disian forces. But more importantly, the Defenders now have sufficient numbers and resources to mount a coordinated counter-offensive.

Now, we just have to fight this fragging war.

- It’s not just on the Matrix. Word of mouth is also spreading about the Defenders **and** serving as a rallying cry. Signs and graffiti are being spotted in areas where Disian lackeys have control. Those caught tagging or putting up signs (real and ARO) are quickly and brutally dealt with. But that hasn’t stopped people. For some, it’s become a matter of honor and pride, not just survival.

- Old Crow

- Stone

- I can’t believe this manipulative bulldrek!

- Borderline

- Fighting the Disians is all well and good, but there’s still something about it that makes me nervous, even if it is for the greater good (for now).

- Bull



- Some are seeing the current shadow war not just as a fight for our survival, but as a proxy battle for everything currently wrong with the Sixth World. Once this is all over, again assuming we survive, we will have to take a hard look at what’s been set in motion. Because what happens when we have people who fought hard, but now suddenly don’t have a war to fight but still see enemies?

- Corporate Raiders

- **Asymmetric warfare:** a type of war between belligerents whose relative military power, strategy, or tactics differ significantly. This type of warfare often, but not necessarily, involves insurgents or resistance movement militias who may have the status of unlawful combatants against a standing army and may employ unconventional weapons and tactics. May your new knowledge serve you well, my friend.

- Fianchetto
