---
id: LH-0139
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: log it! journaling utility from mCt! - JOURNAL ENTRY ONE \<01-26-82/1849:29>
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **log it!** journaling utility from mCt!

## **JOURNAL ENTRY ONE \<01-26-82/1849:29>**

I can’t believe this is happening! I, Nico Suzume, was hand-picked by a scouting agent to be hired directly into MCT! All I need to do is make sure I maintain my grades, and as soon as I receive my Masters, I’ll be a part of the MCT family. This is a dream come true!

Mother and Father are going to be so proud of me. After immigrating from Japan to the UCAS, my father has always struggled to put food on our table—first as a dockhand, later on as a trawler out on the Pacific, and recently as a ship’s mechanic. I know he sacrificed much for me to attend the University of Washington, which cost him hundreds of thousands of nuyen. I know he put a second mortgage on our home and has too much honor to ever let me repay a single nuyen. So, this is the greatest way I can honor him, to honor all my family. Becoming an employee of Mitsuhama is a huge step for us all. I absolutely can’t wait to tell them. This is the greatest day of my life!

- I have no idea what she just said, but I’m here for it.

- **>** Stone

- A prime example of ignorance, I see. Bravo!

- The Smiling Bandit

- Grab them when they’re young and dumb, I guess.

- Sim-Eon

- Youth are impressionable, idealistic, and want to make real change in the world. Wonderful traits, and yet so easy to abuse. Armies, institutions, and now megacorps have used this tried-and-true method since before the time of the Romans.
