---
id: LH-0328
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: rEVOlution Arms Aerosol Grenades
page: 162
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## rEVOlution Arms Aerosol Grenades

rEVOlution Arms Aerosol Grenades are designed to disperse liquids in a fine mist of aerosolized droplets. This method of delivery is more sophisticated than a simple paint or chemical grenade and allows the properties of the liquid to remain stable while the droplets in the vapor cloud stay suspended in the air for a useful period of time. Aerosol grenades are typically loaded with DMSO-toxin combinations, a biological agent such as FAB, or any other chemical usable in a vapor gun. They’re twice the size of a standard grenade and are _not_ available as mini-grenades.

**Game Rules:** Unlike other rEVOlution Arms weapon systems, a wild die is not required when using these devices. When triggered, an aerosol grenade produces a two-meter-radius cloud of whatever it’s loaded with. Unlike a gas attack, the vapor cloud of an aerosol grenade is more stable, and targets are either inside the aerosolized vapor cloud and subject to the full effect, or outside of it and aren’t affected. There are no half or quarter effects and no concentration. Aerosol clouds last for ten rounds in still air, or only a single round in high winds, and then disperse or fall to the ground and are no longer effective.

The canister of an aerosol grenade holds either a liter of FAB (or a similar bio-agent), 20 doses of DMSO mixed with 20 doses of a liquid toxin or drug, or 20 doses of a liquid Inhalation-vector toxin or drug diluted with a half-liter of solvent.

| aerosol                                           | grenade    | grenade  |           |          |
| ------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | -------- | --------- | -------- |
| **TYPE**                                          | **DV**     | **AREA** | **AVAIL** | **COST** |
| **rEVOlution**<br>**Arms Aerosol**<br>**Grenade** | (by toxin) | 2M       | 4(L)      | 120¥     |
