---
id: LH-0302
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Atticus Cole (Ringmaster) - Posted by: Thorn'
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Atticus Cole (Ringmaster)

## Posted by: Thorn

**>** YES.

- Ethernaut

But it wasn’t until her infamous press conference that we finally got to see, or rather got confirmation, of just how (to use a purely clinical term) bat-drek crazy she’d become. After going on a near five-minute rant about the Disians and trying to sound like some kind of underground revolutionary, she apparently stormed out of the studio and headed back to her floor (yes floor) at Evo HQ, where she proceeded to screech and destroy every piece of furniture and cripple anyone stupid enough to enter her domain.

After about a week, she finally reemerged, calmer but less. Those were my contact’s words, so take them for what you will. It was as if she was diminished, that part of her essence had left her. She then locked herself back in her floor with orders not to be disturbed, and actually apologized for the damage she had caused.

What I’m about to say may contradict previously released information, but given Mr. Cole’s background, that’s simply par for the course, and likely intentional.

Other than being born somewhere in the Midwest part of the UCAS, little is known about Mr. Cole’s life before he joined the Central Intelligence Agency. There are rumors, of course, that he’d previously served in intelligence for one of the UCAS military branches, or perhaps as part of the DIA or NSA. Others suggest that he was nothing more than a conman and grifter who, through a series of misadventures, found himself recruited by the Agency. From there, Mr. Cole quickly rose through the ranks and served many years as deputy director of operations, and a short time as director in the early ’60s. It was just over a year after gaining the director’s position that Mr. Cole left the agency on lessthan-amicable terms, faking his own death for his continued safety.



- Rumors say that before his disappearance, he refused a direct order from the CIA director to terminate an op that would have burned several agents and assets for political expediency. He reportedly said “not my circus anymore” as he walked out of Langley for the last time.

- Kay St. Irregular

Eventually, Mr. Cole resurfaced (more or less) as the right hand of Great Dragon Arleesh. She’d sought him out specifically to help with a shadow offensive against a new threat, eventually revealed to be the Disians. He was the one who was primarily responsible for forming Grey Cell and leading the Defenders’ counter-offensive against the Disians. Everything the Defenders did, morally upstanding or questionable, was Mr. Cole’s call.

Everything else is rumor, speculation, or misdirection.

- What isn’t well known is that he evaded no fewer than thirteen separate assassination attempts and had to change HQs at least seven times during the war. He fought his way out of at least three of those. Say what you will about his other skills, the man can handle himself.

- Balladeer

What set Mr. Cole apart was his ability to work with people. Whether questioning someone in an interrogation room or planning a complex, worldwide offensive against an invading metaplanar force, Mr. Cole approaches everything he does from a metahuman perspective first, knowing exactly what he needs to do in order to get what he needs from someone. Sometimes, this means being the bad guy. More often, however, he gets what he needs by discovering someone’s motivations to bring out the best in them (even if that best is their worst) using a combination of wit, charm, personality, and even empathy. When planning operations, Mr. Cole doesn’t simply see people as assets, he sees the total package: skills, flaws, and psychology. He uses this to determine how to best use the people at his disposal.

Having an eidetic memory doesn’t hurt either.

What also makes Mr. Cole so effective is the loyalty he shows for those under his command—a rarity in the spook business, which may have been the catalyst for his departure from the CIA. Rumors continue to this day, but all have a similar theme of Mr. Cole refusing to needlessly sacrifice his people in favor of political expedience.

Just before the shadow war concluded, Mr. Cole disappeared during the final battle with the Disians. According to reports, an enemy force composed of several Faustians leading dozens of chimeras assaulted, and later penetrated, Grey Cell’s main command post known as Big Top. Ordering an emergency evacuation, Mr. Cole and a skeleton crew stayed behind to cover the

evacuation and continue coordinating the battle. With his position being overrun, Mr. Cole initiated Fireball Protocols and self-destructed the base. Everything within a kilometer was vaporized.

Although he was declared dead, rumors persist that he survived, changed his identity (again), and took a secret consulting position with the Draco Foundation. Others say he’s gone into hiding, retiring completely from the shadows. One rumor says he loaded his consciousness into some kind of device based on Disian tech and got a new body. Wherever he is, I think he’s earned some rest.

- He faked his death once … just saying. But I agree with that last sentence.

- Cool Hand Dude

- So, what’s with the “Mr.” bit? Are you trying to kiss some hoop in order to get a job now that the world isn’t going to end?

- **>** Clockwork

- A sign of legitimate respect. I’ve had my own personal dealings with Mr. Cole before, and during, this war. And even though he could have, and frankly should have, abandoned me during an operation that went horribly sideways and would have delivered me straight into Disian hands—he didn’t. For that alone, he is one of the few people I’d call “Sir.”

- Thorn
