---
id: LH-0211
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'No More Politics - Posted by: Marko'
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## No More Politics

## Posted by: Marko

I arrived in the region as a consultant, along with Siberian-based units of the Hellcats mercenary force and D’grail, a member of SSU-221. The Hellcats in Magadan needed work, so I hired them

Hoi everyone! Marko and other Yakutians asked me to contribute to this discussion. Some of this information was gathered through contacts and connections that would otherwise have been politically unfavorable to him and his people. The rest I witnessed firsthand.

- Wait, I thought you were an explorer. Why are you there?

- Slamm-0!



**>** We needed someone more knowledgeable in these fields, someone very thorough in their research and familiar with being mobile. Most are not comfortable in Yakut during the winter. G-Nome is. And G, what you brought made their sacrifice worth it. **>** Marko

- G-Nome and his team took longer than they should’ve. He and three of the seven others survived. Of those three, two of them had traces of the poison the Saban Zaga had been using in them. They were lucky. This proved who was providing some of the toxins. They will get theirs.

**>** Switch

Among the many concerning circumstances that were taking place in and around Lake Baikal, and the mountains beyond, was the increasing number of missing citizens, mostly shapeshifters. Most don’t think of them as individuals, but Yakut recognizes them for their sapience and not their physiology.

I was asked to assist in a recon mission as an escort, something I would have loved to have access to during past jobs in their nation. This time, I was assigned to identify certain individuals and confirm (or deny) their suspicions. What we found was astonishing. Terrifying, but astonishing.

Corporations are known for hidden facilities where unspeakable and unthinkable research is conducted. We found one such facility north of Irkutsk. Carved from the rock, it was easily the size of a sports stadium, but laid out with row upon row of modified Valkyrie modules used in Harvesters. Within each were masses of biological matter taken from creatures of the material plane and being reconstructed—nay, _repurposed_ , into what we now recognize as combat chimeras. The facility was shielded, but a pack of Awakened shapeshifter wolves, moving with a talented gnome magician, snuck their way into the facility and got visual, chemical, and biological samples. \[ **link to fles** \] I only wish I could have gotten more.

- Is this for real?
