---
id: LH-0214
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Posted by: Switch'
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Switch

- Glitch

- Visual count: 2,232 individual chambers recognized in all files provided. No evidence of editing, pre- or post-recording.

- **>** Polaris

- The information G-Nome provided shows that the upper chambers contain DNA sequencing consistent with 92 percent of all mammalian life on our planet. Samples in the lower chambers are less than 12 percent, with evidence of extended alteration and mutation.

- KAM

- There were concerns regarding where some of the chimeras were coming from. How did you find it?

- **>** Torrent

- In a nation permeated with Awakened sapients, even the badgers have possibilities.

- **>** G-Nome

When March approached, shifts in the mana around the lake began manifesting in violent upheavals. Intelligence later confirmed the existence of Harvesters in the region. One is in Irkutsk beneath the central dam, which controls the water flow out of Lake Baikal and into the Angara River.

A second one is beneath the fortifications built on Olkhon Island in the community of Khuzhir near what is commonly known as Shaman Rock. Khuzhir is a walled enclave fashioned from stone and rock pulled from the area, more than five meters tall and equally thick. The population is believed to be fewer than two thousand metahumans, all strong supporters of the White Wizard and Saban Zaga. There’s some indication that a third Harvester may be on the lake’s southeastern shores within the vicinity of Oimur. Walls are going up there that appear very similar to those in Khuzhir, which some of our operatives have sabotaged.



We’re working to counteract the effects a Harvester will likely exhibit, having established what we hope are several protected sites around the lake. Both sides are constantly fighting, but with spring approaching, the southern lake is beginning to thaw. As the thaws increase, ice and frozen soil change to mud. To counter this, the Russians have converted all ground operations to tracked or hovercraft and brought in a large contingent of VTOL aircraft.

- How do you know what a Harvester is going to do?

- Winterhawk

- We’re guessing—I won’t deny it. We hope to reinforce the mana and counter any atrophic or entropic effects. The rest is fundamental geomancy. We’ve done some readings on Wuxingtrained geomancers stationed up here. I know they’re Wuxing; I’ve been in their heads.

- Marko

- If you can get that close, why not remove them from the equation?

- Slamm-0!

- First, I use optical binoculars with my version of the spell, so I am not that close. Second, we need to know every adjustment they’ve made. If they’re dead, we may not learn enough. Third, not all of them fully support the Final Project. Fourth, if we can turn them to our side, we will.

- Marko
