---
id: LH-0122
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Red Wolf (Anatoly Novikov) Posted by: Juice Box'
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Red Wolf (Anatoly Novikov) Posted by: Juice Box

For years, the Vory had willingly worked with the Disians, assisting with material collection and security while they built their network of Harvesters. Anatoly Novikov, a Wolf shaman leading the Red Vory in Moscow, received a vision from his mentor spirit. Wolf told Novikov of the danger the Disians represented, and that if he could help stop them, he would lead his pack. Novikov took this vision to heart and started to coerce his fellow Vory leaders to join his cause, using any means necessary.

Wolf had told Novikov that to be successful, his followers must sacrifice part of their soul to combat the Dis. Inspired by the vision, he began allocating resources to augment trusted individuals in his organization. Everyone who was augmented for the cause took part in a ceremony, enhancing their body and even changing their names to further distance themselves from their past. At first, only six of Novikov’s people volunteered, and were collectively known as Metal Angels. Novikov’s Brigadier also took part in the ceremony,

POCKETand the heavily augmented man was known only as Mashina from then on. After the Metal Angels began tearing through those earliest Disian opponents, the number of volunteers increased, but Novikov didn’t have enough nuyen to create the numbers he needed to accomplish his task.

- I said it the first time I heard about them, and I will say it again. They sound like a Babe Metal Band.

- Sim-Eon

- That is a mental image I could have done without.

- T3chK1d

- It should be noted that the Metal Angels were instrumental in **discouraging** other Vory from continuing the trafficking of metahumans for the Disians, even in some cases aligning with those from the Defender Movement to help get the job done.

- Red Anya

Inspired by new visions _and_ the opportunity for additional revenue streams, Novikov moved his businesses and anti-Disian operations to North America, specifically Seattle. But the already established White Vory quickly became an obstacle to his plans. They were also at the forefront of a metahuman smuggling pipeline that led straight to the Disians. It wasn’t long before Metal Angels and Seattle White Vory were going at each other.

While dealing with the White Vory, Novikov also heard rumors that some families of the Seattle Mafia were also in bed with the Disians. To determine the truth (and locate new Disian targets), Novikov ordered Mashina to assess these rumors and expand the Metal Angels’ information networks.
