---
id: LH-0300
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "Aurore \u201CTina\u201D Bloch - Posted by: Sim-Eon"
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aurore “Tina” Bloch

## Posted by: Sim-Eon

Aurore is a powerful blood mage, decorated by Aztechnology for her (gruesome) work during the Amazonia War. She was in her early twenties then and she was already ruthless. Aztechnology put her in charge of the security of a secret site in Brittany. While she was kept in the dark about it, it’s clear to us they were assembling a Harvester there.

The good news is she didn’t follow orders; the bad news is that she is an ambitious, cutthroat, blood-magic fiend who likes to experiment with dangerous rituals. To make matters worse, she is building her own initiation group, made from other mages of Dassault, who share the same predilection for blood magic.

- Whether it’s entirely for her own benefit, to discreetly mess with the Disians, or perhaps both, she often relies on runners. She has, however, a downright strange method to acquire their services. She contacts the team through the Matrix, offering triple their usual fees, but requires them to deliver a material link of some sort in a dead drop. The next night, the group has a shared lucid dream where she conducts the briefing. Of course, if anything goes wrong during the run, she then has the means to hurt you through ritual magic.

- Pyramid Watcher



- She is quite powerful for a barely thirty-something mage, which has led to rumors that she might be a secret love child of the infamous Mr. Darke. If this is true, her opposition to Dis could stem from her allegiance to the ones her father served.

- Plan 9

- What the frag?

- Arete
