---
id: LH-0146
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: log it! journaling utility from mCt! - JOURNAL ENTRY EIGHT \<09-19-82/2311:59>
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **log it!** journaling utility from mCt!

## **JOURNAL ENTRY EIGHT \<09-19-82/2311:59>**

I can’t stop thinking about the doomsdayer, and that word, Disian. So I decided to dig. I began trying to unveil anything and everything I could. Unfortunately, I got nothing, and also caught the attention of the higher-ups. I should’ve known better. Hamita-san has a direct connection to my deck, as do many security deckers in the MCT, and they saw everything I was parsing. She came to me and told me to stop. Any further digging would result in unnecessary administrative discipline or worse. I didn’t want to rock the boat, so I stopped. It was just an infatuation, nothing pressing.

But still, it nags at me—not MCT, mind you, this street doc. I’ve always had a thing for conspiracy theories, a guilty sort of fascination with the idea of something deeper in the world. It’s the mystery of it all, the pockets of shadow in the neon sea. What can I do, though? Matrix usage is limited to extracting bits of intel on the news media we’re fed, and on getting the intel to spin it in a positive way for our employees or for MCT. Parsing the digital highway for anything but what I’m allowed is met with the deepest scrutiny. I don’t want that, and I have a good thing here. MCT is my family, especially now that I seem to have dishonored my real family.

But damn if I don’t want just a peek at that paydata. If only I weren’t so curious.

- She’s lucky that’s all she got. MCT isn’t known for its subtlety when it comes to Matrix security. Aside from the overwhelming amount of ice they use, even their most innocuous data receives full 128-point encryptions.

- Spume

**>** You thinking they’d “transfer” an e-analyst just for digging on a word this early in the game? **>** Mink

- Outside of even Disian influence, MCT don’t frag around. They’re not for witnesses on any front, be it physical, or cyberspace. She’d been with the corp for less than two years, and only as a fairly low-end wageslave. Either of two things happened: She was good at her job and was valuable enough to let her slide this one time, or Hamitasan covered for her, putting her own neck on the line.

- **>** Spume

- Good points. I wonder what kind of working relationship the two of them have? It seems an awful risk to take, especially for someone so low in the company. Wageslaves like Nico are a yen a dozen.

**>** Mink

- Merely conjecture at this point. Her journals don’t really point to anything in regard to their working relationship, only that she has a light crush.

- Spume

- Agreed. I’m more interested in the halfer street doc this Nico-san is referring to. Anyone got intel on him?

- Sim-Eon

- Nada. Looks like someone, probably MCT, had them dealt with a long time ago. Like Spume said, MCT doesn’t like loose ends.

- Serapion


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!
