---
id: LH-0095
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Awakened Nations
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Awakened Nations

- Just to add a follow-up, I’ve recently managed a second trip into what passes for the Matrix on Dis. The Nulls are indeed completely infesting it, but I also noticed there were a LOT of data files from this Matrix stored in the various data centers run by the servant races on Dis. The only possible way I can think of for that to be true is if the Nulls are bringing the data to them. This must also be what they’re trading to the natives in exchange for information. From what I could find out, it looks like they are most interested in data about other metaplanes with Matrix equivalents.

- Perri

- Ah … once again, the time spent perusing this board seems well spent, as this little bit of information provides a possible solution to a serious question I’ve had lately. We seem to have developed a problem with information security through some of our corporate partners. To flush out the leak, I ordered numerous data files containing false information to be planted in various hosts. While Disian operatives seem to have acted on some of the false information, we have been unable to pin things down to a specific leak. A network of Null Sect entities working in unison to steal and move information to Dis would explain the pattern I’m seeing.

- Ringmaster

- Of course, it’s also possible the Disians are fully aware of Null Sect’s duplicity and have been allowing them to access equally false information. I have been actively reviewing translated data from the project teams, and there seems to be an unusually high

It’s evident the Awakened Nations aren’t sitting idle. Each nation has taken significant steps to build shelters, both on Earth and beyond. This collective effort underscores their commitment to survival and their recognition of the gravity of the situation.
