---
id: LH-0155
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: \<<\<SYSOP 1 REMOVED 14.2 MB OF DATA>>>
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<\<SYSOP 1 REMOVED 14.2 MB OF DATA>>>**

- Because we’re at war, we need all hands, no matter how much you disagree or don’t get along. Now stick to the topic at hand.

- Glitch

- Guess they skipped the previous download of how the Yaks are distancing themselves from MCT, something about “not wanting to be collateral damage.”

- Det. Gumshoe

- Sounds like Goombah was right. They’re trying to prime some of their less important personnel for the Harvesters. We already know that Awakened individuals make the best molecular batteries, not to mention MCT are the kings of the supply trade on the meta trafficking front thanks to the Yaks.

- Knick Knack

- Can you say, “no proof of connection?” Thought so.

- Turner

- Drek, hombre, this is the hill you’re choosing to die on?

Something is happening, something bad. And I don’t know what to do. Everyone I talk to seems unaffected, like they simply can’t be bothered to notice. MCT pharmaceutical costs are now up over two thousand percent from this time last year. And I swear I feel like I have eyes on me all the time.

It’s not just the security drones in the complex, or the deckers routinely sifting through my deck and cyberspace. No, this feels like actual eyes, and it makes my hair stand on end.

I’ve also been submitted to multiple cyberware screenings. Fortunately, I’ve eluded them … for now.

- Goombah

- Seriously. Our world is about to legitimately end. Metas are being slaughtered by the thousands to hasten our demise,

- **How** ? How is Nico hiding her second datajack from MCT? I need to know!

- Mink
