---
id: LH-0332
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: buying chemicals in bulk
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## buying chemicals in bulk

The listed prices for buying toxins and drugs assume that a small quantity is being purchased. If a character has the right connections, buying chemicals in bulk (measured in liters instead of doses) could be a better option. Economy of scale applies to these black-market sales, as it does everything else. For the facilities that make these compounds, the costs are still a fraction of this lower price. It takes a well-connected individual to pull off these transactions—a street corner drug dealer can’t move such large volumes at discount.

For a single purchase of between forty and two hundred doses of a chemical, apply a 50 percent discount to the listed retail price and increase the availability by +2. If two hundred or more doses are bought at the same time, apply a 75 percent discount to the total and increase the availability by +3. When buying in bulk, however, most governments and law enforcement agencies or providers could become extremely interested in anyone caught with bulk amounts of illegal chemicals.

random mutations. After several well-publicized disasters caused by the indiscriminate use of FAB III, varieties of FAB have been mostly relegated to astral security systems using FAB I and II. It should, however, come as no surprise that research into (safely) weaponizing the various varieties of FAB has never stopped.

One “dose” of FAB is equal to one liter of solution. When used in recirculating security systems to create a barrier, this equates to 1 square meter of solution at 1 cm of depth, or one-half cubic meter (50 x 100 x 100 cm) of space when aerosolized— note that a one-time release from a vapor gun or aerosol grenade fills a much greater volume. Both applications may be reclaimed, recirculated, and kept alive indefinitely with the appropriate equipment. If not properly maintained, a FAB colony will die in one week

**==> picture [228 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                             |       |                  |
| --------------------------- | ----- | ---------------- |
| Fluorescing Astral Bacteria |       |                  |
| TYPE                        | AVAIL | COST (PER LITER) |
| FAB I                       | 5     | 50¥              |
| FAB II                      | 8(L)  | 250¥             |
| FAB III                     | 14(I) | 1,200¥           |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
