---
id: LH-0041
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Aztechnology: Losing the Faith?'
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology: Losing the Faith?

Once the staunchest of Disian allies and longtime collaborators, Aztechnology has recently become somewhat erratic regarding its operations and support around the Final Project.

On one hand is President Flavia de la Rosa, who has reportedly been a die-hard Disian supporter from the beginning. In recent weeks, de la Rosa has consistently pushed for continued and even increased levels of support for the Disian cause. With the loss of two board members, Oliver McClure and Domingo Chavez, de la Rosa has been able to push her agendas through with little to no opposition.

- Push? Steamroll is more accurate. Since the security lockdown months ago pursuant to their data vault breach, things have loosened up a bit and information has been trickling out. Seems the remaining board members have pretty much checked out, either metaphorically or literally. It’s not so much the board running things, as de la Rosa herself.

- Pyramid Watcher

- Meanwhile, others seem to be getting out while the getting is good. Ding Ramos has been notably absent from HQ of late, preferring to attend board meetings remotely, if at all. Rumors are circulating that he’s looking to offload his shares quickly (maybe even cheaply) and make a complete break from the corporation. This sounds like a man looking to pull the ejection handle, and soon. I think the only reason he hasn’t already is that he doesn’t want to meet the same fate as Chavez.

- Mr. Bonds

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- That, and his lack of presence makes it just that much easier for de la Rosa to do whatever the frag she wants.

- Corporate Raiders

As before, de la Rosa has been unwavering in her support for the Disian cause, as well as her attempts to further gain (or at least keep) their favor; even going so far as to ignore her most experienced advisors. There’s also creditable data that de la Rosa has been quietly silencing opposition within the corporation by handing any dissenters over to the Disians for use in Harvesters, or to be made into chimeras.

- And in what I am sure is simply a coincidence, recent prison numbers in Aztlan are at an all-time low, while the overall crime and conviction rates haven’t changed. It seems that death caused by sickness and “natural causes” has risen at an alarming rate. Or they seem to simply vanish just before making it to intake. I’m sure it’s just a clerical error of some kind.

approached de la Rosa with a proposed new weapon that could give the Disians a distinct advantage over the Defenders and help ensure the success of the Final Project. There is little data regarding this possible new weapon, but assets have already been tasked with investigating.

- You’ve got to be kidding. Aren’t we fragged enough already?

- X-Prime

- Standard rule of warfare, it can (and will) always get worse.

- Cayman

- That fits with some of the paydata my sources have been sending me. It seems Salazar is trying to play both sides within Aztechnology. He’s sucking up to de la Rosa like a good corporate stooge and using that as cover while continuing with his own agenda behind her back. And speaking of, what little I’ve heard indicates this new weapon really is going to be bad news for the Defenders.

- Corporate Raiders

- Marcos

- Weren’t you also saying something a few days ago about increased disappearances in Bogotá?

- Hard Exit

- Yeah. Metahuman trafficking rings in the area, and around the globe from what I’m hearing, have taken severe beatings over the past few weeks. I can’t imagine what was causing that … But anyway, either the trafficking is still going on and they’ve gotten slicker, or corps like Aztechnology are simply cutting out the middleman.

- Marcos

- Given how much time the Disians supposedly have left before they have to press the big red button, that’s not a good sign.

- **>** Brutis Ex Mechina
