---
id: LH-0022
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Divine Map
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Divine Map

Approximately two days ago, in a bit of an intelligence coup, we received a lucky break when a defector from Wuxing extracted themselves along with information regarding the Harvester Network. He then delivered himself and the information to Grey Cell agents. That information, known as the Divine Map, pinpointed the locations of every current Harvester that has been completed or is in various stages of construction. It also indicated locations where new Harvesters are to be constructed. This information, combined with our efforts in cracking Disian communication codes, has proven to be vital as Defender forces are now able to begin planning and coordinating initial strikes and move directly against the Harvesters.

Currently, there are three avenues of attack being conducted against the Harvester Network. The first involves directly attacking completed Harvesters or those nearing completion. Of the three avenues, this is the most dangerous. According to information verified by field operatives, MCT has been put in charge of security for all Harvester sites. Employing their infamous Zero-Zone methodolo-

- Done! I love it when people bite off more than they can chew.

- Kane

The third option is the one we’ve been employing since first learning about the Disians and the Harvesters. By targeting the metahuman trafficking rings that supply the Harvesters with their … components, we had hoped to starve the Disians of this resource and buy time as well as save countless innocent lives. While successful, in recent weeks, this method has been producing diminishing returns as fewer and fewer targets are available. This is good for potential victims; however, it also indicates that the Disians may already have enough metahumans to complete the Final Project.

- Time to start looking for warehouses and stash houses then.

- **>** Brutus Ex Mechina
