---
id: LH-0313
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Gabrielle Spinrad - Posted by: Skarn Ka'
page: 157
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Gabrielle Spinrad

## Posted by: Skarn Ka

It’s challenging for Gabrielle Spinrad to be taken seriously because, let’s face it, her environment is dominated by men. The media still picture her as a grieving widow, overwhelmed by the job she inherited from her late husband. But the truth is: she is an accomplished businesswoman with all the skills needed to lead a AAA-rated corporation.

- At first, I thought this sort of press was her idea, as a way to lure her enemies into a false sense of safety. It turns out she utterly hates this kind of coverage, and nothing seems to irk her more than being called a widow. If it doesn’t stop, I’ll wager she will soon hire runners to go express her disapproval to journalists in person.

- Sim-Eon

Gabrielle is a fifty-year-old human and the daughter of the Emir Jassim bin Joan Al Than. Instead of sitting back and enjoying her privilege, she chose to be involved in the Middle East’s corporate world. She pursued multiple curricula in finance, administration, and business in Dubai, and worked for her family’s corporations before the merger that produced Global Sandstorm. Yusuf Al-Shammar hired her as a favor to her father, but Gabrielle quickly proved her worth. She expanded the company’s activities in Africa, demonstrating her talent in industry logistics and risk management.

When you read about her arranged marriage to Johnny, one could think that Gabrielle had no say in it, but that’s far from the truth. She advised him through the merger and convinced Spinrad it was essential he convert to Islam. With him dead, she holds a staggering majority of the shares of Spinrad Global, nearing 75 percent. Unfortunately for her, there are plenty within Spinrad Global who have yet to recognize her leadership.

So, to consolidate her power, Gabrielle took more than Spinrad’s name. She turned the media’s focus on her, just like Johnny used to, and learned the delicate art of being a public figure. Her presence at the latest MET Gala and her attendance of the Grand Tour was as remarkable as her fiftieth birthday, where she assembled her supporters in a grandiose event at New Monaco, showing herself, as always, close to her adoptive daughter, Anya Spinrad.
