---
id: LH-0172
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Seizing Chances: The German Government'
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Seizing Chances: The German Government

Chancellor Annika Beloit of the Bavarian rightwing conservative party (CVP) has never denied she wants to strengthen the power of the German government against the individual interests of German states and weaken corporations as well.

To facilitate this, her government has, among other things, integrated the formerly independent disaster relief organization Technisches Hilfswerk (THW) into the Bundeswehr military to weaken the longstanding ban on the deployment of the German military within its borders.

The Week of Death and the following disasters were a golden opportunity for Beloit, and the deep state’s Loreley Group that supported her, to expand their operations and act. The creation of new airborne divisions with an exclusively urban combat focus gives a clear indication of who the Chancellor considers to be her enemies.

- Don’t expect attacks from the Dutch, Danish, Polish, or Austrian border regions. Operations against S-K (Beloit’s true enemy) or any weakened corporation wherever possible, are however, on the table.

- **>** Anne Archiste

- For those keeping score, a sizeable number of the neo-anarchist waves previously mentioned were rerouted (whenever possible) to nearby Grey Cell facilities in Eastern Europe, southern Scandinavia, and the Mediterranean. Formed into their own ad hoc groups, or in rare cases integrated with current cells, the results thus far have been mixed at best.

- Torrent

- A bunch of anti-authority types who chafe at any kind of command structure, go fragging figure! The best thing you can do is give them something to break and turn them loose.

- Old Crow

- Frag yeah! The Crow-man here also got a lot of us hooked up with this outfit called Black Star. I love these slags!

- Flash-Banger

\<<<Incoming Message>>>
