---
id: LH-0103
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The David Cartel
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The David Cartel

Many have noticed that several high-profile bunker-style houses and other properties are being swallowed up in the wake of many business dealings with Aurora Community Real Estate Services (ACRES). This is among the greatest spoofs in organized crime, and the orders have come from the very top. Aztechnology board member, Domingo Ramos, is the power behind these choices, with a sizable thirty-five percent or more of the purchases being made through his David cartel connections and businesses, and not through BigA’s considerable family of subsidiaries. It’s been noticed by individuals who make their livelihood following Ding that he hasn’t physically attended several Big-A board meetings since March of this year. That meeting was mostly about de la Rosa shouting down Salazar about the need for internal corporate security reviews.

Among those with whom the David cartel does business, including some financial clients, a few were given some of these properties as vacation homes to use at their discretion. But those invites are uncommon at best. Ramos has even given his ex-wife Sonia Maria Soto one of the locations, and word is she has brought quite a few of her inner circle there.

- It isn’t the properties he’s given to people that are important to me. It’s the ones he’s given over to corporate holdings. Some of those are oddly located and functionally different. Bunker-like, sure. But more traffic is coming through those properties than the surrounding neighborhoods. Those that have neighbors anyway. More than a dozen of these properties are extremely remote but are not where Ramos or the cartel bosses beneath him are spending time.

**>** Marcos

- Isn’t this the same guy who bought a permanent apartment at the Waypoint Resort?

- Traveler Jones

- I heard he’s been using it as leverage with someone else. Another still-breathing board member, perhaps?

- Plan 9

- Possibly. Magic resistance and counterspelling are common among many chimeras and prevent successful detection. When worked into a ward, however, they can be significantly stronger, which means only the strongest chimeras, or their Faustian or Disian masters, can readily overcome detection.

- Lei Kung

- I’ve learned that this service is giving the Naheka-rengo a much-needed uplift in reputation and favors owed to them. If we overcome this threat, their ability to negotiate into better positions around the Pacific will likewise improve.

- **>** Ma’Fan

- Not complaining about anyone’s work. But I’m seeing a distinct lack of paydata regarding some of the other big names in the criminal underworld: the Vory and the Triads specifically. Last I knew, they were both into heavy smuggling and were in neckdeep with pro-Disians to move metahumans almost straight into the Harvesters. What gives?

- Det. Gumshoe

- Well, funny thing, that. It seems that a lot of people who ended up joining Grey Cell, and later the Defender Movement, did so because they’d lost people to those specific activities. Made them really motivated to … solve that problem. Long story

WHEN DISCRETION ISN'Tshort, both of those organizations have taken a massive beating in regard to those specific endeavors. So much so that for the time being, both of them have pretty much disbanded their metahuman trafficking rings (at least for now) and gone back to more traditional goods.

**>** Osprey

- I can second that. The Vory tried to set up a major metahuman trafficking hub here in Motor City a few months back. Didn’t last long. Triads tried to swoop in, pick up where the Vory left off. They lasted even shorter. Warms my heart how an entire city, even one as fragged up as ours, can come together for the common good.

- Johnny Redline
