---
id: LH-0205
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Update: Fall of a Samurai - July 19, 2083 - 9.1 Mp restored'
page: 116
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update: Fall of a Samurai

## July 19, 2083

## *****9.1 Mp restored*****

… that will catch up later, but right now the Disians behind the scenes are using their collapsing megalith as a dying berserker.

Which brings me to my latest, and possibly my last job. Not just because it’s dangerous, but also because the pay is enough to set me up for life if I make it through. Because of that, I’m writing this before we head out rather than as an after-action report.

Here’s the gig and wish us luck.

TM has hired quite the collection of talents to accompany him (yep, the old man is going to battle on the front lines) in an assault on a Harvester. Those are the machines the Disians are using to strip our plane of mana. I could write a textbook with all the drek I’ve learned in the last few months. Maybe I’ll make it a memoir and a lesson for future generations. Not that anyone fragging learns, and who the hell am I to think I’m getting out of this above the dirt on the other side?

Back to the point. We’re hitting a Harvester, and these things are guarded better than a UV host.

Posted by: Sam-R-Eye \<07-09-83/1704:15>

I’ve just received word from a trusted source within Renraku that a large detachment of Red Samurai, led by Tai-sa Minoru Kenji himself, assaulted a Harvester in the northern sector of Luzon in the Philippines. According to reports, Renraku received actionable intelligence that the Luzon Harvester was also being used as a staging area for Mobile Harvester deployment as weapons against Neo-Tokyo, Kyoto, and Chiba. Additionally, the operation was reportedly being led by three Disians in their war forms. Tai-sa Minoru immediately organized and executed a preemptive strike, beginning with an aerial drop directly on the Harvester complex. Exact details of the battle are scarce, but I’ve learned that the Harvester was an incomplete shell, likewise with the Mobile Harvesters.

It was a trap designed to destroy as many Red Samurai as possible.

It’s also been confirmed that Tai-sa Minoru fell in battle while single-handedly engaging five destroyer chimeras. No Disians were found on-site, and the rest of the detachment has apparently gone rogue, refusing all recall orders to Okinawa or Chiba.
