---
id: LH-0059
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Tip of the Spear
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tip of the Spear

Since the beginning, hell, _before_ this war kicked off, Grey Cell has been on the front lines against the Disian threat, and they have the scars to prove it.

Before the Week of Death, it was Grey Cell that gathered most (if not all) of the information available on the Disians. Simultaneously, their strike teams were wrecking drek up. They were so effective that since the Week of Death (WOD), they’ve been specifically targeted by Disian jackboots and named as a terrorist organization.

At their peak, Grey Cell had thousands of intelligence cells worldwide and over a division’s worth of hardened combat specialists with full support assets. Now, thanks to their insane operational tempo, the lethality of their assigned missions, and



being constantly targeted by Disian forces, Grey Cell has lost approximately forty percent of their cells and are down to maybe just over a brigade worth of combat troops.

And yet, they’re still out there; their losses made them even more determined.

Even with new allies and reinforcements through Project Nemesis, Grey Cell shows no sign of slowing because they—we—don’t have the luxury.

- Normally, I’d say this is hoop kissing. But I’ll give credit where it’s due. Grey Cell lives up to the hype, and through it all, they’ve kept going no matter how bad they’re hit. The fact they’ve saved my hoop once or twice has nothing to do with it.

- Haze

- Those who earned and carry the Grey Cell dragon’s eye challenge coin are shown a lot of respect. And woe to anyone who steals a coin or falsely fronts; it’s a great way to get your face bashed in.

- Bangswitch
