---
id: LH-0244
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: <unknown sound detected>
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <unknown sound detected>

“The chimera. Oh, Ghost … child. Please let him already be dead.

\<audio distortion, * 14.2 seconds \*>

**Izzy:** … getting hard to make out what’s going on, vision is telescoping. So much debris … dirt … blood. Real fog of war. I hurt. Hard … awake. Just a bit more ... just a bit more. Something coming out of smoke. It’s … cyberzombie. It’s wrecked, parts falling off. It sees me. Don’t see me as a threat … don’t see me as a threat. Oh, gods, it’s coming this way. It’s moving weird. What’s going on? What kind of tech they use? Nanomachines? I think … styptic drugs? It’s not enough, it’s dying. So am I.

- 11.0 second pause \*

**Izzy:** Its legs gave out. Another … meter … reached me. Little mercies. Wha? Lifting its head. Looking at … me? Wha? Tears? The hell are youuuuu …

**Voice #4:** <heavily distorted> Momma? Help me …

/End transcript/

- That park looks familiar. There’s a brief shot of a warehouse I’ve done a dead drop at. Could be Puyallup?

- Traveler Jones

- This is disturbing on so many levels.

- Red

- The inhumanity of the human race.

  - Maybe. Let me cross check that with some surveillance and mapsofts.

  - Hannibelle

- Old Crow

  - I’ve got aerial shots of the city.

- What’s the big deal? Sounds like a souped-up gang war. I’ve seen hundreds of those.

- Magnum Eagle

- Shut up, kid. The grownups are talking.

- Clockwork

- Orbital DK

- Chimera’s reaction is eerily familiar. Seen it with rabid dualnatured paracritters when they get close to me. Personal experience with the spell fizzle too. But the chimeras don’t seem rabid. From what I see, what I feel, they’re shock troops



attacking a swarming vanguard. Gods, those poor beasties, what did they do to them? I’ve got a feeling that folks with unique traits and abilities will be in high demand, with a high risk of death and dismemberment.

- Rainbowsmite

- You’re gonna have to scrutinize your future job offerings, Rainbow. Speaking of which. Have there been any calls for “odd” jobs? Or odd requirements attached to said jobs?

- Red

- I’ve been getting calls for “biowaste disposal” and mocking up bodies for normal people. Mostly in Seattle. Simple jobs but the turnaround is harsh. Been raking in the nuyen. Haven’t dealt with strange biological or technological amalgamations, though. I did get a job offer to assist with a cleanup somewhere in the SalishShide. Can’t remember the exact place, though. Rainbow was part of the job as protection. I’m going to have to do more research.

- Yeah, I’m sure the dead are grateful.

- Borderline

- I get what you’re saying, but also … get over yourself. This is war, people die. Some deserve to, most don’t. And a lot more innocents are going to die before it’s over. All we can do is keep that number as low as possible by winning it ASAP.

- **>** Scattershot
