---
id: LH-0141
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY THREE \<02-20-82/1012:38>
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY THREE \<02-20-82/1012:38>**

Well, it’s official: I’m now a true employee at MCT! I just hit my required hours today, 1040 hours in four months. From now on, I have one day off a week, and a week of vacation every year! It will go up to two weeks after seven years of loyal service. I’ve made it. This is my life now, and I couldn’t be more excited. I have brought much honor to my family, especially my father. All his trials and tribulations were worth it.

But … now that I’m an official employee, it’s required I receive a company datajack. I’ve never had cyberware before, and, well, my family is against such intrusive measures. But it’s the 2080s—they’ve perfected this stuff now, right? What could go wrong? And it’s such a little thing, barely noticeable at all. They can go almost anywhere. I could put it behind my ear and no one would notice. Besides, they’re kind of stylish—so much can be done with them. My overseer, Hamita-san (a ridiculously attractive elf), said it’ll up my productivity by over 700 percent!

I really want to be the best MCT employee I can be, but I’ll admit to being skeptical. I’ve never wanted cyberware, and I know it’s permanent … not the cyberware, that can be replaced. But what would it do to … me, or as what my father would call it: my soul?

But it’s just a small piece. Nothing major. Nothing truly intrusive. And it’s not like I can say no, right? I mean, everyone here in MCT has one. It’s required. So why does this feel … off?

- And here we see where it begins, where the company makes its first demand. The previous journal entries might make the corp seem innocuous: scouting college for prospects, volunteer services, charity events. But this is the Big Ask of the corp. And once she says yes (and she will) it becomes harder for her to say no. And they will take and take until she’s nothing but a slave with a pittance wage devoting her life to someone else’s success.

- Sim-Eon

- It brings to mind an old adage. If you give them the power to feed you, you also give them the power to starve you.

- **>** Fianchetto

**>** That’s deep, Fianchetto.

- Sim-Eon

**>** About six feet deep to be precise.

**>** Fianchetto

**>** Overreacting much? It’s a damn datajack. It’s legal for children to get them now. Sure, the Matrix is crazy regulated, but the means to access it isn’t. There’s a group of wannabe deckers in my apartment complex that can’t be older than nine or ten and they all have datajacks. They pass this ancient Radio Shack PCD-500 between them that they fished out of a dumpster behind a Stuffer Shack. Datajacks are as common as tattoos and piercings. Drek, street docs give them away free with any purchase of a smartlink or rangefinder.

**>** Dutch-Boi

**>** You’re not wrong Dutch-Boi, but context is important. Nico-san didn’t want cyberware. Her family has a tradition and code that values no modifications, much like adepts and magicians. So already we see her values are being manipulated by MCT. To keep the job that brought honor to her family and made her father’s sacrifice worthwhile, she must go against the tenets of her upbringing. She must dishonor her family tradition and personal bodily autonomy to maintain honor, at face value—or it’s likely she’ll never work for a corporation again. It is completely hypocritical but 100 percent on point for the corporate world. I’m all for rebels and denigrating defunct systems, be they values, outdated ethics, and so on. But the key here is that she’s being passively forced into a surgical procedure that will forever alter her, body and soul. It is subtle to be sure, but insidious and all too common nowadays.

- Hangfire


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!
