---
id: LH-0020
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Current Sit-Rep
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Sit-Rep

Posted by: Point Guard (Updated \<03-14-83/1249:02>)

Over the past few months since the initiation of Project Nemesis, we’ve seen some of the bloodiest fighting to date … with relatively few gains to show for it.

Following the Week of Death, both sides initiated an escalation of hostilities that evolved into what most are calling a true shadow war. Because unlike that operation, these engagements were kept as far from the general public view as possible; however, with any fighting of this scale, witnesses will always be inevitable. When necessary, media spin-doctors were quick to rearrange facts and reconfigure images to fit an overall narrative that still leaned heavily into the previously established terrorist activity narrative. But their main

overall objective was still information suppression and manipulation.

The difference from previous engagements was the level of command and coordination utilized by the Defenders. This unified front allowed for better planning and execution of operations in order to achieve vital objectives. Still, actually accomplishing these objectives has proven easier said than done.

- Okay, so we have Horizon on our side, arguably the strongest media presence on the planet. Why don’t they just try and expose the Disians, get the world on our side and really take it to the fraggers responsible and stop all this?

- Treadle

- Because we have a society where cognitive dissonance, blind loyalty, and apathy are so common and ingrained that, depending on how and who presents information, said information will be automatically believed or discredited. And nothing will convince people otherwise regardless of the validity and factualness of said information, or vice versa. At this point, trying to reveal the Disian plot will only cause more chaos, polarize people, further spread disinformation, and create social gridlock that favors the Disians. Did people not learn anything from Buttercup’s little press conference?

- Sunshine

- Yeah, we got more on that, by the way. WOW.

- Slamm-0!

- That was chaos, but with a point.

- Dr. Spin
