---
id: LH-0012
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Primary Target: Harvester Networks'
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Primary Target: Harvester Networks

We’re not sure how the Disians accomplished it on other metaplanes, but here they’ve enthralled enough people to create special mana-collecting devices for them. Known as Harvesters, these massive structures are designed to siphon our mana, channel it back to their home metaplane, and leave our world a dead husk. When constructed over lines of power (a.k.a. ley lines) as part of a global, interconnected network, the Harvesters can effectively strip a manasphere in a matter of hours if necessary. Or they can be used to simply destroy it. From what we’ve been able to learn, a standard harvesting is done over years, if not decades, which coincides with what we know about Disian methodology.

If that wasn’t bad enough, one of the most disturbing aspects of a Harvester’s operation are metahumans. One of the key components of what makes these things work are living people who are sacrificed (in the most horrific way possible) when the Harvesters activate and synchronize (also called “harmonized” by the Disians) to the local manasphere.

- Before we knew what was going on, I was hired to help ritually track down an Awakened child who’d gone missing. I had the misfortune to find them just as they were being used to “test” these systems (I later learned). I … I can’t fully describe what that looked like from the astral. It was as if their very being was being torn apart, molecule by molecule, in the most gruesome and painful manner possible—ripped apart until there was nothing left except the echoing of their screams. Oh, Goddess, the screams. I have to drug myself to keep from hearing those screams when I sleep.

- Lady Greenfire

- Even though this only became evident in hindsight over the past decade, metahuman trafficking rates steadily rose and peaked about two years ago before plateauing. But since most of the victims were SINless, nobody really gave a frag.
