---
id: LH-0401
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Spinrad Global: Last man standing? - Posted by: Skarn Ka'
page: 187
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Spinrad Global: Last man standing?

## Posted by: Skarn Ka

Another megacorporation coming out of the Dis crisis better than they were before (even if only slightly), is Spinrad Global. Paradoxically, the one that has spent most of the game on the bench and

didn’t score a point. Instead, they used their key players during the last minutes of the match to rig the rest of the competition and score big wins in the following rounds. Johnny may be long gone, but the megacorporation carrying his name has never been closer to one of his private dreams: rising above his nemesis, Saeder-Krupp, on the corporate ladder.

- Something else I didn’t hear a lot about until recently, which speaks highly to their ability to operate under the radar, is that 10,000 Daggers (backed by Spinrad Global) launched a series of strikes against previously unknown Disian targets within the Caliphate, as well as other locations throughout the Middle East. At least two Harvesters were destroyed, and several Disianallied individuals targeting Defenders were taken off the board with extreme prejudice. Granted these were also a direct threat to SG interests, but hey, every little bit counted.

- Colonel Cobra

At the same time, when the dust settles, Spinrad Global might be a very different beast than the one Johnny planned to create. In fact, it might not even be headquartered in New Monaco. Indeed, Gabrielle has been personally overseeing a lot of land grabs through subsidiaries (and helped by a few runs) around Lisbon during the summer. It remains a rumor at this point, but I suspect that in the following few months, SG will announce they are building a cutting-edge HQ, one to fit their status of “one of the premier AAAs of the planet.” A new city for a new era, making it clear again that Spinrad is slowly becoming something more than just a name and mark of history.
