---
id: LH-0138
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: What fools we be.
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What fools we be.

How simple, how quaint our lives, that our minds will alter the precepts of reality, ignoring empirical evidence in place of idyllic illusion so we might be unburdened from such troublesome conundrums like perception or attention to detail. Such is the way of the wageslave, willfully dismissing the realities of their oppressor megacorporation, so they may subsume the mirage that their lives are “fine,” that things are normal in this abnormal Sixth World.

But what happens when the shackles of deceit are shattered? What occurs when their neon dreams conflagrate and the smoke billows away, when they are forced to face reality head on—straight in their cybereyes—and all obfuscation is gone?

Most are quietly excised from the corp. Like a cyst, they’re drained, usually “transferred” quietly and never heard from again. Families are reimbursed for the troubled relocation of their loved one, and they’re told to move on with their lives.

But what lives are left to be had in the possibility of extinction? The Disian threat is real, and themegacorps in league with the Disians have become a monument to their evil.

Yet sometimes, something may come of ignorance. For whom are the ignorant, if not the unlearned? I hesitate to say uneducated, for it’s in the type of education where deception first germinates. Learning takes many forms, but it’s the wisdom unlocked through self-discovery that garners the most erudite of minds.

I, like many of my shadowrunner brethren, often don’t take a second glance at those who’ve drunk the soykaf of corporate life and embraced the lie. But sometimes we need to see the bigger picture as well. What are the lies they are being grassfed? What corporate magic strengthens the

phosphorescence of their _ignis fatuus_ that forever leads them to follow the Fool’s Lantern?

Through the ashes of the tragedy of the Skyhook, a potential phoenix may rise. A digital journal recently acquired in a paydata packet gives keen insight into how a megacorp like Mitsuhama Computer Technologies keeps their workforce as docile as lambs, and how they keep that blindfold tightly fastened around their eyes.

One young wageslave’s eyes are opened, and the wool pulled from her ears. This is a firsthand account, chummers—witness as the illusion of security fractures and crumbles down around her.

This is the story of Nico Suzume.
