---
id: LH-0374
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Day the Magic Died
page: 174
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Day the Magic Died

Posted by: eX-Professor \<08-17-83/1445:54>

We weren’t ready for what happened after the Disians’ defeat. No sooner had the Defenders lived up to their name and saved all our hoops than the very thing we fought, bled, and died for disappeared on us.

On July 22, the world collectively saw the raw, beautiful, and terrifying power of magic, as the Disians tried to get what they could out of us and cranked the Harvester Network into full power. Now, I only know about my little corner of the world, and we took care of business in our area. But not everyone was as lucky; a great number of Harvesters worldwide went active and started pulling mana from the material plane. The world watched as a surge of mana like a tidal wave rushed southward. In the skies we saw colors change while lightning without any sound streaked across the horizons. And then, for a time, everything went dark. Not literally dark; the only way I can describe it was everything started fade, like when you’re about to pass out. But it was happening to the whole world.

**>** Not going to lie, I thought that was the end and that we failed. The group I’d been fighting with for the last several months,

THEsome of the hardest motherfraggers I’ve ever met, broke down and cried, while others dropped their weapons and gear before falling to their knees and began praying to whatever deities they believed in to forgive us for our failure. Others simply joined hands, determined to meet our fate together. **>** Bangswitch

- Every single animal in my pack and those at my refuge started howling at the exact same time. Never seen anything like that before.

- Moreau

- Few chummers of mine … they’d decided they were going to go out their way. I … I wish I was faster, could have stopped them … That’s going to haunt me for the rest of my days.

- Brutus Ex-Mechina

- Similar scenes played out across the world among the Defender ranks and those in the know.

- Old Crow

Then something _else_ happened. I’ve heard the stories, even talked to some people who were part of _Cold Fury_ . But even then, no one, even those who were there, remembered the same story. Regardless, that’s where the wave ended up—then something happened, and the mana that had been ripped from the Earth found its way _back._ The best way to describe it is some sort of magical transfusion, I guess.

And Ghost damn us all if it didn’t work! Like a shot of adrenaline or a shock to the heart, the world came back, and we rejoiced. But any good doctor will tell you that sometimes there are unforeseen side effects (or consequences) to any procedure, even if it saves your life.
