---
id: LH-0044
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Updated information, New Threat: Disian Mobile Harvesters - \<04-12-83/1431:02>'
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Updated information, New Threat: Disian Mobile Harvesters

## \<04-12-83/1431:02>

Recently acquired information from Task Force 313 has confirmed the existence of Aztechnology-produced Mobile Harvesters. Based on a design used by Ares Macrotechnology known simply as “the Device,” this new system comprises a command vehicle/energy transmitter, a Harvesting module, and a “power supply and harmonizing” module that utilizes fifty trapped metahumans in modified Valkyrie Modules. Mobile Harvesters are transported via special oversized, custom semi-trailers and deployed from modified twenty-five-meter-long trailers that can fold out into small platforms.

The data indicates that at full power, Mobile Harvesters have approximately one-fifth the capability and range of their larger counterparts. While not as powerful as the standard Harvester, data indicates they are twice as toxic and disruptive to the local manasphere since they rely more on brute force to get the job done. According to a technician’s notes, “the normal Harvester operates with a certain level of precision to preserve the harvested mana. Mobile Harvesters are meant to rip and send mana as quickly as possible, resulting in a harvest that would be usable, but only barely so.”

What makes Mobile Harvesters dangerous is their mobility. Despite their size and weight, when in transport mode, Mobile Harvesters can traverse all but the most extreme or hazardous terrains on their own, and they can be easily transported by heavy-lift aircraft or cargo ships. This means that, if necessary, Disian forces can set up a completely new Network near any ley line on short notice, supplement any neutralized Harvesters … or simply destroy a local manasphere like a dirty bomb.

Mobile Harvesters do have one weakness, however: they don’t have the same security fail-safes as the standard Harvester. This means that once they’re detected, they can be taken out by conventional means or shut down safely once activated.

The main obstacle, however, is still locating them in the first place.

- That sounds extremely terrifying.

- Electric Blue

- Yes, the worst of both worlds, at least for us. Thankfully, that one seems to only be a rumor.

- eX-Professor

- Are you sure about that, prof? Every day it seems I’m running into some kind of new freakiness out here with all sorts of wayout-there abilities. Are you sure we haven’t missed anything?

- **>** Bangswitch

- Given how things are going, we may not know the full extent of what happened and what was out there until it’s all over. If we survive, that is.

- Glitch

- Well, at least there is some good news. Guess it’s open season on these things. IF we can find them, that is.

- Osprey

- Affirmative. Locating and eliminating Mobile Harvesters has become a top priority, and multiple task forces have been assembled and mobilized to do just that.

- Point Guard

- That sounds great. But ah, doesn’t that mean we have less people to hit the actual Harvesters with?

- Knuckleduster

- One crisis at a time.

- Rifleman


Posted by: Ire \<04-15-83/1239:59>
