---
id: LH-0025
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Where the Frag are the Dragons?! - Posted by: Flash-Banger'
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Where the Frag are the Dragons?!

## Posted by: Flash-Banger

Growing up, I would constantly hear how powerful these flying lizards are. I was one of those kids who watched Dunkelzahn, believed in everything he said. And when he died, I was gutted. And as I grew up, I watched how the world around me turned into drek while the dragons did nada. I get it and I’m not naïve, not anymore. Dragons are gonna do what dragons gonna do, and I realized they don’t actually owe us anything. But at least Arleesh did something, forming Grey Cell and apparently fragging herself up to save us, while Celedyr is working on cracking the Disian code. So they get a pass. But you’d think that with the very world at stake the rest would get off their scaly hoops and actually do something! All that power at their disposal, they could fry every Harvester on the planet. But no! It’s us, the so-called “lesser” beings who are doing the fighting and dying to try and save this worthless ball of mud. Where the frag are you?!

- We are not as far away and blind as you think. We are simply preparing for the appointed time to do our part.

- **>** Gold Master

- I just removed over 250 megapulses of data of reactions, stupid questions, accusations, and inane comments. My jaw dropped too, and I also have drek-ton of questions, but time and place people.

- Glitch

- Just a quick addendum, but the voices of all the greats recently met at S-K’s Seattle regional office.

- Wyrm-Watcher
