---
id: LH-0379
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: In Response To
page: 178
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## In Response To

During those first few days, no one knew how widespread the effect was. Suddenly, large swaths ofcorporate assets (read: Awakened employees) was suddenly rendered worthless. The exact response to the Un-Awakening varied by corporation, and for the most part have been kept quiet. There are rumors that some magicians and adepts were unceremoniously and suspiciously retired, while others were kept on as basically lab rats as the white coats tried to figure out what the frag happened.

But regardless, all the corps saw opportunity in the situation and seized it. Those in the shadows who weren’t reliant on magic made a killing, as every ward, watcher spirit, and protective spell were simultaneously stripped from every vault, R&D host, and office. Even more frightening for the executives was they knew they didn’t have any of those things protecting their homes and bodies now. The higher-ups were largely untouched due to other measures, but a lot of middle management went missing from various companies. Frag, we may never truly know the extent of who was on that butcher’s bill.

Several divisions along the CAS-Aztlan border went on full alert, and for the next ten days had a good, old-fashioned Mexican (not _Aztlan_ because frag them) Standoff. Some UCAS military units stationed around the dead city of Bismark reportedly responded to “movement by massing NAN forces.” Of course, NAN sources denied any such movement, but whatever. I’m sure some of the more covert, special forces-type units kept busy, but that’s out of my wheelhouse.

- A few hawks in North America initiated various response protocols, but thankfully cooler heads prevailed, and it became a you-watching-me-watching-you type of deal. The situation around the world was pretty much the same. A few governments did some probing or recon-by-force operations, but some weren’t convinced that this no-magic thing was real and were afraid it was part of some elaborate trap. So yeah, there were a lot of hush-hush operations with smaller forces, but the details of most of them are currently unknown.

- Colonel Cobra

- Considering what we’d all just gone through and pulled through, it was a slap in the face for most in the shadows. Even those who had been fighting together just days before were suddenly nothing more than a quick payday.

- Cool Hand Duke

I will say that the Un-Awakening hit the shadows the hardest. Those of us in the biz didn’t have the support structures in place as, say corporate, or even government magicians or adepts. We were pretty much on or own, forced to protect ourselves by whatever means we had at our disposal. Some of us thankfully had associates to watch our backs, while others were smart enough to invest in learning appropriate skills to defend themselves with—or at least had safehouses to take shelter in.

Still, there are a lot of grudges in the shadows. A lot of magicians and adepts suddenly went missing and still haven’t been heard from since.

- A lot of people who worked for the Disians also used the opportunity to try and cover up their involvement by going after anyone who could link them to pro-Disian factions. I get that biz is biz, but this shadow war is going to leave a lot of scars and bad blood for a long time to come.

- DangerSensei

Governments were also at a loss on how to respond, likely in part because of the efforts of _Seraphim_ and _Data Bomber_ . But for the most part, no one was stupid enough to launch a full-out assault or large-scale invasion and focused more on shoring up borders along with search, rescue, and recovery operations. Now, that didn’t mean that someone didn’t have the bright idea to try something, but it never materialized.

- I’m hearing rumors that Cal Free pushed into the disputed territory hoping to catch the Tir military off balance. Reports are still sketchy, but it seems they may have actually cut the disputed territory at least in half, if not pushed them completely out. Keep an eye on that area, I have a feeling it’s about to get hot again

- **>** Scattershot
