---
id: LH-0215
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Trafficking
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trafficking

Posted by: Krasnyy Volk

Financial elements are another arena of battle against the Disians and their allies in Irkutsk. The Vory possess strong roots in smuggling; not only resources but metahumans as well. Radimir Solovyov is a colonel in the Russian army _and_ the tsar of the Baykalin Vory. He’s commanded regional units for over a decade now and has succeeded in maintaining an armored and airborne presence from Novosibirsk to Khabarovsk, giving him a long reach. He’s almost certainly entirely enamored with the Dis agenda (or dominated by it). Rising wouldbe tsars are beginning to bite at Solovyov’s heels, however, as the cost of doing business in Baikal has skyrocketed and negotiations among the smuggling community have become prohibitively expensive.

Radimir is old guard, neither ignorant of nor fully understanding the scope of modern business. I have introduced elements to further reduce his efficacy and will continue to do so as long as he and his allies continue to pursue a Disian agenda. If his financial backing can be further reduced, his ability to keep the military invested will quickly diminish. Therefore, it is a priority.

Radimir’s most worrisome habit is metahuman trafficking. He’s already responsible for overseeing the flesh trade for most of eastern Russia. More than a few accusations also claim he serves as one of Tamanous’ pipelines.

- For the new people, Tamanous supplies goods to ghoul communities. Many of those communities suffer as their suppliers report less and less contraband available for their consumption. I know it’s a dark subject to most, but hungry ghouls are dangerous and at higher risk of becoming feral.

- Hannibelle

- I can confirm. Three ghoul communities that have sanctuary in Yakut are empty. There’s no trace of the residents, and tracking a ghoul is usually easy for us. My pack and I are working on finding them, but we fear the ghouls may also be on a Disian capture-and-contain list for their Harvesters.

- Switch


force was lost. Their disposition and current location are unknown.
