---
id: LH-0413
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Cal Free: The LA Riptide - Posted by: J-Cruz'
page: 190
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cal Free: The LA Riptide

## Posted by: J-Cruz

- While not part of the war, events in LA post-war and UnAwakening have changed the landscape regarding the Deep Lacuna. So much so, I felt it necessary to give it some bandwidth.

- Glitch

So, I’m not dead, but for the last few weeks, I’ve had my doubts. I realize that the world has changed.

The City of Angels has reclaimed a lot of land since the massive earthquakes, known as the Twins, changed LA in 2069. An extensive network of underground passages linked to sinkholes throughout the metropolitan area were discovered when they flooded because of a phenomenon known as _astral lensing._ This also allowed significant land areas to stay submerged beneath tens of meters of seawater long after it should have receded.

**Astral lensing** (noun) is the bending or distortion of an area of physical nature due to a permeating non-parallel astral environment. See gravitational lensing.

- Aetherpedia, 2078 edition

When the manasphere faded, the effect of that lensing and its pull on the seawater ceased. This, in turn, triggered tens of billions of liters of seawater to react to gravity normally.

It was like a tsunami in reverse. Walls of debris-filled seawater began returning to the Pacific coast, gaining significant speed and carrying tremendous amounts of kinetic force. The largest seawalls around the more significant enclaves protected the properties within them, though several more were less prepared and suffered erosive damage to the sediment and layers of earth around and beneath them.

After what happened, a theory was put forward: LA and much of the southern California coast were subjected to a displacement alchera. This, combined with the Fall of the San Pedro tectonic plate, was behind much of the elevation loss that affected Los Angeles. Among the proposedwording of those theories, should the alchera ever somehow reverse, significant portions of LA would claw back much of that lost elevation. That has proven only partly correct. The hundreds of kilometers of caverns that were, and are again, the Deep Lacuna did close. They simply appeared to have filled back in for much of their length. The entrances and massive sinkholes that formed in 2069 remained, but their depths filled in.

The death tolls were mitigated because of the changes that both Horizon and the Pueblo Corporation Council implemented after the Twins. The numbers are still being gathered, but even the worst estimates are still well below the one hundred thousand lost in the wake of the Fall and tsunami of 2069. Emergency aid was available within the first day instead of taking days just to see the first helicopters and boats trying to surveil the damage.

- No one will say it openly, but because so many corporate and government bodies were already at high alert levels, switching from a combat readiness state to a relief provision state was not as difficult. Even Aztlan’s naval resources from further south in the San Diego and Tijuana enclaves lent willing hands to those places along the coastlines between the two nations.

- Sounder
