---
id: LH-0193
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: \<<<Incoming Message>>> - decryption enabled/ID authenticated/ \<05-18-83/1313:31>
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## \<<<Incoming Message>>>

## **decryption enabled/ID authenticated/ \<05-18-83/1313:31>**

**To:** Torrent, Big Top Actual

**From:** TF-313 Actual

- Funny story about that. Recently, a squad of Red Samurai miraculously survived an op against a Harvester being built in La Réunion, a French island on the East side of the Indian Ocean. Normally, the Reds didn’t bother with Harvesters, but they had info saying that the place was guarded by several nasty destroyer chimeras. That they were interested in. And of course, the op went south. Reports I came across indicated that the squad had expected to die because they were outnumbered at least five-to-one. Somehow, they prevailed, but no one knew exactly how. Later, a Shinto priest examined their auras and detected traces of blood magic (although they deny it). Of course, it’s not enough to prove Dassault involvement, but the fact is the squad was taken to a French base only a few clicks away. And, at the time of the Renraku op, locals sighted a pair of VTOLs departing as well.

**Re:** Field Report, Mobile Harvesters in Sector

- ***REDACTED***

MH Gamma-28 located; however, unit was self-destructed before we got within five kilometers. I don’t know if this is part of a new security doctrine or an unknown objective. Damage to manasphere is severe. We must develop better methods of tracking MH targets; current methods are too slow and give the enemy time to react.

- Sam-R-Eye
