---
id: LH-0408
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Current Status
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Status

Post-war OmniStar is faring well, though Manadyne suffered the same stigma as all the other arcane corps after the Un-Awakening. They’ve started researching the lasting effects and have the extra resources to dig into data they retrieved from MCT’s selloffs. Metaplanar exploration and study wasn’t high on Manadyne’s priority list until this post-war era, which gave them access to data on other planes that dealt with the Disians and the troubles they brought. Since the Disians were so entrenched within MCT, Manadyne is using a “verify before you trust” philosophy with the reports and studies they picked up. Expendable but trusted assets are being hired constantly and paid solidly for success.

- Even with their efforts to avoid pulling in potentially tainted personnel, OmniStar is still a target for former Disian agents. While other corps played their hands quietly, OmniStar wasn’t shy about their activities once they entered the fray. They also lack that scary third A, and seem like a better target for these disgruntled, misguided souls.

- Balladeer

- 2XL

- Still good to see collaboration. I personally see OmniStar not grabbing a top-notch intelligence organization as a huge blunder.

- Icarus

- There were a lot of behind-the-scenes reasons for that. I’m also not sure why you don’t count Lone Star’s internal intelligence division. It’s not Aegis, but it’s got global reach and connections.

- **>** Stone

OmniStar quietly gained a reputation in the shadows as a corp on _our_ side. Lone Star still arrested Defenders if they went too far. Getting snagged by Lone Star usually resulted in a burned SIN, though offenders were released on their own recognizance as long as they didn’t make too many waves or cause too much collateral damage.

DocWagon bypassed paying clients to snatch up wounded runners and offered on-the-spot shortterm contracts as well. They marketed it as a way to pay for emergency medical access on a case-by-case basis rather than “insurance,” but most folks knew the clientele who were buying in were runners.

Then you had Manadyne, which put serious nuyen into anti-Disian arcana and then _somehow_ found all their research dumped onto shadow nodes across the globe, conveniently translated
