---
id: LH-0275
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Update Eight: No One Left Behind'
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update Eight: No One Left Behind

\<07-21-83/1941:37>

Oh, frag, that hurt. Never felt a spell like that before.

The situation in the portal chamber is pure chaos, I can’t even take in everything that’s going on.

Six Disians in their war forms backed up by scores of chimeras smashed through one of our

lines and made it into the far side of the chamber. And as cliché as this phrase has become, all hell broke loose … again.

Concentrated small-arms fire managed to briefly blunt the charging chimeras, but the Disians let loose with some kind of stun spell, knocking half of the strike force present, me included, for a loop, with at least a quarter of us still down. Guess I’m tougher than I look, and Dash only looks slotted-off.

From there, the situation quickly devolved into something I can only describe as medieval. Right now, the small arms fire has stopped for the most part or is used sparingly as we’re also running low on ammo, and the fighting has moved into almost a pure melee. Defender troops, and even the combat drones, are slugging it out with all sorts of crazy weapons supplied by our friends from Evo.

We were almost overrun, but thank Ghost, and I can’t believe I’m saying this, we had a small team of cyberzombies on hand, with more quickly showing up, with their innate nature or whatever fragging with Disian magic. The zombies are currently holding, but _their_ numbers are dwindling to chimera numbers.

And with the walls and floor becoming extremely bright, it looks like more charges are being set near the portal itself. Wait …

Frag! A crab raptor-looking war form and some destroyer chimeras just burst from the melee and charged Colonel Cabrera’s position! Two are down … drek! The Disian just grabbed the colonel by her torso and is crushing her! But she’s unloading her weapon into its face! Dash, light it up!
