---
id: LH-0156
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: log it! journaling utility from mCt! - JOURNAL ENTRY SIXTEEN \<05-14-83/0951:41>
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **log it!** journaling utility from mCt!

## **JOURNAL ENTRY SIXTEEN \<05-14-83/0951:41>**

It’s finally happened. My worlds are colliding. Shadowrunners have penetrated into MCT Seattle, and into my division specifically. ShadowSea had nothing on it, but as I’ve learned, it only makes up a very small fraction of shadowrunners.

People were killed, people I knew, people I called family a year ago. Oddly though, I find myself apathetic, as if I knew this was going to happen. It’s like I knew the moment Ronin-Belle was born that this day would come.

Three members of the Entertainment Division were gunned down in cold blood—none of them were Greigh-san, unfortunately. That would’ve been a mercy. Worse still, my cubicle, and my VPN, were specifically used to upload propaganda into the mainframe. Where they got it, I couldn’t say. But if I had to guess, it was from the street doc I used to feed intel to. Betraying piece of drek.

They uploaded a data-packet that was going to parse anti-Disian propaganda onto our next media splurge within MCT. More proof that the Disians are real. I think my lack of surprise at seeing the name, “Grey Cell,” is what gave me away. Should

I have been more confused? Surprised? I’ve become inundated with such words in ShadowSea and wasn’t as clueless as the rest of my surviving team.

Perhaps I should’ve been more attentive to my feng shui? I have created too much imbalance—too much darkness, not enough light. I am now being fully investigated as some kind of possible mole. They’ll be going through my apartment soon, tracking my movements. They won’t find the deck, though. I’ve made assurances for that. But it’s only a matter of time before they want to do a full-body physical on me, instead of a scan. When they do … they’ll find the datajack. What will happen to me then?

Two years ago, I would’ve never believed this was possible within my beloved MCT—my family. Now I’m wondering how much time I have left, and how much this will dishonor my family … my real family.

**>** Hard lesson.

**>** Spume

**>** We’ll see if she lasts long enough to learn anything.

**>** Fianchetto


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!
