---
id: LH-0008
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Welcome Back (Again) to the War Room
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Welcome Back (Again) to the War Room

\<version 5.0>

- **<Sticky>** If you’ve been granted access to this node, you’ve already been heavily vetted. Normally I’d talk about things like not fragging this network over, maintaining operational security, watching your language, whatever. Also, this is the fifth version of this node after repelling four previous cyberattacks; we’re only letting those in who we absolutely trust. And gratitude to the Asgard Data Haven; without your assistance, we would’ve lost 80 percent of our data. Although, it may not matter as things aren’t going well for our side. But I’ve never been one to quit. So long as we’re breathing and have signal, we’ll keep JackPoint running—if for no other reason than to be a pain in our enemy’s hoops. In the meantime, here are some updates forthose of us who’ve been here a while, and a chance for those just joining us to get some idea of what’s going on.

- Glitch \<11-08-82/1339:02>

  - No, at least not this time. Horizon is one of the megacorps actively working against the Disians. For now, that puts them on the side of the angels.

  - Icarus

- We’ve also enabled timestamps for certain posts. With everything going on all at once, it’s been difficult to keep things in order. So we’re doing it old-school and putting data out there as soon as it comes in, raw and unfiltered. Keep that in mind, because some have tried (and failed) to spread false data or acted on incomplete information and paid the ultimate price.

- **>** Bull \<11-08-82/1355:12>

- That, and just to remind everyone, the Doomsday Clock is ticking. By all accounts, the timeframe for the Disians to kick off our demise is rapidly approaching. Oh, and one more thing. Keep in mind a lot of things are happening all at once, so don’t take the information presented in this download as linear. Things that are posted in one section may be happening before, during, or even after a posting in another. It’s a bit of a mess, but then war is never neat and tidy.

- Slamm-0! \<11-08-82/1409:02>
