---
id: LH-0048
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Mitsuhama Threat Assessment
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mitsuhama Threat Assessment

Being the number one AAA-rated megacorporation, MCT has a staggering amount of resources and material to pull from in this conflict, whether it’s militarily, magic, or Matrix. They have combined these resources into a formidable force that is largely responsible for making the Harvester Network a nightmarish reality. Now

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

CORPORATEall those resources and material are focused on keeping the network secure so their Disian masters can fulfil their goals.

The problem for MCT is that the Disians are more than willing to squeeze the corporation of everything they can, and then discard the spent husk. This has been evident in the orders given by Miriam Ito. All MCT forces and assets have been recalled and redeployed to protect the Harvesters. Their orders are to defend the Harvesters at all costs and employ Zero-Zone tactics across the board. This has led MCT to engage in a brutal war of attrition and use the vast amounts of resources at their disposal to simply grind Defender forces into the ground.

The problem with this strategy is the Defenders are engaging in a largely successful asymmetrical warfare campaign. Because they currently cannot attack the majority of the Harvester Network directly, the Defenders have been targeting everything else. MCT’s logistics chains and high-value metahuman assets have been specifically targeted, and MCT’s losses have been staggering. But rather than adjust tactics and strategy, Ito seems content with simply throwing more metal and bodies at the problem.

At its current rate, MCT is facing an almost forty percent loss in personnel and material tasked to the Harvester Network; a rate which is only climbing.

- Even though they’re the most fortified, MCT is also the most vulnerable because of their current combat doctrine. As such, orders have come down basically telling every Defender to target Mitsuhama at every opportunity. Because until we can safely take out the Harvesters, this is the next best thing. And there’s no way even a corp like MCT can handle this kind of punishment, using these kinds of tactics, for long.

- Picador

- Not like the Dis care. But then, neither do we.

- Chainmaker
