---
id: LH-0181
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Czech Maelstrom
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Czech Maelstrom

Posted by: Cover \<10-23-82/1048:33>

- This post has been updated several times since its original posting on other VPNs before the Week of Death. Localized enough that it probably flew under the radar at the time, I’ve

moved the entire backlog of of original postings here. It also gives another look at what’s been happening the Czech Republic. Read to the end, things get spicy.

**>** Slamm-0! \<06-19-83/0418:53>

I left the business years ago, but I still hear people talk. One of the biggest topics I’ve heard lately is, “What’s going on in Prague?” I’ve done some digging, and the answers are simultaneously interesting and portentous—exactly the sort of thing runners want to know about.

Prague has become a crossroads of talislegging. Valuable items and materials have been coming through in record amounts over the past few months, maybe even years. The fact that many of these are passing out of the city and to points beyond might make you think that there’s a new network rather than someone buying in bulk.

But that’s where you’d be mistaken. This is all a smokescreen orchestrated by a powerful individual: Schwartzkopf.

For those who don’t know him, Schwarzkopf means different things to the people of the Czech Republic: resident dragon, professor of thaumaturgy, and Protector of Marienbad, to name a few. Unlike most dragons, he’s viewed positively by most people. Many even claim personal workingrelationships with him, although most of these are from Charles University where he teaches. I say this for context when I claim he’s the force behind the telesma movement throughout the region. He has the resources one would expect from a dragon, but also has the respect and good faith of many.

- I think the point being made here is that anyone getting involved here shouldn’t expect everything to be motivated by profit. This isn’t a normal situation for runners.

- Netcat

- Precisely.

- Cover

There are currently a lot of jobs being financed by Schwartzkopf (either directly or indirectly), but if you’d rather not involve yourself with his kind, you can find others to work with. Easiest to find are those providing a legal front for talismongers. Prague has quite a market for these folks and stores that cater to all traditions are flourishing. Those who are cannier than their peers often have specific goods they’re looking for, but most of this is likely to be legal stuff (or grey market at most), meaning that even if there’s some element of danger, it’s not going to be a big payout. For larger offers, the prospective treasure hunter must choose between working for, or against, the dragon.

Everywhere a dragon shows an interest in something, people try to get to it first. Because anything a creature like that desires _must_ be valuable. Either way, outmaneuvering opponents is a tall order.

Those who are hired by dragons often demand paydays to match. They have to stay as low-key as possible to not end up with serious problems. But if you can track down agents of the Atlantean Foundation, Apep Consortium, or smaller groups like the Doctor Faustus Society, there’s always something on their acquisition list. Interestingly, DIMR seems split on this matter. I don’t have exact paydata, but some of their jobs get fed back to Schwartzkopf, while others are shuffled out of the region.

- From what my connections tell me, there’s a divide in upper management. Some of them think Professor Schwarzkopf is working on an important project and they want to support him, while others don’t trust his motives. If you’re going to work with them, don’t get caught in the middle.

- eX-Professor

- Anyone know what the big lizard is working on?

- Slamm-0!

- Keep reading.

- Cover

Anything magical has a market in Czechia right now, but that isn’t the same as saying there isn’t

a specific target. Some of the goods brought in for the Professor are decoys. But if that’s the case, there’s a lot of money and influence tied up in this obfuscation. That being said, there are threads I’ve tied together from this mess.

The one I find most interesting (but won’t help much for jobs) is anything with a high level of magical potency (at least on record) is leaving the country, even though general exports are up. Normally, the Czech Republic exports a certain amount of enchanted gear. That’s expected for a small country with a major thaumaturgical university, as well as enclaves with ancient magical traditions—such as the Jewish markets and local Roma. This indicates a sweep for items in general, not specific items.

- Sounds like what someone would do if they wanted to outfit a magical army.

- Kane

- Yeah, because we are in kind of a war.

- Treadle

- Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. It’s possible that one of the groups mentioned above is snapping these supplies up. If they don’t know the target, a wide net would get the job done.

- **>** Snopes

- Nope. This is a draconic power grab. Just because this one has made himself look friendly for years doesn’t mean he doesn’t want the same thing all the others do. Just look at Marienbad.

- Plan-10
