---
id: LH-0043
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Current Aztechnology Operations
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Aztechnology Operations

Within the greater scope of the Disian strategy, Aztechnology is still acting as the primary military arm of the Disian alliance, conducting most global offensive operations. While this may seem like a massive undertaking that no corporation (even one such as Aztechnology) could accomplish, they’ve proven to be extremely resourceful and efficient in deploying their forces.

- They’re called mercs and shadowrunners. Not that hard.

- **>** Clockwork

During the Week of Death, the majority of forces enacting Phase One were made up of covert Aztlan and Aztechnology forces, such as the Blood Daggers and Guerreros. These forces were supplemented byother corporate forces from MCT, contracted mercenary forces, and specialized irregular assets. There are unconfirmed reports that some mercenary and irregular forces funded by Saeder-Krupp also participated, but these reports have yet to be verified and may have been S-K taking advantage of the situation rather than working for Disian interests.

Post-Week of Death, Aztechnology and their forces scaled back their offensive operations to let government and local law service providers take over as part of Phase Two to help sell the “terrorist” narrative. This represented a transition from overt action to more clandestine operations. Since then, Aztechnology has been largely supporting their contracted and irregular operatives by locating targets rather than taking direct action. The bulk of Aztechnology corporate military forces have pulled back to their respective bases and areas of operation for regrouping, resupply, and possible redeployment. Reports indicate this redeployment coincides with the possible new weapon (or weapons) indicated earlier in this data file.

- Can confirm. Most Aztechnology and Aztlan forces have pulled back, basically acting as garrison forces until whatever orders are handed down. This has been a bit of a welcome blessing for some, as the heat of being hunted has abated, at least for now.

- Picador

- For some of us, the heat is still on. Not going to say where I’m currently operating from, but the team I hooked up with has been constantly jumping from safehouse to safehouse over the last few weeks—and the attacks haven’t gotten any easier. So often in the biz we think of ourselves as apex predators in the shadows. We sometimes forget there are some beasts out there just as lethal as we are, if not more so.

- Brutus Ex Mechina

- I’ve been hearing rumors that Azzie blood mages are willingly becoming chimera to create some new kind of hybrid.

- Treadle
