---
id: LH-0116
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Posted by: Darkside'
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Darkside

The hottest topic in the never ending German Matrixboard Wars is Lofwyr’s strangely “indecisive” behavior in the face of the Disian threat, and S-K’s direct involvement in the production of the Harvesters.

Is he uninterested? Or stupid? Hardly. Has he lost his edge? Please. Is he overestimating his power? Also unlikely, especially after the Dragon Civil War and after S-K had to give up the top spot to MCT. Is he fed up with the Sixth World and wants to see it and everything he’s ever worked for burn? Plain bulldrek.

One theory that proved pretty unkillable—and not for lack of trying! —is that Lofwyr is playing what has been dubbed the “Longest Game.” Ever since Dunkelzahn’s Wyrm Talk, we have known that the sharp rise in mana levels in the Sixth World has deeply disturbed some entities—including Dunkelzahn himself. More and more rifts in the astral may (and already have) given alien and hostile entities access to our world—a threat that will continue to rise, until … what? Better not to ask, chum.

What if Lofwyr and S-K have been working with the Disians to turn back a Doomsday Clock that is ticking down as the mana level rises? By supplying Harvesters, Lofwyr and S-K would be at the very source, gaining direct knowledge of the nature and extent of the Harvester Network and even Harvester locations. He could, in this case, allow the network to go live, drain a controlled amount of mana from the Sixth World, thus setting back the Doomsday Clock some years, decades, or even centuries, and then by some means—sabotaged harvesters, use of S-K’s resources, or ... use of a certain other dragon ... ensure that the same network that S-K helped build to whatever degree is destroyed at the time of his choosing.

Does that sound like Lofwyr? I knew you’d say “yes.”

But in recent months, and even weeks, S-K has started moving personnel _and_ material around in a way that looks more like a calculated move, almost like a strategic withdrawal. We recently received reliable data confirming that after Aztechnology botched yet another security issue “that forced the removal of Domingo Chavez” (take that for what you will), S-K stepped in to tighten things up, particularly at Harvester locations and at Site 000. Then, for some reason, S-K started walking that back and let MCT take up the security mantle. We’re not sure what this means, or why S-K would willingly hand over such power to MCT of all corps, but they did. And like the rest of the Disian-aligned corps, Saeder-Krupp seems to be going into a defensive posture for the foreseeable future.
