---
id: LH-0029
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Tragedy of Delta Zero Four One
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Tragedy of Delta Zero Four One

Posted by: Captain Mira Silent-Walker \<03-21-83/0646:51>

- Okay people, this one is **not** a drill. Spread this one as far and as wide as fast as you can because lives literally depend on it.

- **>** Point Guard \<03-21-83/0959:51>

For those of you who don’t know me, I’m Mira Silent-Walker of the Warrior’s Pride mercenary company. Up until a few days ago, I was a lieutenant in charge of an infantry platoon. As the surviving ranking officer, I am now the CO of what’s left of the company.

This … battlefield promotion began on March 20, 2083, when Warrior’s Pride, supplemented by several independent assets, assaulted the Harvester designated Delta-041. Located five kilometers north of Fargo, straddling the Oceti Sakowin and UCAS border, our original plan was to assault Delta-041 while still under construction. But we received actionable intelligence indicating construction was three weeks ahead of schedule and it was set to become fully functional in four days. Captain Charles Iron-Hawk immediately issued the frag-orders to secure (or eliminate) the enemy facility.

I won’t go into details of the assault because they’re immaterial. I will say that despite suffering a thirty percent casualty rate, we successfully defeated the garrison force and secured the facility. During the assault I suffered moderate wounds to both legs and my right arm, which hampered my mobility, but not my ability to command. As such, Captain Iron-Hawk ordered me to take charge of evacuating the wounded along with some of our irregular assets.

As we arrived at our rally point approximately twenty kilometers away, my communications sergeant notified me that something was happening with our forces still at the Harvester. As I patched in, I saw Captain Iron-Hawk, ever the calm in a storm, ordering an immediate evacuation and attempting to send emergency flash-traffic message; all while the Harvester facility was erupting around him.

His final act was to warn the rest of us.

The sky in the direction of Delta-041 then erupted into something I can only describe as pure hellfire that ripped the night apart. Even at our distance, we heard the otherworldly explosion and felt the shockwave seconds later. Those Awakened at the rally point, myself included, immediately began to scream and convulse in agony. Half of our Awakened wounded died as a result. Even our mundane personnel fell severely ill and almost passed out from the shockwave. The last thing I remember before things went blissfully dark was the massive distortion in the sky, with spirits and souls being churned up and destroyed in a maelstrom of corrupted mana while multiple voices screamed in my mind.

None of those who had stayed at Delta-041 survived.

I awoke two hours later; one of my command sergeants had rebroadcast Captain Iron-Hawk’s warning and pulled all images and footage from the Harvester teams, forwarding them to the appropriate friendly forces for dissemination. If you wish to see for yourself, they are available, but I can give a summation of what transpired and save you the horror of their final moments.

After securing Delta-041, Captain Iron-Hawk and his team of technical experts began shutting down its systems. Despite having the most upto-date intelligence available, the tech team was surprised that an additional layer of security was present alongside the shutdown sequence. The techs tried to bypass, but all it did was lock the facility into self-destruct mode.

You know the rest. I hope this information will prove useful for the fight still to come. I also wanted to pay some small homage to my compatriots who died so horribly yet valiantly as well as the innocents who were lost. But unfortunately for Warrior’s Pride, our fighting days are done for now.

I wish you all the blessing and protection of the great spirits.

- This is fragged up. Even when we try to do the right thing, people still die.

- Pistons

- Okay, I **am** going to be that guy. Have we been able to confirm the data from Warrior’s Pride? Not downplaying this tragedy, but can we confirm this happened because of a fail-safe or (and I hate saying this) that maybe Warrior’s Pride simply fragged up?

- Thorn



- Are you saying they’re covering their own hoops? No way. I know Warrior’s Pride and Captain Iron-Hawk personally. No way he’d screw up that bad, and frag you for implying otherwise! What kind of drek are you trying to stir up?

- Scattershot

- This is not the time for sentimentality. We have to look at this objectively and accept whatever the facts may be.

- **>** Fianchetto

- Agreed. At the very least this information would force us to drastically change our current engagement strategies. We need to determine if this information is valid or some kind of ploy because operational Harvesters are now untouchable.

- Picador

  - Oh, we’ve seen this before. These are the same conditions, albeit more severe, that people experienced near Dutchville soon after the city and III Corps disappeared. I’ve also noticed there’s zero traffic moving in or out of Fargo. The military sent a few recon units in, but they’re MIA. From my perspective, Fargo is now a dead city.

  - Orbital DK

  - Dutchville was a tear that eventually healed (somewhat). This is more like a festering wound that’s only getting worse—and more dangerous—as time goes on.

  - Elijah

  - This is what happens when Disian power is left unchecked. Remember this …

  - Lyran

- For those of you who don’t know or haven’t heard, the media is spouting reports about a “massive mana disruption” that’s caused tremendous damage in nearby Fargo, with thousands confirmed dead. Local authorities are encouraging anyone who can to evacuate the city. National Guard units from Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio headed up by emergency response teams have also been mobilized to assist with evacuation efforts. Their first order of business was to establish a containment perimeter around the city; no unauthorized individuals are allowed in.

- Sunshine

- The magical disruption in the area isn’t like anything we’ve seen before. Any Awakened who attempt to get within five kilometers of Fargo go into some kind of seizure; fifty percent of them suffer severe brain damage … or death.

- Ethernaut

- Wait, where the frag have you been?!

- Glitch

- Lyran?

- Glitch

- Lyran?! Ghost damn it!

- Glitch

- Frag it all!!! Just when we get some kind of good news, we still manage to get our teeth kicked in! How are we supposed to fight the Disians now if we can’t take out the Harvesters without destroying ourselves and the Earth in the process?

- Flash-Banger

- We adapt. Because we have no other choice.

- Rifleman
