---
id: LH-0289
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Blood, Ice, and Magic - \<07-21-83/0401:19>
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blood, Ice, and Magic

## \<07-21-83/0401:19>

I’m not a soldier, warrior, or whatever. Yet here I am. I can’t give proper context to the battle or discuss the tactics that followed as the amphibious forces made landfall on the Antarctic shores. But I can still remember _every fragging detail_ because it’s been seared into my mind. All the blood, all the

carnage, and most of all, the level of destructive magic used—every moment of everything my eyes crossed. I wanted to look away, but of course, I couldn’t.

Bombers and strike aircraft from the 180[th] IAR kicked the party off with strikes against Aztechnology’s defensive lines before defending aircraft, spirits, and some crazy magic downed six of them, forcing the rest to fall back. But they gave us the hole we needed. From there, the rest of Ice Dagger lived up to their name and drove right into the heart of the Azzies and Disians defending this place. The flashes of small arms and heavy weapons lit up the rapidly changing and churning sky, while magic from both sides clashed. Twice it looked like the assault was going to falter, but strikes from Sirrurg allowed the strike force to keep advancing, even if slowly.

Odd thing, I felt a weird sense of annoyance after Sirrurg left.

I lost track of time, but it felt like hours, maybe even an entire day, but I witnessed it all. Finally, my part in this came.
