---
id: LH-0125
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Mafia (Christopher Morelli)
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mafia (Christopher Morelli)

Posted by: 2XL

As the son of a Boston capo, Chris grew up in the family and had ambitions to take over for his


**>** I thought the Knights had died out in the 2060s. **>** Plan 9


father. With the wealth and influence at his father’s disposal, however, it seemed like he’d be around for a long time to come. To Chris, this seemed like he’d never get a shot at being a capo, so he looked for opportunities to increase his influence. He met with others in his postion and discussed their mutual goal of branching out from their family’s business. Their efforts drew many of the younger members of the Mafia families who had similar (or higher) aspirations. Chris established Q-gene-9, a front used to conceal their activities and funnel profits away from Mafia oversight. The way the way Q-gene-9 operates, howver, it’s often mistaken as another family; something that causes tension with the old-timers. Along with the scions of other Mafia families, they operated various financial scams and shadow operations, siphoning millions of nuyen without the families’ knowledge.

Anyone raised within the family knew the stories of the Mafia’s domination of underground economics in the previous century—how no other group could hope to match their muscle and money, and anyone foolish enough to try didn’t live long. Eventually, the families lost some of that overwhelming power when other syndicates, like the Yakuza or Vory, entered the game in the early twenty-first century. The younger generation felt that their families should have expanded more aggressively after the events that started with the Awakening, while governments and local agencies were weakened. But Chris and others within Q-gene-9 realized that the organization had become more diverse as the oldguard died off and the families absorbed other crime organizations. They appreciated the direction things were going, but it was moving too slowly for their tastes.

Despite this diversification, a large percentage of the Mafia still adheres to conservative and traditional values, often exhibiting chauvinistic attitudes toward women. Consequently, very few women hold membership in Mafia crime families, particularly within the more traditional factions where women are typically excluded. Maybe that is why seventy percent of Q-gene-9 are women.

- Funny, the Morelli family opposed the progressive policies of the O’Rilley family regarding metahumans.

- High Road

- Also, word on the street is that the Morelli family was working with the Knights of the Red Branch and the Shotozumi-Rengo of the Yakuza.

- Marionette

- KRB, that’s the group that left Ireland when Tír na nÓg formed. They are very anti-elf, right?

- Sounder
