---
id: LH-0054
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Special Forces Nightmare
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Special Forces Nightmare

In the past few weeks, orders have come from the UCAS government ordering the deployment of UCAS Army Tier-1 and Tier-2 SOF assets, such as Task Force Delta, Green Berets, and the Third Ranger Regiment into the field. Their targets were known Grey Cell safehouses and weapons caches near Winnipeg and along the Algonkian-Manitou Council border. All the safehouses, weapons, gear, and vehicles were destroyed. But thankfully, an asset within the CIA was able to send a warning and delay the SOF team’s deployment long enough to allow most personnel to escape. Some volunteered to stay and maintain the illusion to get the SOFs off the trail.

Other units, such as the CAS’s Ferrets and Oceti Sakowin’s Wildcats, have been called up as well, but we haven’t been able to get any paydata regarding their operations. Several cells in the Florida Everglades and Miami as well as Helena and Butte have gone silent; their fates are currently unknown.

- That’s fragged up. Grey Cell is getting the drek kicked out of them.

- Bangswitch

- Doesn’t this violate like a ton of laws about using military forces on domestic soil without like, congressional approval or something?

- Knuckleduster

- The UCAS and CAS still have a version of the Posse Comitatus Act on the books; Oceti Sakowin, however, are a lot more liberal in deploying their military assets. But each country’s laws **do** require some kind of congressional or government approval. I don’t see any evidence of that here.

- Legal Eagle

- That’s because a lot of these orders are coming through backdoor, black channels. Such methods are often used by government leaders to get things done while having plausibledeniability. But I can confirm this: Disian proxies are starting to use double-blind communications to forge orders, making them seem like they are legit when, in fact, they’re not. This is terrifying on so many levels.

**>** Kay St. Irregular

- Have you not been paying attention?

**>** Butch

As of this posting, there haven’t been any additional deployment of SOFs that we’re aware of. There were rumors that the SAS and Russian Federation Spetsnaz were called up for deployment, but were, fortunately for us, told to stand down.

- I don’t know what’s going on, but a lot of IMA mercs still on the sidelines are reaching out to their contacts in the aforementioned governments, trying to pass on paydata that some serious drek is going down and that they’re being played. Hopefully, someone with a cooler head **and** not under Disian influence will listen.

- Colonel Cobra

- Contact me directly, Colonel. I’ve got some company friends working on that very problem in the UCAS who could use some help.

- Thorn
