---
id: LH-0417
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Draco Foundation
page: 190
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Draco Foundation

The Draco Foundation currently finds itself in a very unique position. Having long ago fulfilled their mandate of distributing the effects of Dunkelzahn’s will, the DF floundered for several years under poor leadership, ill-defined secondary mandates, and no clear role in the world. Now, the foundation has once again found prominence on the world stage, spearheading relief and rebuildAFTERSHOCKSing efforts (outside of corporate influence), while also providing a voice of calm and reason in chaotic times.

The Disian threat, however, has also shown that there’s more to serving Dunkelzahn’s will and memory than simple humanitarian aid; sometimes direct action needs to be taken. As such the DF, under orders of current foundation head Toshi Akimura, has quietly begun adding more and more shadowrunners and mercenaries on retainer as security specialists and special advisors—most of them displaced Disian war veterans and operatives. This indicates that the DF is looking to become a more proactive player within the shadows in the near future.

of Ancient Rome. The craziness leading up to the Un-Awakening, and the actual event, put an abrupt halt to those plans as many feared it was some kind of Disian final retaliation. And when Awakened friends and comrades suddenly lost their magic, the rest of the Defenders rallied around them and their families to protect them from whatever was coming. So, for the next ten days, the Defenders stood together one last time, because that was the bond they’d forged.

- Say what you will about us. When it’s all said and done, we share a common bond, something that will always be there. So, even though the movement may be done, Defenders stand together, no matter where you’re from.

- Brutis Ex-Mechina

- Near future. Good one.

- Rifleman

- I’ve learned that Akimura has also finally made good on a stipulation within Dunkelzahn’s will and testament to assist Arleesh in her efforts to safeguard the Sixth World from magical, metaplanar, and other threats by entering into a mutual support pact with her.

- Wyrm Watcher

- Interesting, but I hope the DF doesn’t bite off more than they can chew. If they decide to lock horns with a corp, they’re fragged.

- Stone

- You underestimate us? That’s fine. We’ve always had more resources at our disposal than we’ve led the public, and corporations, to believe. We simply lacked the vision and direction to properly use them.

- Silk
