---
id: LH-0148
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY TEN \<09-19-82/2311:59>
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY TEN \<09-19-82/2311:59>**

I had no idea there was so much vitriol associated with my beloved family. When the street doc gave me his deck, it came pre-loaded with a hidden network address called ShadowSea. It took me days to try and get in. It recognized my deck, but not my persona. But finally, I managed. And when I arrived, I found myself in a den of scum. It makes me nauseated even entering it in this journal, but I must for posterity, and hopefully to learn from what was clearly a mistake. These shadowrunners claim that ShadowSea and other shadow networks were born out of a need to speak the truth, but in truth, it’s only a place that spreads hate, hate against the megacorporations of the world that are trying to do good. Corporations like Mitsuhama. The things they “claim” Mitsuhama is responsible for, how they use and hurt people, their direct ties to the Yakuza.

Do they really murder people?

Never have I seen even a fraction of what these shadowrunners claim. Yes, we do visit psychiatrists as part of a monthly schedule. Yes, some of my co-workers have been transferred to new locations, sometimes very suddenly. And yes, we do have drones that feed us positive information every day. But that’s for our benefit, our well-being, because MCT cares. It’s not because of some crazy conspiracy of brainwashing or keeping us in the dark.

I am proud to be an employee with MCT, and I regret ever being drawn in by that street doc’s words.

- Not surprising that she’d back-pedal. It’s a lot to take in.

- > Hangfire

- I’m actually growing concerned. This Nico is ridiculously cunning when you think about it. She’s owned a datajack for what, a year and a half? And now she’s evading MCT with a second jack and managing to sleaze her way into a major shadow VPN. Either someone needs to tighten their protocols, or MCT doesn’t realize the talent they have on their hands.

- Mink

- They hand-picked her out of the University of Washington before she graduated. They immediately placed her in the Entertainment Division where she would see things that don’t exactly align with the narrative. Hamita-san seems to go to lengths to cover for her. Perhaps MCT is giving Nico-san a long leash because they want to see what she’s capable of. Not everyone who learns the truth departs the megacorps—some are elevated because of it. They told Nico-san to stop, and she didn’t. She dug deeper. Either she’s digging her own grave, or she’s building herself a mountain to reach the summit.

- Knick Knack

- This is all theoretical. But there **is** a growing disconnect here. Why isn’t MCT taking a more aggressive approach? This is not

how they traditionally operate when it comes to all things computer-based with their Matrix security. > Spume

> Maybe the Yaks aren’t letting MCT do anything. We don’t know anything on Suzume-san, Nico’s father. Perhaps he has ties to the Yakuza, making Nico rather untouchable.

> Sim-Eon

- I don’t know how many times over the decades I have to hear this drek. There is no evidence of any involvement between Mitsuhama and the Yakuza families.

> Turner

- Oh look, MCT’s spin-doctor is back. I guess thanks to the war, we’re letting just anyone into ShadowSea now. I think we had this go around last time, didn’t we?

- Mink

- Did we? I don’t remember.

- Turner

- It’s been twenty-five years, give or take. I was a much younger lad then. But I remember in good old Shadowlands, you were defending the frag out of Mitsuhama.

- Mink

- Not defending, simply stating the truth. Any time conversations have anything to do with Mitsuhama, people like you yammer on about Yak connections. But then, like now, it’s all cheap talk with no substance. I’d love to prove that the big, bad megacorporation is tied to the Yaks, but I prefer concrete evidence, and no one can give me any, ever.

- Turner

- Really? The Ichi all but run MCT. “Tiger” (who or whatever the frag he really is) is simply the face and rubber stamp. And we know six of the Ichi are affiliated with the Yakuza. There’s a reason they’re called the Sinister Six.

- Spume

- Conjecture without proof. Yes, the Ichi control MCT’s operations, but there’s no correlation to any ties with the Yakuza. How hard is it to see you have no empirical evidence to stand on, which makes all your postulating null?

- Turner

- Well, Turner, good ole chum, that seems pretty irrelevant now, considering we all know that Mitsuhama is deep in bed with the Disians, and one of the Ichi is a known Faustian. I’d almost rather they have ties to the Yaks. At least the Yaks are about control and profits, and not the end of the fraggin’ Sixth World.

- Serapion


**log it!** journaling utility from mCt!
