---
id: LH-0222
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Mount Shasta: Cal Free State'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mount Shasta: Cal Free State

\<05-30-83/0513:02>

After months of skirmishes with Ryan Mercury’s New Assets group, Disian forces got serious and attacked with a mixed force of metahuman and chimera troops led by a cadre of four Faustians. New Assets reportedly held the line with a mix of hit-and-run counterattacks backed up by powerful magical wards and defensive positions.

That was until three Mobile Harvesters were airdropped into the area.

Forced to openly engage a numerically superior force, New Assets suffered heavy casualties until they were reinforced from the remnants of the Warrior’s Spirit mercenary company, who apparently joined the battle on their own initiative. There are reports of a massive mana disruption and mana storms occurring in the area, but nothing confirmed, including the disposition of New Assets or Warrior’s Spirit.

- We’re starting to see Mobile Harvesters show up at battlefields, acting as WMDs and threatening to destroy everything unless defending forces surrender. Some have … well, it’s as close as we’ve gotten in warfare to nukes on a battlefield.

- Picador

- Where has this happened?

- Sunshine

- So far, we’ve only been able to confirm the following locations: Batu Caves (Malaysia), Kinshasa-Brazzaville (Congo Tribal Lands), Indianapolis (UCAS), Lima (Peru), Mount Kailash (Tibet), and various locations in northern Wisconsin (UCAS). There are at least a dozen more probable locations where they were deployed, but not used; though we have yet to confirm these reports. Additionally, we now believe multiple Mobile Harvesters were used in Australia and were the cause of the current manastorm surge there.

**>** Torrent

- Any word about Seattle? I was about to make a run there but was told, quite forcefully, don’t.

- Traveler Jones

- Yeah, not a good idea right now. Tell you all about it if we live.

- Sounder
