---
id: LH-0182
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Update \<04-04-83/2206:55>
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update \<04-04-83/2206:55>

Posted by: Cover

After providing my original posting to an acquaintance who knew the scene in Prague from his university days, more information came to my attention that compelled a full rewrite. The whirlwind market is tied to more dangerous developments than I had assumed. And while I can’t provide details, I owe the people involved a chance to prove the worth of their efforts.

As it turns out, the Professor is stockpiling powerful magical gear. I couldn’t get specifics, but it’s clear that this is preparation for war, and he’s been pulling in favors from distant places to get it done. If I thought it possible, I’d almost say the dragon was desperate, but I’m sure that’s not an emotion they register. I’m still not sure what army (at this point, I’d hesitate to say small) is being armed, but it would take a lot of mages to wield the amount of foci that’s been collected.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- Wait … we’re at war? No drek! Okay, before anyone jumps on me, I have been paying attention to the time stamps. But the way this slag’s been going on, I had to say something for my own sanity.

- **>** Clockwork

The other groups involved seem to have varying motives, but given the natural inclination to profiteer when markets go wild, I wouldn’t immediately assume the worst. That said, if the enemy is really from Dis (or wherever), then we could be looking at alien minds forcing the worst of humanity to be our defense. I believe that’s caused the divide within DIMR. If part of the organization recognizes a threat and engages with draconic forces to gird against it while other members have been compromised by that same external threat, the result would potentially look very similar to how they have been acting. If I were out looking for work in the region now, I think DIMR would be even higher on my list of questionable Mr. Johnsons than Apep or the Atlanteans.

At least you know where both of those groups stand.

- Never trust a dragon sympathizer. Whatever this one is up to, it is not for our good, only his own.

- This might be a situation where those are the same thing.

- **>** Icarus

- Never gonna happen. They just make it look that way.

- **>** Plan 10

I know some of you don’t care about the who and why behind all of this. For you, I’ll simplify. There’s plenty of work in the Czech Republic right now grabbing foci, historical artifacts, and old-fashioned smuggling of reagents. Be smart about who you take jobs for! DIMR has been unreliable, and the Apep Consortium and Atlantean Foundation are shadier than normal for this kind of work. Consider taking the jobs offered by Charles University (Univerzita Karlova for those of you without good translation), by Prague’s Jewish Enclave, the Roma clans of the region, the Benandanti XXV, and (if you’re willing to take on a bit of notoriety for the job) Schwartzkopf. These are your best bets for not being stabbed in the back over the task or supporting the side of a war that wants you dead if they win. In an effort to encourage jobs for our side, I’ve got some info on items currently being sought by the Benandanti.

- Plan 10
