---
id: LH-0161
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Strategic Overview: Organized Chaos'
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Strategic Overview: Organized Chaos

Posted by: Picador \<04-26-83/1502:52>

The sheer chaos of this shadow war almost defies comprehension.

There are no traditional theaters, only various groups fighting the Disians and their allies in multiple regions and hot zones. Some of these areas encompass hundreds or even thousands of kilometers, while others are no bigger than a few city blocks. Those cells, task forces, teams, detachments, et al. engaging the enemy vary from top-tier combat units and expert spooks, all the way to ad hoc groups of barely trained locals who are making do through sheer grit and determination; not to mention a stunning amount of creativity.

- Oh, I can attest to that. In Chicago, a group of street kids geeked a Disian-backed corp team led by an infiltration-type chimera. How? They suckered them into a chase that ended in a boobytrapped warehouse. I’m not sure how the kids pulled it off, but the ensuing fireball cooked most of them—the collapsing roof finished the job.

The result makes it difficult for cells, units, and task forces to maneuver or reinforce other friendly groups. This has resulted in most of our engagements becoming regional affairs with embedded units quickly becoming responsible for their own logistics. As someone here already said, it’s a “come as you are” party.

- But then again, that’s never stopped people like us. It just forced us to think even further outside the box.

- Kane

- It’s also forced people to become more creative. I’ve been shuttled to hell and back over the last several months and seen people come up with the most bat-drek crazy ways to combat the Disians: guns modified way beyond specs, cannons made from scrap metal, crazy spells, vehicles that look like they belong in a post-apocalyptic sim, trained critters, all sorts of explosives, and traps that have literally made me glad they’re on our side.

- Brutus Ex Mechina

- Sounds like a typical Tuesday here in Florida.

- Cool Hand Duke

- Thankfully, we’ve been able to maintain reliable communications with our cells in most parts of the world and provide as much up-to-date intelligence as possible.

- Torrent

- Taurian

- Kids these days—such violence. I blame games and social media.

- **>** Bull

- I have some chummers in Louisiana near New Orleans and Baton Rouge who’ve set up safe zones in their respective parishes. Between the local critters, spirits, and flying mojo, the local Disians seem to have given up in those parts.

- Stone

- Not to bring anyone down, but I just got back from Kansas City. My handler sent me and a couple others to help organize resistance groups that were operating in some of the adjacent towns. Never got a chance to do anything because when we arrived, those whom we were supposed to link up with were dead; slaughtered, to be more accurate. Frag, we almost didn’t make it out ourselves when a herd of chimeras descended on us. The area around KC is now crawling with free-range chimeras.

- **>** Bangswitch

Those of us within the Defenders who have bandwidth are doing our best to coordinate and provide support to cells and groups, but moving people and supplies has become trickier in the last few weeks as Disian-aligned government elements and corporate assets have limited travel. Personal travel has been restricted across the board, with the current ongoing “terrorist threat” being used as an excuse to keep as many people in place as possible.

- More and more mercs, security-type experts, veterans—really anyone who appears to have anything resembling combat experience or certain skillsets—are being denied travel, with most being put on multiple “no fly” lists or being denied border access. Coyotes and smugglers are making serious bank.

- Turbo Bunny

- While some of us are doing it for the cause, it’s still true that you can’t spend it if you’re dead. Although, I’ve gotten some serious upgrades on my ‘birds to facilitate the work I’ve been doing.

- **>** Osprey

- Some places, while not having a large Disian presence, have become major transportation hubs. Motor City, Toledo, Cincinnati, Louisville, and all the way down through the Tampa Bay area and into the Keys along I-75 in the UCAS and CAS just to name a few.

- Johnny Redline

- Indeed, I’ve been moving more people than guns lately.

- Red Anya

- Of course, the corps and their citizens are less affected by this than say, John and Jane Public. So, Evo and Horizon have been pretty decent about issuing temporary corporate credentials and work permits; or they’re overlooking it when certain people forg … I mean borrow some ID templates.

- Traveler Jones.



**==> picture [284 x 726] intentionally omitted \<==**

**>** And of course Renraku is still telling everyone to go frag themselves.

**>** Sam-R-Eye
