---
id: LH-0143
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY FIVE \<03-10-82/1020:31>
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY FIVE \<03-10-82/1020:31>**

I know it’s been a while, but after I got the datajack I needed to focus on work. And I have to admit, the quality of life is really nice. I tried talking to my father about it, but he refused. It wasn’t like he disowned me or anything, but every time I try and speak with him, I can see him looking into my hairline, trying to find it—the oni, the demon that has possessed his daughter.

But it’s so useful. In fact, I’m about to be issued my first cyberdeck. I’m nowhere near a decker, but MCT has been running me through classes on how to use a cyberdeck effectively to boost my output in the Entertainment Division. I’ve also been made entertainment analyst assistant to Hamita-san, hence why I’ve been so busy. Turns out, there’s a lot we must do internally for MCT. We edit and administer all the news that’s pumped through MCT headquarters with our drones, on our trideo displays, and even in personal cyberdecks. MCT is adamant about keeping its staff up to date on all the happenings around the globe, especially on how MCT is specifically helping to make it a better place.

To be honest, it’s all so very boring to listen to, but it lets me know that we’re doing something important. It turns out, I’m pretty wiz at editing. Some trid footage has been entrusted to me so I can clean it up for easier consumption by MCT staff. Pretty wiz, and I hope to learn more as I go. I’m even getting a special license to use my datajack to delve into the Matrix at large, and not be restricted to just the MCT internal LTGs. Who would’ve thought that I’d be this far, into the company!

Take that, Father, with your dated principles and archaic view on cyberware! This datajack put me here, moved me forward, and I’m doing it all for you—for our family. For honor. I’m even thinking about getting some headware memory.
