---
id: LH-0010
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: What You Need To Know (So Far)
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What You Need To Know (So Far)

I’m just going to cover the high points here. If you want a more detailed look back at the beginning of the Disian Shadow War, check out the _Scotophobia_ download.

Before I get into it, let me preface everything by saying that because of the nature and scale of this conflict, it’s impossible to be comprehensive. With so many battles being waged on so many fronts, and communication completely cut off in certain areas, we’re lucky if we get fifty percent of what’s really going on out there. So things are happening out there that we may never learn about.

- That’s if we survive. It’s getting harder for people to stand and fight. Courage can only take you so far when you’re surrounded by literal monsters while death creeps closer. Some are deciding to avoid all the pain, all the horror, by checking out on their terms.

- Scattershot

- I get that. But I’d rather go out while fighting on my feet. But I know that’s just me.

- Brutus Ex Mechina

- Not long ago, Aztechnology extracted Horizon’s foremost expert in psyops, known simply as “Agent.” Since then, he’s trained a cadre of operatives to infiltrate an area or group, and convince anyone they can that fighting or resistance is hopeless, that death is a better alternative. Being one of the first Disian allies, they knew this war was coming. Dozens of cells have since fallen because of their influence, and that’s only what we can confirm.

- **>** Rifleman
