---
id: LH-0069
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Darker Side of Evo
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Darker Side of Evo

Now, we need to address a bit of an elephant in the room. While Evo putting their freaky cybertech on the streets is seen as bad enough by some, the fact that they’ve been mucking around with cybermancy has been a point of contention within the Defender movement.

Having pilfered a lot of data, equipment, and a few *ahem* “qualified individuals” from the likes of Aztechnology and MCT before the Week of Death kicked off—which should say a lot—Evo has wasted zero time putting all of those to work. Rumors persist in the Defender ranks about secret Evo black sites pumping out as many cyberzombies as they can, _with_ the blessing of the current leadership.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



While this has caused a fair amount of discontent within the ranks, most are choosing to see this as a necessary evil, as cyberzombies have proven to be extremely effective against Disian forces.

- Still not sure how I feel about this. I get it, we’re facing our extinction. But even when it’s for the greater good, which is often a cop-out, allowing drek like this still changes a person. I mean, I get it if we were talking about making zombies from volunteers or people too fragged up for anything else. But I’ve heard rumors about prisoners and other enemies not being afforded that choice. Not looking to start anything, I just needed to get that off my chest.

- Old Crow

- Not gonna try and justify anything, but I was helping assault a Harvester that was about to bring their computer core online. And this was after Fargo, so we knew the stakes. We were getting our hoops chewed up until a cargo plane air-dropped about a half-dozen ’zombies right on top of the Harvester. Took them three minutes to sort things out, leaving my group to simply mop up. I was fragging grateful for them.

- **>** Bangswitch
