---
id: LH-0410
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Antarctica: Exclusion Zone'
page: 188
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Antarctica: Exclusion Zone

Not much is currently known about Antarctica post- _Operation: Cold Fury_ . In early August, the UN issued a resolution establishing the Antarctica Preservation Zone after several official (heh) reports indicated the continent had received significant damage because of the recent manastorms. Officially, this new exclusion zone is meant to “keep and preserve the natural beauty of the continent intact for future generations.” Unofficially, it’s meant to contain and secure whatever secrets that remain on the continent (specifically the former Aztechnology facility), as well as keep scavengers away.



And for once, the UN may have the right idea. Ever since the end of the war, the Un-Awakening, and the … Re-Awakening I guess, there’ve been a lot of odd reports coming from Antarctica. From what I’ve been told by contacts, the place is considered a magical hot-zone, similar to the manastorms that plagued Australia, but more intense. There are rumors that a new metaplanar portal opened up and is currently being guarded by UN troops while select scientists study it. Other reports indicate the UN and the Corporate Court simply want to keep the truth about the Disians under wraps.

- A multi-corporation and national naval task force was assigned to patrol the waters ten nautical miles off the Antarctic coast. Vessels, supported by aircraft, drones, and satellites, are keeping a constant watch. Any unauthorized landings get one, and only one, warning before they’re blown out of the sky or water.

**>** Kane
