---
id: LH-0384
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Ares: The Silent Heroes'
page: 181
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares: The Silent Heroes

Wow. Just, wow. While most of us thought Ares was simply trying to ride the fence in the shadow war, it turns out they were actually pulling off one of the biggest covert military operations in _history._ Yeah, they kind of fragged things up in Motor City, but they came through in the clutch when they managed to send the bulk of their corporate military forces, the entire Firewatch Division (which also re-organized behind everyone’s back), and a drek-ton of shadowrunners into the Disians’ metaplane to hit them on their home turf. That’s right, Ares managed to, under literally everyone’s nose, successfully deploy the first metaplanar expeditionary force _in history._ Yeah, I know I said that last part twice, but it’s worth repeating.

- All credit to Ares for what they did, but keeping their intentions a secret came at the cost of a lot of lives and through less-thanhonorable methods.

- Thorn

Known as _Operation: Cheshire_ , rumors suggest that shortly after the ill-fated _Operation: Latvian_

_Gambit_ in Motor City and their move to Atlanta, Atticus Cole and Arleesh’s voice, Kendra de Santos, secretly met with newly installed Ares CEO Michael Bishop to discuss the looming Disian threat. Details of that meeting are scarce, but we can safely infer that a deal was struck, and a plan made that led to _Cheshire’s_ creation and eventual implementation.

And unfortunately for Ares, it’s an operation they can’t tell anyone about because of how the Disians were framed as a hoax to the general public and a possible CC resolution. Which sucks for Ares because can you imagine how much their stock would rise if they could tell this story?
