---
id: LH-0068
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Bringing the Party Favors
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bringing the Party Favors

We said before that Evo may not have a lot of warriors other than corporate security forces and a few paramilitary groups on the payroll, but what they do have, and are more than willing to share, are augmentations and guns.

Aside from helping patch Defenders up, they’ve also been extremely generous with upgrading whatever augmentations they need for free. Sounds too good to be true, right? Depends on how you look at it. Yeah, Evo has been offering to replace beat-up older tech with newer alpha, beta, and in very special rare cases, some delta-grade drek. The downside is that Evo’s been emptying their research and development vaults, putting some of their bleeding-edge tech out there … including dangerous prototypes.

Yep, you heard that right. So, while these razor and street sammy types may be tearing Disian drek up with their new chrome and gene-tech guts, they could also be walking time-bombs. More than a few reports have come in saying that one out of every four users of Evo’s top-shelf stuff, especially anything that increases reflexes, is too overpowered and they’ve either fried their nervous systems or aneurysm-ed (is that even a word?) themselves to death. Normally, this would be a serious concern, but given the state of things, most don’t seem to care.

- I can attest to this. Remember my chummer from before? When Evo offered to fix his legs, they threw in some new kind of reaction booster, ten times better than his wired reflexes. And frag if he wasn’t a terror on the battlefield. But each time, he almost gave himself a heart attack. Eventually his heart couldn’t keep up and he keeled over, but not before returning the favor and saving **my** hoop. Rest in power, Charlie.

- Brutus Ex Mechina

Evo also has plenty of weapons, especially of the cyber-implanted variety. But their rEVOlution line has been well-represented in Defender ranks and proven to be quite effective against Disian forces.
