---
id: LH-0090
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: /END FILE/
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## /END FILE/

**>** This is a lot bigger than some random data file you found on a **>** Dragons don’t speak to each other. At least, not like you and me. dead guy, Kane. In their natural forms, they communicate telepathically. In order **>** Frosty to be heard, they must either assume a metahuman form, or use a “voice.” Assuming Sirrurg wouldn’t want to take on a metahuman **>** I know, why do you think I brought it here? form, a metahuman was provided for him to use as a “voice.” **>** Kane Why they didn’t simply telepathically communicate, I cannot say, but it is likely specifically for the purpose of having a recorded **>** Out of curiosity, what did the Mr. Johnson who gave you the job agreement in addition to whatever pact they plan on making.

- Out of curiosity, what did the Mr. Johnson who gave you the job ask you for?

- **>** DangerSensei

  - Wyrm Watcher

  - What happens when Sirrurg decides he’s had enough with taking orders from Lofwyr?

- A specific crate of cargo. Looked like oranges. And a cargo manifest. That’s it.

  - Kane

- Kane

- So, this Johnson had specific whereabouts of an unmarked, drone-piloted courier carrying this kind of information, and all he wanted was a crate of oranges and a list of what was on it? Don’t you think that’s a little strange? Like, maybe they wanted you to find this?

- DangerSensei

- If that is indeed true, then Lofwyr wanted it known he had made a pact with Sirrurg. To what end, I am not sure. It could be a warning, or a way to flex his muscles, but I think it goes beyond that. One great dragon is bad enough. But a great dragon with Lofwyr’s infrastructure and something on the level of Sirrurg working for him? That’s a match made in hell.

- Fianchetto

- Sirrurg is aptly named the Destroyer, and if this is real, I expect him to unleash plenty of destruction. If he learned anything from dealing with Aztlan during the Az-Am war, it was probably that he couldn’t do it all by himself. If any contracts come through to hit Disian infrastructure, particularly where any of that Blue-227 stuff is a primary target, I wouldn’t try to go looking too hard at the Johnson.

**>** Likely a trail of destruction that hasn’t been seen since the EuroWars. If how Lofwyr handled Alamais back in ’74 is any indication, however, he’s not going to put up with any drek. He has a huge chip on his shoulder over how the Az-Am war ended and will likely take a special interest in dealing with any Azzie installations. But anywhere he operates will be reduced to not much more than a smoking ruin by the time he is done with it. Hopefully he would give time to any runner team hired to scout the locations to get out of there, but I wouldn’t count on it. Sirrurg isn’t known for being very tolerant or understanding of the metahuman condition.

- Peregrine

- Maybe spending a decade on the astral has made him mellow out a little, and be a bit more considered in his actions? Maybe a bit less hot-headed? Or will he be more angry that this conversation became public?

- Nephrine

- A decade is like a blink of an eye to one of the greats. It probably just made him stew in his own anger, but if Lofwyr has his talons on the leash, chances are, things will be more directed.

- Fianchetto

- Glasswalker

- What did he mean when he said our “true method of speech?”

- Little Hammer

- The Destroyer has never shown he gives a damn about metahumanity one way or another. I doubt he cares whether we know or not.

- Glasswalker
