---
id: LH-0081
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Perri'
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Perri

I also had a few people digging around in the Resonance Realms. The data they pulled out are just fragments, but it’s looking like there is definitely a pattern. Occasional reports about unidentified military forces operating in Eastern Europe have been popping up for decades, in fact, all the way back to the turn of the century. None of that data matched up with anything on the Matrix, so I’m thinking it’s been erased.

- Send me copies of what you have. I know about a few dusty archives around Berlin that have hardcopies of old data, newspapers, and government reports, that type of stuff. I’ll have someone dig around and see if anything matches up there.

- Sim-Eon

Of course, none of this proves the involvement of the Zhigul Makers, but it does support the idea that there’s a powerful, secret, non-government, non-corporate entity operating in Eastern Europe (that may be the Zhigul Makers). One with substantial resources, access to bleeding-edge military tech, well-trained and well-armed soldiers, serious magical mojo, and top-tier Matrix ability. Add in a strong desire to keep their existence a secret, and it all adds up to a mystery worth solving.

- You should change your handle from Old Crow to “Old Dog with a Bone,” since you never let anything go. You do know that no

one is buying any of your crazy conspiracy theories about this, don’t you?

**>** Mr. Bonds

- Just a thought, my old friend, but if there really is a powerful, super-secret, military organization out there with squads of top-tier assassins and a strong desire to remain secret, is talking about tracking them down on any forum, even a shadow one, really the healthiest activity? I just don’t want to see you be the “Old Dog” who’s constantly chasing cars and finally catches one, only to end up under its wheels.

**>** Bull
