---
id: LH-0071
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Evo Leader Goes on Unhinged Rant During Live Matrix Feed
page: 46
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evo Leader Goes on Unhinged Rant During Live Matrix Feed

\<04-30-2083/1815:15>

By Lew Steinbush, Newspulse LIVE! (Now an Aztechnology Subsidiary)

Earlier tonight, the free spirit known as Buttercup held a press conference that went completely off the rails.

Press releases originally stated Buttercup intended to discuss some of the new product initiatives Evo was planning on rolling out for the next fiscal quarter. Instead, she hijacked the press conference and went on a long tirade about “extraplanar invaders” saying that “the world as we know it is in grave danger.”

For five minutes and forty-seven seconds, Buttercup ranted on about “the Dissidents” and how they were in the process of destroying the planet, and her allies were actively fighting this supposed incursion. During her rant, she began to pound on her podium to the point where the synthwood began to crack and splinter. Her aide and entourage attempted to stop the proceedings, but Buttercup literally threw them aside. Security then tried to intervene, but Buttercup threatened them with bodily harm if they attempted to stop her.

It is unclear why it took so long for the Matrix feed to be preempted, and none of the broadcast or production managers could be reached for comment.

Members of the Evo board of directors could not be reached for comment. A statement has since been released stating, “We here at Evo apologize for the unfortunate incident and statements made by Buttercup. We do not know the reason for her actions, but she has been removed from her duties at Evo while we complete a thorough investigation into the matter. Again, we apologize for any undue stress this situation may have caused.”

Buttercup has declined to comment on this statement or her actions during the hijacked press conference.

- Well, that’s a thing that happened.

- /dev/grrl

- As if things couldn’t get more fragged. Now no one is going to take the Disian threat seriously. She just did the Disians’ work for them!

- Icarus

- I don’t know, this thing is blowing up! Matrix boards and VPNs can’t stop talking about it. Heck, Buttercup’s P2.0 rating is skyrocketing! People are already starting to ask questions, even those people who think that Buttercup has lost her mind, or whatever the spirit equivalent is.
