---
id: LH-0311
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Armando Salazar - Posted by: Rifleman'
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Armando Salazar

## Posted by: Rifleman

Blood mage, sociopath, power hungry, _madman_ … these are just a few of the words that describe Salazar.

And yet, despite all he’s done, we owe him some measure of thanks for helping save the Sixth World.

With a background in biological weapons in addition to his considerable magical abilities, Salazar was a terror in the Amazonian War and is responsible for the development of the anti-Ddagon weapon Blue-227. After the war, he left the Aztlan military to lead Aztechnology’s new Special Projects Division, a think-tank and research section whose objective is to make bigger and better weapons of mass destruction through technological and thaumaturgical means. And a fact that should surprise no one, Special Projects was the key in finally figuring out how to make the Harvesters functional.

And while I think he should get a bullet in the brain for that alone, I’m obligated to tell the truth about the rest. Despite being complicit in the Disians’ plans for the Sixth World, he wasn’t fully on board. Unlike most of the Aztechnology leadership, Salazar saw the writing on the wall and tried to do something about it … and he was ignored.

Yeah, not something you should do to someone like Salazar—his ego couldn’t handle it.

Despite helping develop the Harvesters, and later the mobile versions, Salazar eventually did what any level-headed person would do: He staged an internal coup and murdered anyone who stood in his way. Given what I personally know about Salazar, I’d put good money on him already planning on doing something like this. When Aztechnology president Flavia de la Rosa and most of Aztechnology’s board of directors were killed during the

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



Skyhook tragedy, Salazar was able to move in and claim the *ahem* interim CEO spot (for the good of the company, of course).

- Oh yeah, total coincidence. Fragging shame too. I’m all torn up about the Aztechnology board.

- Slamm-0!

But that was easier said than done. There were scores of Disian proxies still embedded within Aztechnology, especially in the Antarctica facility that housed the locus. Now, what Salazar did next was just as much to save his own skin as anyone else’s. Mere hours before the Final Project was about to kick off and the Defenders initiated their counter-operations, Salazar managed to contact our people and pass on information regarding the exact locations of all Mobile Harvesters, how to get people into the Antarctic facility, and how to safely access the Harvester security systems; even though we’d already figured that last part out.

- Yeah, seems that the son of a Grey Cell shadowrunner had already figured out the final piece of the code, or at least found a workaround; I never got the full story. Nice to have confirmation though.

- Electric Blue

Once the dust settled, Salazar was firmly in charge of one of the most powerful megacorporations in the world and free to remake it in his own image. I don’t know what he has planned for his newfound power, but I’ll guarantee one thing, it won’t be good for _anyone_ .
