---
id: LH-0034
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Maps and Magic Words
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Maps and Magic Words

The Defenders and Project Nemesis received an invaluable tool when a defecting Wuxing agent

Despite being in a superior strategic position, data indicates the Disians consider the situation dire enough that they’re no longer relying solely on their “allies” from the material plane to complete the Final Project. As such, they’ve taken more direct control of matters.



From what we know about Disian society, having to directly involve themselves is considered a grave insult. Their standard methodology is literally suckering the intelligent species of the targeted metaplane to do most of the work for them. Being able to accomplish goals and objectives through proxies is considered a great feat and increases a Disian’s status in their society. Failure by their proxies is not an option. The Disians also escalate the levels of death and destruction against the target to achieve their goals and remove the “taint” (or what we would consider dishonor) from their energy.

Yes, that’s a direct quote. This coincides with the increase in reported Disian sightings and the number of known Faustians. The Disians are not only taking matters directly into their hands, but they’re also creating more Faustians; the only beings they currently seem to implicitly trust on the material plane.

- I was wondering why you were in the hospital. I’m glad you survived, mi amigo.

- Picador
