---
id: LH-0308
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Colonel Nathan McCord (Rifleman) - Posted by: Colonel Cobra'
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Colonel Nathan McCord (Rifleman)

## Posted by: Colonel Cobra

- Formerly considered a “catch all” or workhorse unit, El Cuadrilla is currently modeled after the old U.S. Army’s Seventy-Fifth Ranger Regiments. As such they’re a highly mobile, direct-action force specializing in assaults or supporting SF-type units.

- **>** Fianchetto

- Basically, they’re experts in fragging drek up.

- Hard Exit

After the Amazonian War, Cabrera transitioned from the field to staff duty with an eye on eventual retirement. But instead, she joined up with her

Most of us in the merc biz know Colonel McCord, also known as Rifleman. His career and exploits are … well, they’re something. And if I try and use adjectives like “legendary,” he’ll kick my hoop.

Starting his merc career at sixteen by working the armory in his father’s command (the Sixty-First Independent Rangers), McCord was placed in a recon platoon by eighteen. When the Azzies murdered his father and most of the Sixty-First for _not_ slaughtering innocents, McCord and other survivors found refuge in the shadows. Eventually, he reformed the Sixty-First under the monikerof “Bravo Company” and fought in several campaigns and wars against the Azzies. Then the fun stuff started.

When Atticus Cole (a.k.a. Ringmaster) resurrected himself and formed Grey Cell, McCord and the Sixty-First were at the top of his recruitment list because the two had history going back to the ’60s. After (allegedly) coldcocking Cole for making him think he was dead, McCord signed up and helped organize Grey Cell’s offensive assets. He was also the one who created the razor team concept to more effectively counter the Disian threat. Until the Week of Death, McCord was in charge of coordinating Grey Cell combat operations, and he hated it. After that, he handed off that job to his unit XO, Faith Raddick, so he could form the Sixty-First’s Task Force 304, consisting of two razor detachments (ODR-114 and -116) and his personal command team. Cole wasn’t exactly happy about it, but he knew better than to try and stop McCord.

- I get this is the short version. But you forgot that the Sixty-First also led the charge and saw heavy action during the Battle of Detroit.

- Shockwave

- Also missing a few other things. Ah, well, doesn’t matter.

- Wyrm Watcher

- Also forgot to mention that the Sixty-First and the SeventySeventh IR were responsible for the McClure extraction. That op was wiz!

- Electric Blue

- Normally, Picador would be irritated at that kind of information breach, but it’s nice for her to finally get some recognition. And it was a damn wiz op.

- Point Guard

From there, TF-304 started crisscrossing the globe, wrecking Disian drek whenever and wherever they could find it. They were the first to discover the Disian Mobile Harvesters _and_ were unfortunate enough to be the first to encounter a Disian war form. Almost half the Task Force was killed before taking the Disian down. After that mission, Colonel McCord was reportedly severely injured and required several weeks to recover. He was, however, part of _Operation: Rampart_ and was instrumental in the taking of Site Triple-Zero, the Disian’s main stronghold in Pennsylvania.

Since then, Colonel McCord has kept a low profile and is currently helping former members of the disbanded Grey Cell integrate into new positions within the Draco Foundation.

- Much respect for the Colonel, but there were rumors going around that he was somehow infected by the Disian he killed, that he kept hearing Disian voices in his head or something, that

he’d become some kind of liability or possibly a double-agent. I heard he lost TF-304 and his command, but somehow managed to be a part of Rampart.

**>** Bangswitch

- It’s amazing to see what people write about you, as well as how much they get wrong … and right.

- **>** Rifleman
