---
id: LH-0053
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Government Power Projection
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Government Power Projection

Updated by: Torrent \<04-16-83/1313:08>

As previously stated, government forces have been intentionally kept out of the current conflict for the most part. But as the Disians seem to be growing more desperate to secure their plans, more and more of their proxies in national governments are stepping in to deploy military assets against Defender forces. Even though this has been on a limited scale so far, it represents a paradigm shift in the fighting and, if escalated, could pose a significant threat to all Defender operations.

- Yeah, I don’t care how frag-fire-lethal you are, none of us are going to be able to hold back if someone like the UCAS, CAS, UK, or any standing army gets serious and sends in an entire division or some drek.

- Chainmaker

- Frag me with a chainsaw. I knew it was only a matter of time before the big guns were called in. Was fun while it lasted.

- **>** X-Prime

- Throttle back. I got contacts in the IMA who have contacts in the UCAS military. It’s not as bad as you think. Still kind of bad though.

- Cayman

- Let’s not forget about mercs, because who really has standing armies anymore? But unless your unit name has the number “2000” in it, you’re fragged.

- Stone

- I take exception to that. And **that** situation is a lot more nuanced than most people know about. But there’s more in another section of this file.

- Picador
