---
id: LH-0256
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Rage Against the Dying Light - Posted by: Torrent \<06-17-83/0035:00'
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rage Against the Dying Light

## Posted by: Torrent \<06-17-83/0035:00

Days after the Skyhook tragedy, a new Disian offensive spearheaded by Aztechnology has begun, even as manastorms in several regions are starting. Similar in scope and tactics as the Week of Death, there are three main differences between this and the previous WOD offensive.

First, the coordination isn’t as precise and organized as before. Instead of one massive push to catch their targets off-guard, units are being deployed piecemeal, some with little-to-no support from local governments or LEPs. It’s almost as if combat units are immediately deployed as soon as they’re assembled, like there’s no overall plan or objective other than to strike at the nearest target.

- I’m no military tactician, but this latest round seems like more of a knee-jerk reaction, lashing out at whoever they can, not because it makes sense, but out of anger.

- Stone \<06-18-83/1125:34>

- Aztechnology’s president just got geeked, you think they’re not gonna do something?

- Knucklebuster \<06-19-83/1257:02>

- Still, this is way out of character for Aztechnology. Something else is going on.

- Pyramid Watcher \<06-22-83/1647:01>

Second, with most Disian forces having taken up a more defensive posture, the attacking forces don’t have the same level of support as they had before. Aztechnology and their direct allies are pretty much leading the charge on this one _and_ taking the brunt of the damage.

This brings us to the third reason, that we’re ready for something like this and have initiated our contingency plans. The Week of Death put us on notice, and we weren’t going to be sucker-punched again. As a result, we’re on more of an equal footing, and for the most part, we’re holding the attackers at bay. The problem is, since Aztechnology has pretty much picked this fight, if MCT, Wuxing, or Ghost forbid both, decide to reinforce Aztechnology, the situation could quickly change.

- Anyone else still alive? Got fragging quiet in here.

- Brutus Ex-Mechina \<07-06-83/0411:08>

Godspeed and good hunting.



- Most of us are kind of busy. But looks like the enemy has pulled back.

- **>** Scattershot \<07-09-83/0411:08>

- Yep. But I’m still worried that fence-sitters such as S-K or Shiawase will suddenly decide to make their presence known. Depending on whether they side with us or against us, things could get really ugly, really fast.

- Hard Exit \<07-10-83/1115:36>

**Update From Big Top \<07-18-83/1200:00>** _Operations: Seraphim_ and _Data Bomber_ have been enacted, _Operations: Checkpoint_ mobilizing, _White Fury_ still en route. Those assigned to assist are to immediately assemble at designated raaaaally po0iiiiNT E2#!&!!!!33
