---
id: LH-0158
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Conclusion - Posted by: Flatline'
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Conclusion

## Posted by: Flatline

One might be wondering what can be taken away from this, when the veneer of lies is wiped clean to reveal the truth beneath. Did Nico fall from grace, or shatter the shackles she wore so well?

Use this information where you can, how you can. Not all within the megacorps succumb to the veils of ignorance. But weighted words are powerful tools for those who seek not to make the hard decisions of life. They can offer false solace, when the weight of responsibility seems too heavy a burden to wear. MCT, like many megas, offers to shoulder that burden if you but submit and follow.

Megacorps like MCT need to keep the yoke firmly held tight, and we can see how it is done so seamlessly: propaganda, controlled media consumption, elevated posturing, psychological treatments, and in some cases, even pharmaceuticals. Sever the head of but one of these, and two more will sprout up, just like the fabled hydra. To make a wageslave see the truth, one must strike at the heart of the individual. It is up to them, in the end, if they want to believe.

Maybe the Disians will take me, maybe the chimeras. But Greigh will come. And then that will be the end of Nico Suzume.

I want to say that scares me, but with the death of all that I loved, I am simply numb.

So let them come. Let this be the end of Nico Suzume. I don’t care anymore.

I just wish I could’ve been there with my parents, at the end.

Why didn’t I just go?

- Called it!

> Spume

- That’s hardly confirmation, and really in poor taste. This is a tragedy. Nico-san sees the light, only to be taken out right afterward.

- Knick Knack

- It may be a tragedy, but war doesn’t have time for feelings **.** We either succeed or the Sixth World dies. At least we now have another Faustian identified, and with any luck, one of us might be able to get some vengeance for young Nico very, very soon.

- Ringmaster

- If she’s still alive, the Brethren could perform an extraction. I kinda like this kid.

- Serapion

Cases like Nico are rare, but let it bring comfort that even in the shadows, the truth has a way of sifting through the seams.

The fate of the Sixth World is in the hands of those who dance in the darkness.

Let’s prove we’re worthy of it.

- Whatever happened to Nico-san? Did they take her? Put her in a Harvester?

- Spume

- Nico Suzume died the day the Skyhook fell. Like many in the tragedy, most of her body was not recovered, presumed crushed in the debris. All that was found was the smallest piece of her DNA, and her MCT security tracker.

- Ronin-Belle

- Wait a tick …

- Spume

- I have questions! So many questions!

- Mink

- Well-played. Well-played, indeed.

- Fianchetto




**==> picture [612 x 423] intentionally omitted \<==**
