---
id: LH-0110
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Otherworlds - Posted by: Ethernaut'
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Otherworlds

## Posted by: Ethernaut

Since other known planar travelers are tied up elsewhere, I was asked to update what I could. I can confirm three relocation operations have been underway since the end of February. The destinations are well-guarded secrets, but many rumors going around give rise to pockets within the Kin and Beast planes. As the political miasma that is the Seelie Court has seen recent upheavals, it should come as no surprise that those faeries who consider themselves unaffiliated to them or the Unseelie are also said to be working on a fourth locaThis posting is brief because we know people are asking. If everything on Earth is going to die, why don’t people simply leave the planet? It’s a great idea if you aren’t Awakened. It would probably be much better option if most megacorporations hadn’t enacted the multitude of restrictions regarding space travel.

Regardless of these restrictions, space travel is still happening. The number of metahuman assignments going into space has increased in the past few months, and several smaller habitats have reached their support limits already. Larger orbital locations like Shibanokuji are also nearing their capacity limits. For the supporting corporations, this has been better than space mining. The more people who travel into space, the more foodstuff and atmospheric support is needed. Federated-Boeing and Golden Condor have filled in gaps where they’re able, but TransOrbital is making the most profit from this. It should be noted however that TO’s accident ratio, related to declining maintenance, is rising.

- Yeah, so there you go. Get off the planet, avoid the Great Siphon, and blow up en route to that Freefall Resort or the Skyhook!

- **>** Slamm-0!
