---
id: LH-0160
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: BATTLES WITHIN SHADOWS
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BATTLES WITHIN SHADOWS

- I honestly don’t know how to preface this. First, the shadows get sucker punched during the Week of Death. Then, just as we make some headway against the Harvester Network, we get Delta-41 and the Mobile Harvesters. And during all this, the Disians haven’t let up; there’s simply less of it in the news. We’re still hitting back, giving as good as we get with whatever we have left, but it’s a fragging mess out there. Trying to keep up with every fight and battlefront that’s going on is almost impossible at this point. But we’re going to do our best to keep up and post what we do know. And what we do know for sure is that we’re all battered, bloody, and fragging exhausted.

- Glitch \<04-21-83/0211:02>

- There’s a cliché from old flat-vids and trids that things have gotten quiet … too quiet. I don’t have exact figures, but based on chatter and personal accounts, Disian operations have slowed to a trickle. Some of us are using this as a chance to catch our breath and recover. Others are trying to press new advantages, mostly on the intelligence front. Some even think it’s over. I know that’s a load of drek because I’m still paying attention.

There are a few flare-ups, an occasional skirmish, but things are too damn quiet.

- Glitch \<05-05-83/2120:07>

- <Sticky> Update! Things are popping off! We still don’t know if this is the beginning of some new offensive or if the big show is finally about to start. And ***ERROR, ERROR*** \<<\<Intruder Alert! Intruder Alert! Security IC ACTIVATED>>> also been fighting cyberattacks across the board. JackPoint, Asgard, The Nexus, Frozen Shadows, even fragging ShadowSea (and so on) have been under regular attack and have fragged with our systems. We’ve managed to save most of it, but that also means that we’ve now got a lot of old and new data mixed in together randomly because frankly, we can’t devote the time and effort to cleaning it up. Self-defense and preservation take priority. So, watch the date/time stamps when they’re attached, and pay attention for any flash-updates. For now, we’re still open for business and will stay that way for as long as we can. Hope to see you all on the other side of this!

- Glitch \<06-21-83/1202:42>
