---
id: LH-0277
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Update 10: Aftermath'
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Update 10: Aftermath

\<07-22-83/0004:19>

I need to get this out before my adrenaline dumps and I pass out.

I’m on a MET2000 APC, and we’re racing away from Triple Zero to the rallying point. Thirty seconds ago, the charges went off and the place collapsed in on itself. The skies went crazy for a while, and I thought we were too late, but then it cleared. Still some ugly clouds and everything feels … off.

It took a while, and we did it under fire, but we made it.

Or at least some of us did. I’m sorry to report that in addition to approximately forty percent of the strike force, Colonel Carmen Lopez y Cabrera, also known as Picador, succumbed to her wounds as we evacuated. I was told the internal trauma was too great, that there was nothing medics could do. She downplayed her own injuries, made sure others got care first …

_*Sigh*_ I’m signing off now for a moment of silence.


Time For You to Go (Operation: Eviction Notice)


starting their power-up sequence. Once they reach a certain level, they start Harvesting, and that’s extremely dangerous to shut down, if not impossible.

Posted by: Sunshine \<07-21-83/0500:05>

I’ve been in a lot of places, covered a lot of stories, even seen my fair share of death in my career as a freelance reporter. But I’ve never had a frontrow seat to possible Armageddon.

I’m here in what can only be called the heart of the Defender Movement, their primary command center. Known simply as “The Big Top,” it’s responsible for running four separate command posts and multiple smaller ones at the same time. I’m in a special conference room with my own terminal, but I have a full view of the command-and-control operations center, which I’ll simply call CnC from here on out. It looks like something from super-scifi with cyberterminals, holo-projectors, and special isolation pods for combat hackers and information specialists.

Other reporters have been embedded with some of these operations, but I’ve been given special dispensation to be here, and I have limited access to real-time data in order to keep Defenders and our allies as up-to-date as possible on _Operation: Eviction Notice_ .

While other operations have a specific objective or a narrow focus, _Eviction Notice_ is the coordinated attack on the Harvester Network and all known Mobile Harvesters. Hundreds of battles, at locations across the globe, taking place simultaneously, none of them being fought the exact same way.

And at the heart of it all is Atticus “Ringmaster” Cole. How he’s able to take all this in and coordinate boggles my mind. I’m hoping that, if we live, I’ll get a chance to talk to him about all this. But before that, I’ve got work to do as the battle for the Sixth World’s survival is already underway.
