---
id: LH-0231
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: \<06-02-83/2348:12>
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## \<06-02-83/2348:12>

We didn’t want to risk the security teams locating and disarming the charges, so as soon as the team was clear, I hit the detonator. It was pretty satisfying to watch the cutting charges blast out the support columns and see the entire upper structure come crashing down. The C4 charges around the optical mainframe stacks went off a half-second later with enough power to lift it all back up, for a little while anyway, before it all crumbled into a cloud of dust.

Of course, kicking this hornet’s nest caused about what you would expect. The guards and the chimeras that were not taken out by the blast started hunting us down, and we could hear the warform stomping around nearby. It was a close thing, but we managed to get back to our extraction point intact. Swiss was waiting for us there, but no sign of Incubus or Spitfire. The Unseelie that helped get Swiss out assured us they would start looking for them as soon as possible, and I suppose there may be some hope they survived.

Unlike what happened in Paris, we didn’t really do anything that would prevent the device from being rebuilt there. This will, however, set them back quite a while, maybe so much so that they run out of time themselves. There is also some hope that the political situation in the Seelie Court has shifted enough that they won’t even get a chance to rebuild it. Either way, that’s all outside the scope of what a few runners can do.

**==> picture [17 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: LETHAL HARVEST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
