---
id: LH-0362
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Disian War Forms
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Disian War Forms

In the latter part of the Disian Shadow War, the Disians started to lose confidence in their material plane allies’ abilities to complete the Final Project. As such, and despite how much they despised the situation, they decided to take matters into their own hands and started to make their presence known on the front lines, much to the horror of many Defenders.

In essence, the Disian war form is a homunculus-style body inhabited by a Disian that acts as a custom set of combat armor. Each war form allows the user to stay on the material plane indefinitely and is specifically crafted to the user’s exact specifications and preferences, meaning there is no standard war form.

Reports describe some war forms as being exceptionally quick and agile, while others resembled hulking brutes that could swat trolls away like they were insects. There were even reports that some war forms resembled infiltrator chimeras and looked exactly like regular metahumans. In one instance, rumors suggest the Disian known as the Auditor fielded a war form that enhanced his ability to communicate with his forces, making him a walking command-and-control center.

Combined with their already considerable magical abilities while on the material plane, war forms made the Disians potent combatants … and a nightmare to behold. Because the war forms didn’t have standard physiologies, they could absorb a considerable amount of physical damage; and that’s _after_ getting past the scores of chimeras and Faustians at their command.

The war form’s only weakness was the Disian crystal and intricate “runes” carved somewhere on the forehead. While there’s no exact data to confirm this, the crystal-rune combination was thought to be a magical conduit or transceiver that allowed the Disian to access their powers from their home metaplane. If that could be destroyed by magical or … other means, the Disian inside was destroyed.

**Game Rules:** Because war forms are custom, they can look like anything the gamemaster deems appropriate for the situation. For stats, weapons, and abilities, use any chimera (p. 164—169, _Scotophobia_ ) or those listed below as proxies. Additionally, Disians in their war forms have an additional five physical and three mental attribute points to distribute. All Disians have a default Intelligence or Charisma (choose one) of 5.
