---
id: LH-0129
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Four Oyabun Rengo (New Ways)
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Four Oyabun Rengo (New Ways)

Mitsuhama Computer Technologies is far from the only company linked to the Yakuza, but it stands out as the only AAA megacorp where a group of four Oyabun (Samba Oi, Shin Yuruyasu, Saigusa Oguramaro, and Uehara Akae) were major stockholders. Known as the Four Oyabun Rengo, they collectively held the largest share block of MCT. Despite their sudden rise to immense wealth, these former syndicate leaders remained obligated to maintain ties with the Yakuza, unable to sever them completely.

While attempting to remain neutral amid ongoing ideological conflicts of the new and old ways, the Four Oyabun Rengo integrated what remained of their gumi into MCT or their personal staff, rendering them too influential for other Oyabun or rengo to challenge. Consequently, they paid little attention to the activities of other gumi and enPOCKETjoyed unparalleled autonomy while MCT engaged with any Yakuza, whose activities aligned with its own interests. Managers and Johnsons who weren’t part of the Four Oyabun gumi, however, had to be careful when engaging with the Yakuza as they lacked the same level of immunity.

In many ways, MCT used the Yakuza the same way the Yakuza uses shadowrunners—disrupting smaller competitors, orchestrating asset disappearances for insurance claims, offering protection during conflicts, and lucratively handling surplus goods. In return, Mitsuhama served as one of the world’s largest money laundering operations, converting the Yakuza’s illicit gains into corporate bonds and MCT scrip. Given its extraterritorial status, only the Corporate Court could halt such operations. Some less scrupulous managers used the Yakuza for acquiring metahuman test subjects, disposing of bodies and witnesses, and conducting field tests of new pharmaceuticals, spells, and weapons. Thus giving MCT one of the worst reputations on the streets.

For the Four Oyabun Rengo and their gumi, they were the kings of business and the shadows. I am not sure why, but those of the New Way started idolizing the Four Oyabun Rengo. The New Way embraced diversity, welcoming metahumans, magic-users, and technomancers. They looked at the Four Oyabun as the pinnacle of what the Yakuza could be. They are more focused on profit than traditional values, sometimes resorting to violence instead of negotiation. Regardless, their proactive approach helps them carve out new markets and challenge the established order of the Yakuza.

Unknown to the Four Oyabun Rengo, a faction within MCT and their gumi had allied themselves with the Disians. As members of MCT started to deal with Dis, some of the gumi of the Four Oyabun Rengo started to ask questions. At first, they were misdirected by their own family, but as time passed, even Samba Oi was starting to wonder what was going on. Knowing that time was short, the Disians developed a plan, and with the help of those within MCT, found an old clause in the original documents. Without any warning, they triggered the forced buyout of the shares owned by the Four Oyabun. The Four Oyabun Rengo left the board meeting, with Sambi Oi saying “ _Seiko o osameru hito to wa hito ga nagete kita renga de shikkari shita kiban o kizuku koto ga dekiru hito no koto de aru_ .” Or “A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.”

**>** So how much nuyen did they get from this?

**>** Glitch

**>** No one knows, but it’s safe to say A LOT!

**>** Jolene Price

Secretly, the Four Oyabun Rengo started looking for how MCT came up with the nuyen necessary to buy them out. At the same time, with the protection of MCT removed, many of the traditional Yakuza started moving against them. What no one had gathered was that MCT had just performed the largest nuyen laundering operation ever, they had cleaned all the nuyen of the Four Oyabun, making them some of the richest and “honest” businessmen in the Sixth World.

Though they couldn’t figure out how MCT acquired the nuyen, what they did learn was that a metaplanar group known as the Disians had infiltrated MCT, and it appeared they did so with the help of some within the company and their families. Anyone of the gumi who could be tracked to the Disians were considered “maigo,” which means “lost child.”
