---
id: LH-0234
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Posted by: Turbo Bunny \<06-22-2083/1313:45>'
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Posted by: Turbo Bunny \<06-22-2083/1313:45>

Well, if you’re gonna join the fight, coming in big ain’t a bad way to do it.

Kicking off the month, a fixer known to work with Reinadelmar (you know, the Sea Dragon) put together a string of contracts over the course of two weeks. I was asked to assist with global logistics and dealt with at least fifty operations in that timeframe. But that number only accounts for jobs that required border crossings. I’d estimate that in the span of those two weeks, that fixer orchestrated nearly 200 operations against the Disians, all at the behest of Reinadelmar, and while on her payroll.

Events were set into motion across the globe, all with the focus of taking out Disian agents and supply lines supporting Mobile Harvesters—in my opinion, those things are what spooked her enough to join in. Others had a solid line on taking out Harvesters, but these ops went after supply lines, hoping to slow and stop their production and implementation across the globe.

Antarctica was the only continent I didn’t set up work on, and I was told to stay away. Moving crews, equipment, and intel everywhere from Seattle’s urban blight in Puyallup, to the remote jungles of the Congo Republic, and even into the urban heart of Austin, Texas, CAS. Wherever Harvesters were going up, I was setting drek up to knock them down.

- Reina ain’t the only big player coming in late but going whole hog. Let me cast some light on some crazy shadow action that sent a buzz through the shadows of St. Louis this past week. The free city has been a hotbed of action with DocWagon’s rigs “stolen” en masse. This was a massive inside job that moved a ton of equipment into place for runners to steal and use for rigs to attack a Mobile Harvester convoy cruising near the Mississippi.

- ArchAngel

- So, was that a big bribe to DW (or OmniStar) from Reinadelmar? Or do you think it was just OmniStar finally playing the good guy?

- Stone

- I’m the wrong being to say this if it’s to be taken seriously, but I will. Anyone thinking OmniStar and Reinadelmar have been overlapping their interests of late? Seems an odd (and disturbing) coincidence.

- Plan 10
