---
id: LH-0428
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Cracks in the Shadows
page: 196
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cracks in the Shadows

There’s a polarizing force starting up in the shadows; I can see it already. Normally, biz is biz. You and another runner may find yourselves on different ends of it, maybe even try and kill each other over it. But when it’s all over, we go back to our mutual corners and keep things professional. Okay, not exactly, beefs and grudges happen all the time. But even then, there’s still been that underlying code of professionalism, that the shadows aren’t (usually) personal.

That’s starting to break, and I’m already starting to see the cracks.

The Defender Movement was exactly what we needed to help ensure our very survival. And when the fighting was over, it left a whole lot of people who bonded over some of the worst drek metahumanity has ever seen. But what happens when that fight is over, but that bond remains? Well, in this case people are finding new enemies to fight, even if they’re not really enemies, just people who most likely got caught on the wrong side of things.

A certain kind of tribalism is starting to take hold in the shadows between those who fought against the Disians and those who fought for them. On the surface level, that’s not really a problem. Most people don’t want to conduct biz or be around those who knowingly committed or assisted with mass murder and several other categories of horrific crimes. That I get.

But the situation is also nuanced. There’s a large portion of the shadows who didn’t have a clue regarding who exactly they were working for and the extent of the damage they’d done. To them, it was simply another job. Sure, some are flat-out lying or using it as a bulldrek excuse, but there are honestly those who didn’t know until the very end. And there’s a growing number of those on the anti-Dis side who don’t care and are taking their frustrations out on anyone they _think_ was pro-Dis.

Let that and _all_ it implies sink in. History is rife with things that have been taken too far. And now it looks like that mentality may be creeping into the shadows.

I honestly hope I’m wrong on this. And I’ll also admit, I’m seriously conflicted with how I feel. I want those who willingly aided and abetted the Disians and their proxies to pay for what they did. But at the same time, I know how the shadows can be, where decent enough people become pawns and are legit duped into some bad drek or no-win scenarios.

This is a question that’s not going to be answered here. I simply think it’s something we should be aware of. I also think that every one of us needs to take a long, hard look inside ourselves and figure out exactly where we stand on things— before someone does it for us.
