---
id: LH-0251
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Skyhook Tragedy a Terrorist Attack! - By Lew Steinbush, NewsPulse LIVE! \<06-15-83/1801:03>
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Skyhook Tragedy a Terrorist Attack!

## By Lew Steinbush, NewsPulse LIVE! \<06-15-83/1801:03>

In the wake of the tragedy at the Skyhook Orbital Space Elevator, new information has come to light that the destruction and tragic loss of life were not the result of an unfortunate set of circumstances, but a direct attack against Aztechnology by terrorist forces!

- Oh, frag! Here we go again!

- Slamm-0! \<06-15-83/1815:22>

- Drek is popping off … again. Aztechnology, backed by some mercs who were given special dispensation from the UN and IMA, have begun launching retaliatory strikes against targets in North and South America with rumors indicating they’re planning for more. Some of them are Defender-related, some of them aren’t. Something is going on with Aztechnology, and it’s not just about the war.

- Pyramid Watcher \<06-17-83/1919:45>

- Not just with them. Every mercenary (not incarcerated) in Lisbon has basically left by whatever means necessary. Similar scenes are playing out across the globe. Those who tried to stop them—well, let’s just say that most were smart and let the fully armed (and slotted-off) mercs go. Those who didn’t … anyway, it’s a mercenary mass exodus. MET2000, Tsunami, 22nd Spartan Legion, Combat Inc., 10,000 Daggers, The Free Marine Corps, the 180th Independent Air Regiment; all the heavy hitters and countless independents not already engaged somewhere have fragged off to Ghost-knows-where in the wake of this new bulldrek.

- Colonel Cobra \<06-17-83/1921:30>

- Anyone else notice the increase of manastorms worldwide, at the same fragging time?

- Ecotope \<06-12-83/2116:51>

- And a lot of governments are low-key freaking out right now, recalling people to their bases and putting their military forces on alert status.

- Kay St. Irregular \<06-14-83/1546:22>

- Perfect.

- Torrent

New information obtained by independent investigators show that explosive charges were strategically placed on both Waypoint Observatory and Skyhook itself. These charges were designed to look like debris strikes while simultaneously ensuring Waypoint’s destruction. Evidence
