---
id: LH-0393
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'MCT: Goliath Falls - Posted by: Ire'
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## MCT: Goliath Falls

## Posted by: Ire

MCT is a textbook example of a Faustian bargain. They signed, sealed, and delivered their own demise in this war, and now they have to face real consequences. They had better have a secret trove of rabbits’ feet, or these next few months are going to finish reshaping their corporate landscape like a bulldozer running through a house of cards. This

is going to make NeoNET going down for CFD look like a slap on the wrist.

They’re going to lose a lot of zeros from their value, but I don’t think this is going to cost them their third A or dismantle them entirely. Why? Well, let’s take a look.

First and foremost, corporate restructuring— there is no Mitsuhama in MCT anymore. It’s not finalized, but expect to see a brand and naming change across the board with the megacorporation being solely known as MCT.

- This one is debatable. There are a lot of internal shakeups going on and this is a possibility, but we can’t claim it as a fact yet.

- **>** Corporate Raiders

As we’ve watched MCT rise to the top and laud their newfound power over everyone, no one (except their investors) was too upset when they got their comeuppance. It was a fast fall, but still slow enough to make bank on the panic in the shadows. Let me offer up a quick recap on how they dropped, and then I need to talk about their future after backing the wrong horse and pissing off the wrong shareholders.
