---
id: LH-0315
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Sergeant Wade Toussaint (Liberator) - Posted by: Deadline'
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sergeant Wade Toussaint (Liberator)

## Posted by: Deadline

Sergeant Toussaint is proof that life is sometimes stranger than fiction.

Born in the New York sprawl, Toussaint escaped abject poverty by joining the UCAS Army at age seventeen. Assigned to the First Platoon, Charlie Company, Twenty-First Armored Infantry Regiment as part of III Corps, Toussaint quickly rose to the rank of sergeant. He was respected for his down-to-earth personality and ability to shield his troops from the bulldrek decisions the officers usually made.

Unfortunately, he was unable to protect them from being kidnapped and mutilated by the Disians. Like the rest of III Corps, Toussiant was nothing more than an offering, raw material for new chimeras. Toussiant was made into a patchwork-type chimera, able to remove limbs and replace them for whatever his mission required. And while his physical being was completely changed, his mind wasn’t. For some unknown reason, the mental reprogramming and conditioning didn’t fully take and Toussiant was able to retain all his memories. Normally, such chimeras were killed on discovery—instead, a high-ranking Disian took possession of Toussiant and used his memories to learn more about how the material plane’s warriors fought.

Realizing his situation, Toussiant played along as the dutiful servant, all the while secretly searching for others like him. Eventually he found several dozen, and in secret, they planned their escape back to the material plane. Sometime in May 2081, Toussiant and several dozen chimeras attempted to use a metaplanar portal just as a Disian delegation passed through. Ninety-four chimeras made it to the material plane, but they were scattered across the globe. Only sixty-six survived the transition.

Eventually Toussiant made his way back home to New York, followed by a team of shadowrunners and other chimeras. After a brief battle, Toussiant was extremely injured but managed to enlist the aid of his sister, a street samurai named Onyx, and Sully, a cabbie and part-time fixer. The three managed not only to deal with the Disian runners and chimeras, but also got the attention of one Atticus Cole of Grey Cell.

From there, Toussiant was able to provide the most detailed information about the Disians andtheir plans to date. But his contributions to Grey Cell didn’t end there. He proposed an idea to Cole: seek out any chimeras like himself who had already made it to the material plane and attempt to get them to defect. It was a bold idea that bordered on insanity, and of course Cole approved. Over the next year, Toussiant and a select team of specialists slowly but surely found scores of these “liberated” chimeras and brought them into the Defender fold to fight against their former oppressors.

- Which at first presented a problem. What to do, or more accurately, where to send these newly liberated chimeras? Turns out the answer was simple; those who could fight went to select mercenary units like my Iron Cavalry, where they fit in quite nicely and fought with a fervor I have seldom seen in a warrior. As for Sergeant Toussiant, he became known as “Liberator.”

- Iron Cav Actual

Given his unique status, Toussiant’s movement and activities were one of Grey Cell’s highest-kept secrets. Throughout the war, he never stopped looking for more chimeras to free. He was allegedly part of the task force that assaulted Site Triple-Zero, but that hasn’t been confirmed.

After the war, Toussiant and a few other chimeras went off-grid in some remote part of the world, but their exact location is currently unknown.

- I know some won’t abide this request, but … leave Toussiant and his people alone. They’ve been through horrors none of us can imagine. They need time and space to figure out their place in the world as well as fight their own personal demons, just like the rest of us.

- Rifleman

**>** I found no trace of stolen data that would prove S-K’s allegations. Sometimes, you don’t need to back your slander up and you can simply point your finger and let bigotry finish the job for you. **>** Sim-Eon

In the last few months, Aziz got so annoyed (not much of a stretch for him), he decided to escalate the situation. He sent the infamous mercenary company, 10,000 Daggers, with the assistance of various runners, to make examples out of any valuable S-K operatives they could find.
