---
id: LH-0153
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: JOURNAL ENTRY FOURTEEN \<03-19-83/1632:23>
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **JOURNAL ENTRY FOURTEEN \<03-19-83/1632:23>**

It took a while, but today, I summoned the courage to ask where Hamita-san was transferred. My new lead simply said I didn’t need to know, and not to ask stupid questions. I asked about her family. She had a wife and a surrogate child. Were they transferred, too? Greigh-san said they were “compensated.” What the frag does that mean?

He also took my issued cyberdeck for routine inspection, and re-issued me a new one, one where he could oversee my productivity at all hours. I’m so glad I transferred my journals from it and scrubbed the deck of anything related to my “dalliances.” I’m supposed to report tomorrow at 0400 for a mandatory roll call and a “specialized training” regarding what MCT represents and where I fit within the company.

Frankly, it’s been an awful day. But I received one bit of good news: My father officially retired from being a mariner.

He took a part-time job as a foreman doing maintenance on the Skyhook space elevator! This was rather sudden, but he seemed happy. They even offered my parents a small apartment close to work with a nice view and a ton of amenities. I’m sad that after rekindling our relationship, they’re going to be moving away, but at the same time, this is great news for them.

Plus, it’s the Skyhook! How wiz is that?

I only wish I could’ve told Hamita-san the good news. She’s always been willing to listen to my family drama and offer support. She was a friend, and I miss her. I really hope nothing terrible has happened, and that these dreaded thoughts are only a symptom of spending too much time listening to that kibble on the shadow boards.

- If our girl only knew about Harvesters.

**>** Goombah
