---
id: LH-0209
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'ERROR, ERROR \<<\<INTRUDER DETECTED! SECURITY IC ENGAGED>>> 11.1 Mp deleted
  by UNKNOWN USERS - UNKNOWN USERS, EJECTED by: SysOp-01'
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## *****ERROR, ERROR*** \<<\<INTRUDER DETECTED! SECURITY IC ENGAGED>>> 11.1 Mp deleted by UNKNOWN USERS**

## *****UNKNOWN USERS, EJECTED by: SysOp-01*****

- Damn, that was too close.

privately. Many of them had family connections in the surrounding communities, so we relocated them within the Trans-Siberian corridor in Yakut. The Hellcats also worked as escorts for humanitarian aid because the Amur Tigers were raiding supplies sent by our neighbors.

I’m a paws-on cat, so I joined the recon groups and the occasional supply strike from our base west of Baikal. We confronted Saban Zaga forces and discovered they were supported by Disian agents and chimeras. It was February by this time, and the pressure from the opposition was rising. I realized my homeland may have been harboring a stronghold for those _parasites_ for years now, maybe decades. It was hard to tell, as the White Wizard’s existence had been impossible to confirm up until this point. I understood how deep this problem would be for us and, by extension, everyone else.

I did, however, have an ace up my proverbial sleeve: the Refugee.

- What do you mean you had the Refugee?

- Clockwork

- Ambassador Marko was among those who extracted me from my prison in Moscow last year, and later when the Black Lodge took me to Denver. Unlike my original captors or the Lodge, he heard me out and offered me asylum within Yakut, provided I answered questions and did whatever I was asked without hesitation. It was a binding pact, and I was not foolish enough to challenge it. He and others severed the ties that had made me a prisoner of the Disians for more time than I can measure. I am not entirely free, but knowing I can finally work against my former captors is a welcome sensation.

- Refugee

His role as an astral cartographer for the Disians was useful. He also has a wealth of knowledge regarding how they exist. Like the shedim I encountered in DeeCee, they can jump to other prepared shells at secure locations. This has made astral fast-tracking a useful skill. We started looking for the true Disians in locations with these homunculus-like backups. This led us to what G-Nome will discuss.
