---
id: LH-0326
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Toxins, Drugs, and Diseases - rEVOlution Arms Gorgon Vapor Gun
page: 162
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Toxins, Drugs, and Diseases

## rEVOlution Arms Gorgon Vapor Gun

The Gorgon is a product of rEVOlution Arms designed to shoot jets of aerosolized liquids in a controlled pattern similar to a flamethrower’s attack. Typically, this vapor jet is either a DMSO / toxin cocktail, other liquids with a Contact or Inhalation vector (Spell Stripper being a current favorite), or even a biological agent such as FAB. The Gorgon can also use its proprietary solventin a mixture that slows down the release of gaseous toxins, producing a controlled area of effect instead of a normal wide dispersal pattern.

**Game Rules:** The Gorgon uses a spray attack that acts similarly to a flamethrower’s sweeping attack to deliver a blast of aerosolized mist that envelops everyone along a targeted ten-meter spray path. As with most rEVOlution Arms weapons, a wild die is required with the attack roll, outside of the straight attack option for spray attacks. Unlike a gas attack, the chemical cloud of a vapor gun is more stable, and targets are either inside the aerosolized vapor cloud and subject to the full effect, or outside of it and aren’t affected. There are no half or quarter effects and no concentration buildup. As the toxin is the cause of the weapon’s damage, net hits beyond what is required to hit have no effect. Aerosol clouds last for ten rounds in still air, or only a single round in high winds, and then disperse or fall to the ground and are no longer effective.

The rifle-sized Gorgon has 2 two-liter ammo tanks mounted directly on its frame, or you can instead attach hoses from a backpack system carrying 8 tanks. The Gorgon comes with a smartgun system incorporating a tank selector that allows the user to switch the tank used for an attack as a bonus free action. Each two-liter tank is good for two spray attacks, and if desired, each tank can hold a different substance. A tank can hold 2 one-liter doses of FAB, forty doses of DMSO that contain a drug or toxin, one liter of the Gorgon Solvent plus forty doses of a liquid toxin, or two liters of the Gorgon Solvent plus forty doses of a gaseous toxin. The base weapon and the backpack carrier both come with empty reusable tanks that must be filled by the user. Spare tanks are also always sold empty.
