---
id: LH-0113
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Ares: This is Fine, Everything Is Fine'
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares: This is Fine, Everything Is Fine

So, we’ve briefed everyone in a previous section on Ares’ subsidiary, Ares Seattle, and the work they’re doing. Now we’re talking about Ares proper. And the best way to describe them is literally business as usual, which is kind of unusual. Now that CEO Michael Bishop has the reins firmly in hand, all operations and subsidiaries are conducting business as if nothing else is happening and it’s just another day at the office and nothing bad is going on.

As of this posting, Ares factories are operational, their entertainment subsidiaries are still producing, and Knight Errant is still busy cracking skulls on the streets. If there wasn’t a shadow war and natural disasters going on, no one would be batting an eye at any of this. It’s as if Ares were making a concerted effort to ignore everything that’s going on.

From the outside looking in, that’s concerning. But here’s the thing: Things aren’t as they seem. On the manufacturing side of things, Ares has nev-

- Mr. Bonds

- Something else to note. Lots of Ares fixers and Mr. Johnsons have been doing a lot of hiring lately. Jobs of all kinds, but a lot of paramilitary and mercenary types seem to be the main item on the menu.

- Cool Hand Duke

- Interesting, considering the IMA’s hiring freeze is still in effect.

- Hard Exit

- Like people are going to care about that.

- Stone

But what’s getting people’s attention regarding everything that’s not happening with Ares, is their corporate military forces have all but vanished. Oh, sorry, “have demobilized for an extensive reorganization.” Yeah, like we haven’t heard that one before; same thing happened just before drek went down in Detroit. Needless to say, this has caused a bit of … concern, and there’s speculation because the moving, or an apparent lack thereof, of a significant corporate force tends to attract attention. Bishop himself has reiterated that Ares Corporate Military Forces are still reorganizing and restructuring and will be for the next several months at least.

Again, we’ve seen this play before. That makes the next question: is whatever Ares is up to meant to help us, frag us, or desert us?

- Not sure how this fits into anything, but Ares was apparently looking for anything related to their “Devices” tech, and anything related to Disian metaplanar tech and magic. And on a related note, it seems that Ares is cracking down hard on anyone who looks too deep into what they’re doing, to the degree and
