---
id: LH-0050
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Fallout and Coverup
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fallout and Coverup

Not wanting to meet the same fate and pay the “penance” that Aztechnology did, Wuxing went into overdrive to cover up the fact that they too had suffered a massive data breach. Thankfully for them, the Disians were busy with other issues, such as the havoc caused by the Defenders, to really notice the betrayal. It also helped that, for the most part, Wuxing had already fulfilled their end of the bargain and were tasked with supporting Aztechnology and MCT as needed, or rather, instructed; the two were desperate to show they could handle things themselves. So, Wuxing was basically told by the Disians to wait for further instructions.

But their deception is a precarious one. Currently, Wuxing’s greatest fear is that their house of cards will come falling down, and with it, the wrath of the Disians. According to intelligence reports and rumors, it’s this paranoia that President Chiang-Wu has been weaponizing against those still loyal to (yet deathly afraid of) the Disians within her corporation. Since the defector’s extraction, Chiang-Wu has been playing a dangerous game: keeping the threat of Disian retaliation in the forefront of her enemy’s minds while putting her own people in a position to remove those she considers traitors to Wuxing. She does all of this while maintaining the charade that she is still loyal to the Disians. It’s a dangerous gambit, as even she is not safe from removal should her real loyalties become known.
