---
id: LH-0264
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Cutting Puppet Strings
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cutting Puppet Strings

A lot of attention was given to Disian infiltration within the corps, but not so much about governmental infiltration. Let’s not forget what the UCAS did to III Corps. Those same people still hold positions of power, who could cause the Defenders a _lot_ of trouble if not dealt with in a timely manner.

So don’t be surprised when stories about people from across multiple governments suddenly come down with a sudden case of _missing_ or _dead_ . Anyway, storms are getting bad. I’m gonna find some place to hunker down.

- Not just in governments; several private individuals who are known Disian proxies or sympathizers and who could compromise the current Defender operations are also on the hit list. And yes, I have my own targets.

- Balladeer \<07-20-83/1756:01>

  - *****4 UNKNOWN USERS, EJECTED by: SysOp-02*****

- Nice! But what the frag was that code you used?

- Glitch \<07-20-83/2004:05>

- Something Captain Chaos taught me back in the day. Their systems won’t be able to read it, at least for a while, but I can. It won’t hold forever though.

- Bull \<07-20-83/2004:05>

- And we’re still losing data with every attack. Not just the current files, but the vaults too.

- Slamm-0! \<07-20-83/2004:25>

- Damn. Okay, Let’s compress all current datafiles and refortify before the next round.

- Glitch \<07-20-83/2004:55>

**Update From Big Top \<07-21-83/0004:25>** , All stations, priority alert, Harvester Network is beginning initial activation procedures! Repeat: Harvester Network is beginning initial activation procedures! All forces are to immediately commit! Master Key codes have been distributed, _use them_ !



- This is it, isn’t it? We’re fragged, aren’t we? I mean really fragged!

- Clockwork \<07-21-83/0010:01>

- The darkness and the light are balanced on the razor’s edge. Now we decide which way we will go.

- Many-Names \<07-21-83/0014:27>

- What the frag are Master Keys?

- Cool Hand Duke \<07-21-83/0019:49>

- Wait … no. Tell me they aren’t …

- Icarus \<07-21-83/0021:06>

- Disian traps no longer have teeth.

- Script Diver \<07-21-83/0024:18>

\<<<Incoming flash traffic>>>

**ID Authenticated/ \<07-21-83/0904:05> Re: Evo Corporate HQ is under attack!**
