---
id: LH-0397
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Renraku: Conquering Heroes? Or Tyrants? - Posted by: Sam-R-Eye'
page: 182
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Renraku: Conquering Heroes? Or Tyrants?

## Posted by: Sam-R-Eye

I’ve already talked about how tactically and strategically problematic Renraku has been throughout the shadow war. Some of the drek they pulled while fighting the Disians would have been considered war crimes if they’d been a national army or mercenary group.

And yet, they prospered.

Embracing the concept of Veni, Vidi, Vici (I came, I saw, I conquered), Renraku went into the shadow war looking for personal glory and spoils;

winning was simply a byproduct. They justified their brutality, especially against MCT—although they preferred actual Disian targets—by saying this was a matter of “honor.” In reality, it was nothing more than an excuse to obtain their objectives using any means at their disposal.

And frag me, it worked.

Through sheer brutality, Renraku destroyed Disian forces, wading into battle with reckless abandon; then sifted through the blood and wreckage to take anything and everything of value. They would literally steal from their enemies, or anyone unlucky enough to be in their way, only to use those spoils to then buy up large swaths of MCT assets from their corporate fire sales. More often than not, Renraku had more in common with the Mongol hordes than the samurai and code of bushido they so (supposedly) revere.

And no one bothered to try to stop them.

- So Renraku was completely brutal in their tactics, yet they helped us win. And all the other drek the Defender Movement did is okay. Can we stop with the bias and hypocrisy? What happened to “survive now, everything else later” that was constantly spewed around here?

- Borderline

- What. The. Frag. I’m trying to do the very thing you keep saying we should do, sounding the alarm on a corp’s bulldrek that, mark my words, will cause major fragging issues in the near future! Or do you simply have a pathological need to < **\<<TEXT DELETED by SysOp-01>>>**

- Sam-R-Eye

- War’s over, so knock off the fighting. You both have valid points, leave it at that and move on.

- Glitch
