---
id: LH-0375
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "\u201CThe Un-Awakening\u201D"
page: 174
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## “The Un-Awakening”

On July 24, the world saw magic start to go crazy. In retrospect, it all looked like the last spasms of a dying animal. At first it started small, a few glitches in spellcasting or rituals or spirits starting to panic like wild animals. But things rapidly escalated. In some areas, there was a sudden collapse of mana, leaving some mages in terrible positions. Other areas saw ebbs, but not enough to cause concern to the public (yet). In other places magic spiked dangerously before fizzling out. But on July 26, at exactly 0101:01 GMT, all magic in the Sixth World disappeared like the darkness at dawn, and the world was suddenly thrown on its head.

And when I said magic died, I mean that literally. Magic was _gone,_ like it never existed—kind of how I think the Fifth World was like _._

All spells that happened to be active at the time failed. Rituals that were in progress suddenly went dead. All magical wards ceased to exist. Foci, alchemical preparations, and reagents all lost their

power. Spirits suddenly disappeared from the material plane. Although some of the more powerful ones, such as free spirits, somehow managed to stay but were severely diminished and seemed like they were fading. But no matter how hard they tried, magicians couldn’t tap into or feel mana.

A great number of magicians throughout the world lost their drek and freaked the frag out; myself included, at least for a while. I mean, can you blame us? For some, a lifetime’s worth of hard work, study, and sacrifice was stripped from us.

Meanwhile, the rest of the world held their breath, wondering what fresh new catastrophe was coming next.

- Ghost, I remember that day. I was at my doss, punching the bag as hard as I could, and suddenly it felt like all my strength had been stripped away. Not only did I crack a few fingers in my hand, but I literally couldn’t move for days. Thankfully one of my best chummers, who’s a street sammy, stopped by to check on me and got me squared away.

- Treadle

- Same. Although thankfully I wasn’t on the job, I did drop my glass of forty-year-old scotch. Suddenly felt like I was moving through mud and my body felt like it weighed a ton. Although, it was … interesting not seeing the glowing in my eyes.

- **>** Rifleman

- Thankfully, Motor City was able to stay out of most of the fighting, but we got one serious light show. And maybe it was because, as a city, we were already used to this kind of thing, but most of us simply stood in the streets and waited for whatever was going to happen, to happen.

- Johnny Redline

- Other places weren’t so lucky. Both Tirs went on near complete lockdown, for example. We still don’t have a complete story on what happened there, but from the little that has come out so far, it was bad.

- Frosty
