---
id: LH-0032
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Harvester Network
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Harvester Network

While the Defenders have known about the Harvester Network for some time, we continue to learn more regarding how they operate and function.

First, a recap. The Harvester Network is a series of modules (known as Harvesters) that are designed to harmonize with and then drain the

THE DISIANS: ONenergy from the Earth’s manasphere through the planet’s ley lines. They must be placed on an active ley line—or within 0.25 kilometers of one if direct contact is infeasible. Second, we’ve obtained data regarding the network’s other components and how the entire system works.

The Harvesters are the primary mana collectors, but they’re also the mechanism for re-transmitting (for lack of a better word) mana to the Disian metaplane. But they can’t send all that raw magical energy directly back home—it needs to be properly channeled. To accomplish this task, the Disians plan on using Aztechnology’s Antarctic black site. We’re still working on obtaining the exact details as to how, but we believe it involves some kind of new magical technology, or maybe a previously undiscovered artifact. From there, we’ve estimated that it will somehow be processed and _then_ channeled directly into the Disian metaplane through one or possibly two additional stable metaplanar portals. Unfortunately, we’ve only confirmed one of them, but we’ve heard rumors regarding two more.

Regardless, securing the Antarctic facility is one of Project Nemesis’s primary objectives.

- Ye gods … it all makes sense now. After all this time, it makes sense! To any of the admins, I need to get a message to Ringmaster. This is urgent!

provided a copy of the Divine Map. The map indicated not only the ley lines the Disians planned on using, but also the locations and operational status of all known Harvesters at that time. While this data is technically out of date, projections indicate that as of this report, the Disians will be able to increase the number of completed Harvesters by only three percent.

Through analysis and simulations, it’s been determined that the key to stopping the Final Project isn’t about neutralizing every Harvester in the network—which would be both strategically _and_ logistically impossible with current assets—but simply neutralizing _enough of them_ . This is still a daunting task, however, as the Disians have largely pulled back into the aforementioned defensive posture.

This also leads to a more imminent problem— when individual Harvesters are taken, how can they be safely neutralized? The tragic incident near Fargo highlighted a massive intelligence failure. Post-incident analysis indicates this security fail-safe is part of the Harvester’s main operating system, which is coded in the Disian language. And while Defender cryptanalysts have been able to decipher approximately seventy percent of the Disian language, which has been instrumental in our successes, that remaining unknown represents a massive intelligence gap that needs to be filled, or all our operations will come to a grinding halt.

- Elijah

  - Frag. I thought Transys Neuronet had this one in hand.

- Check your inbox, I’ve set up a secure line.

  - Sam-R-Eye

- Glitch

- Care to share with the rest of the class? I mean, fate of the world and all that drek.

- Clockwork

- Nothing? Whatever then.

- Clockwork

- Mother fraggers. Supposed to be working together and some people around here are still hoarding information. This favoritism smells like bulldrek in the Texas sun.

- Flash-Banger

- Send me a message, chummer. We may have a lot to talk about.

  - They did—rather, they do, at least for the most part. What they’ve been able to accomplish in such a short amount of time should **not** be undervalued. From what I’ve seen, the Disian language is extremely fluid, almost as if there’s a component that can’t be locked down or fully translated by our means. So far, that’s the key to all this.

  - Netcat

  - I remember seeing something, somewhere, about Disian “memory crystals” being used like how we use the Matrix. What if the word memory is the key? How do you codify a memory or emotion around a phrase, or at least a representation attached to it? What if that’s what we’re missing?

  - Electric Blue

- Clockwork

  - Frag …

- Wait, did Clockwork just make a friend?

  - Icarus

- Pistons
