---
id: LH-0201
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: March 25, 2083
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## March 25, 2083

That wasn’t just a run, that was a sprint! I was right. Our John Doe was Tosh MacDonald. DNA confirmed, but there was no way anyone was IDing that desiccated husk as our guy. Problem is, we weren’t the only ones after him. I’ll hit ya with the why later, but first I need to talk about the terrifying who, or more apt, what, came for him.

This thing was nightmare fuel. I thought maybe it was some twisted spirit, but that wasn’t the aura I screened. It was definitely something metaplanar, not

JAPANESE IMPERIAL STATE: SWANa standard summoned spirit. We were a total stealth squad coming in and only snoozed two people, a guy and gal who were “working late.” Problem was, this thing was like a behemoth in a Stuffer Shack. We were a few meters from the morgue door when the first cadaver got chucked into it. Doors started screeching and we went loud and hot … for a quick second. Thing scared the straight drek out of half the team, damn para powers. When bullets started ricocheting off its thick hide we had to rethink our plan.

We were so ineffective while this thing kept ripping open the cold storage doors. It was three doors in when I finally noticed it was just grabbing every head, tearing it off, and stuffing them inside its hollow chest. Took me and our mage nearly sharing aneurysms to take this thing down with magic and we recovered the twelve severed heads. We had no way to play “pin the head on the dead guy,” and all twelve of the bodies were desiccated husks. So, since the heads were nearly interchangeable, we snagged the body with the right AR toe tag and took all the male human heads to be sure.

Now for the why. Our corpse had headware. A nearly undetectable delta-grade sim suite and data lock. The Mr. Johnson asked about the job, and we told him about the “thing.” It wasn’t going to be a quiet news day and he wanted it quiet, so we owed him that much. For our honesty he dropped some cryptic bombshell on us about some metaplanar threat called Disians. Told us all the husks were corpses used to fuel some doomsday machine. Total creep-out but I’m not fully buying in.

We got full pay for this, and I’m hitting the books and tossing some nuyen at my mentor to connect me with an artificer.
