---
id: LH-0385
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Current Status
page: 181
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Status

All things considered, Ares came out a lot better than other megacorporations did after the Disian Shadow War. While they suffered significant casualties and depleted a large part of their corporate forces and matériel during _Cheshire_ , their manufacturing infrastructure remained mostly intact. So, while it’ll take time to rebuild, they have the means to do so unimpeded, at least for now.

The one immediate problem Ares has, or rather Bishop himself, is how to deal with the wayward division that is Ares Seattle. For reasons not yet known, Bishop kept Karen King out of the _Cheshire_ loop. And as such, _his_ actions led to _King’s_ actions in Seattle. While this turned out to be a massive boon for the Defender movement, there have been reports that King was slotted off after she found out about _Cheshire_ , to put it mildly.

- Yeah, slotted is putting it mildly. I’ve heard that Bishop recently traveled to Seattle to discuss bringing Ares Seattle back into the corporate fold, only for King to answer by dislocating his jaw with a right cross.

- Sounder

As it stands right now, Bishop is content to let King and Ares Seattle be for the time being. But losing such a large division only hurts the corporation in the long run. So, the main question becomes: Does Bishop try and make a deal with King, force King out and reclaim Ares Seattle, or something else?

- If Knight were still alive, he would have already had King’s hoop in a sling. But that’s not Bishop’s style. He’s more of a negotiator than Knight, so it will be interesting to see what he does here in Seattle.

- Slamm-0!

- Few of my friends in Seattle say that King is looking to claim Ares Seattle for herself and use it as a basis for something new. That’s what’s interesting.

- Red


Aztechnology: True Survivors


- Keep your eye on the CC. The golden ticket may not have the power it once had for much longer.

- Mr. Bonds

Even when they fall into deep drek, they still manage to come out smelling like roses in the end.

We’ve since learned that Aztechnology was the first corporation to be contacted by and allied with the Disians, possibly going back over twenty years. We’ve also learned why former president Flavia de la Rosa was so adamant about repairing and maintaining relations with the Disians despite all the punitive measures the Disians imposed on the corporation. Turns out the Disians promised to use their vast powers and bio-engineering knowledge to bring her long-deceased family back from the dead. Whether or not the Disians could actually pull it off is immaterial; de la Rosa bought into the deal and was determined to stay that course until the bitter end.

Then Skyhook happened and suddenly Aztechnology’s course went in a very different direction.

While there’s currently (key word there) no concrete data, there is speculation and circumstantial evidence that Aztechnology’s newly installed president, Armando Salazar, had been planning a coup since his joining the corporation after the Amazonian War. It is known that he clashed with de la Rosa over the level of association with the Disians, even though he spearheaded the Mobile Harvester project.

Regardless, Salazar has taken control of the corporation and is currently solidifying his position by selecting his strongest supporters for the suddenly open board seats.

- Wait, he can do that? I thought there was a shareholder vote or something.

- Knucklebuster

- Normally, yes. But it appears that Salazar’s reach is long.

- Marcos
