---
id: LH-0427
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Magic vs. Technology
page: 195
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magic vs. Technology

I remember back when I was young, when magic was still relatively new. My parents would talk about “crazy powers” and “mind manipulation” when it came to magic. Back then magic had a certain stigma and level of fear attached to it because you never _really_ knew what those sneaky spellcasters were up to. It was common for magicians to be accused of all sorts of stupid nonsense like hexes and mind control; you know the drek they used to accuse people of back in medieval times.

Over the years, that kind of thinking started to fade (somewhat) as magic, while still mysterious and coveted by some, began to become more mainstream, ergo accepted. Magic was billed as simply another tool to be used for the betterment of metahumankind, while popular sims and trids like Karl Kombatmage became some of the biggest sellers of all time. Magic also became part of the lexicon, as the word “wiz” became synonymous with “cool” or “exceptional.”

- Ah, hate to make you sound old, but no one really uses “wiz” anymore. I mean, the retro-sims and documentaries use them all the time, but sorry if I make anyone feel old.

- Electric Blue

- It’s wiz, kid (heh). After everything that’s just happened, I’m glad to simply be alive. New perspective on life, not going to sweat the small stuff anymore.

- Bull

- I’m gonna hold you to that.

- Slamm-0!

But nothing lasts forever, especially when it comes to goodwill. Sometimes, all it takes is one frag up, one bad day, some incident, or some kind of _thing_ , to wreck it all. For magicians, the Disian Shadow War is looking like that next thing. Granted, most people only know about the storms, but people are already starting to wonder if magic hasn’t gotten out of control, that somehow magicians and their “meddling with powers they don’t really understand to the detriment of all” (and that was a direct quote in a recent NY Times Op Ed) were at fault.

When bad things happen, scapegoats are needed, and it looks like magic is back up to the plate.



- Already some people and groups are saying that the UnAwakening was the best thing that could have happened and that we should find ways to make it happen again.

- Arete

- Yeah, the usual tactics are popping up. Graffiti at magical institutions, magicians getting hassled or snubbed. Nothing too overt, but the undercurrent is there and growing with old grudges and prejudices coming back up.

- eX-Professor

- Gods, it’s like we’ve gone back to the 2020s and 30s.

- Lady Greenfire

But for every scapegoat, there always comes a would-be savior. More and more people seem to be embracing technology as the new ‘thing’ and hope for our future. Already more transhumanist groups are popping up and spreading their rhetoric, while the Technocratic Party in North America and Europe is reporting substantial increases in membership. And fresh off their victory (even though they’re not talking about it), Evo seems to be leading the charge in this reinvigorated movement with an announcement of new and even more advanced products coming in the near future. I don’t know if this technological movement will take hold, but for now, it seems like it’s gaining traction by the day.

And it’s not just in the mainstream—the shadows seem to be leaning toward the technological side of things. Associates and contacts of mine, especially street docs, are saying that demand for augmentations and related services has skyrocketed since the shadow war and Un-Awakening.

- I can confirm. I’m booked solid for the next several weeks, same as several of my colleagues. Everything from basic implants, all the way to full-body restorations. Now to be transparent, most of them are replacements from wounds suffered during the shadow war or other related events, but more and more people want the high-end combat mods and are going to insane methods to acquire them. Give it a few months and I bet you won’t be able to walk ten meters in the shadows without running into a new razor. Note, I didn’t say street samurai.

**>** Butch

Now, I’m no sociologist, and all this could simply be a knee-jerk reaction to everything that’s happened over the last several months, but I’ve been around long enough to know when the winds of change are starting to pick up and I’m feeling a breeze. I know we all keep our eyes on possible threats, but I’m also thinking we need to keep more than a few eyes on what’s happening on the streets and the shadows.

And speaking of …
