---
id: LH-0047
source: Lethal Harvest
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Current Mitsuhama Operations
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Current Mitsuhama Operations

While the Ichi are technically still in charge, it’s one Miriam Ito who’s actually running MCT. The former are simply rubber stamps at this point. Ito, a confirmed Faustian, answers directly to her patron (believed to be the Auditor himself) and is currently spearheading all MCT operations regarding the Final Project, as well as acting as liaison to a cadre of Disians who are operating on the material plane.

If the Disians are the brains behind the defense of the Harvester Network, Ito and MCT are the muscles that make things happen. With Aztechnology conducting the majority of offensive operations and taking responsibility for the newly deployed Mobile Harvesters, it’s fallen on MCT to assume responsibility for the safety, security, and operation of the Harvester Network, up to and through the Final Project.

- Don’t kid yourself. MCT is still very much hunting down Defenders or anyone they think is a threat. MCT Johnsons tend to call it a “proactive defense.” They just aren’t doing it in the same numbers as Aztechnology. But then, at the end of the day, does it really matter who is gunning for you?

- The Mechanic

- Normally I’d debate you on that. But in this case? Nope.

- Cosmo

- Thing is, this is yet another point of contention between Aztechnology and MCT, with the latter sabotaging or swooping in and taking credit for the kill on more than a few occasions. This, of course, has the Azzies’ blood boiling. And a couple of times, I’ve used that to my advantage to pull my hoop out of the fire.

- Balladeer

- Anything to frag with our enemies.

- Scattershot
