---
id: LL-0039
source: Lofwyr's Legions
chapter: General
topic: Dracogenesis
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dracogenesis 

As a drake grows more accustomed to and experienced with their draconic form, they may purchase dracogenesis ranks, similar to a magician initiating or a technomancer’s submersion. Each rank of dracogenesis grants the drake an additional ability from the Dracogenesis Powers list, and it also grants a virtual increase of +1 to their Edge score solely for the purposes of drake powers and abilities that rely on Edge (Armor ratings, Elemental Attack powers, etc). Upon a drake’s _first_ rank of dracogenesis, they gain one power of their choosing _and_ gain the special power listed for their type of drake. Latent drakes do not gain a power of their choosing—only the special power listed for their drake type. 

Dracogenesis costs 5 karma + 1 karma per desired rank. In a particularly drake-heavy game, gamemasters should consider using rules similar to those for magical groups (see p. 127, _Street Wyrd_ ) to reduce the cost of dracogenesis. 

_Example_ : On the run from hunters and trying to balance her drake/shadowrunner life, our sample drake has some Karma to spend. Her first dracogenesis rank 

will cost her 6 Karma (5 + 1, 1 being her desired dracogenesis rank). After spending those 6 and reflecting on her body’s new changes, she increases her Edge score by 1 solely for the purposes of calculating and activating drake powers (from a 4 to a 5). As this is her first dracogenesis, she receives the eastern drake power of Magical Defenses (giving her 2 points of Hardened Mystic Armor) and she gets to choose one other power, and she opts for Quicksilver Dracoform, because she misses some of her initiative modifiers when she changes forms. 

If she had the Latent Drake quality instead, remember, this first dracogenesis would happen the first time she had 6 Karma to spend following the event that triggered her first transformation. 

In either case—Drake or Latent Drake—the next time she wants to undergo dracogenesis, it will cost her 7 Karma (5 + 2), her Drake-Only Edge will increase by another point, and she will receive just one new power. The third time, it will be 8 karma (5 + 3), etc.
