---
id: LL-0044
source: Lofwyr's Legions
chapter: General
topic: shadow stock
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadow stock 

for normal metahumans when changed into their dracoform. When a drake can use such gear, they suffer a –2 dice pool penalty when attacking with a weapon that does not fit their body shape, or a –2 penalty to almost everything they do while trying to cram their body into armor that isn’t made for them. 

- This penalty can be bypassed with weapon and armor modifications similar to “Metahuman Adaptation” (p. 61, _Firing Squad_ ), but with the unique quirks of any given drake more than doubling the cost (500 nuyen per item, minimum). Such items are then generally worthless for a metahuman, manipulating them with hands instead of talons, struggling into strangely sized armor with wing slits and tail holes, etc. Enterprising drakes with resources and prep-time enough can have whole arsenals ready to go, with outsized weapons, misshapen armored vests, and even stranger equipment packed away for their post-transformation adventures. 

- **Most Wanted:** It is no mystery why drakes exist—they are servants, if not outright slaves, to their dragon elders. They were created, as a species, to be pawns of greater powers, and that is just where dragons want to keep them in the Sixth World. 

- When calculating Heat (p. 236, _SR6_ ) after a session, any time a drake character visibly used drake powers or shifted into their dracoform, apply an additional +2 Heat Modifier. In _addition_ , if the 

session also involved a dragon, a great dragon, or media coverage, _double_ the Heat Modifiers from those (lesser dragon becomes +2, great dragon becomes +4, and media coverage becomes a +2). 

- Drakes never live boring lives, and they spend a _lot_ of time lying low. 

- **Mightiest of Slaves:** Finally, we get to true drakes. These are drakes made, rather than born, but some can be elevated from bred drake to true. Whether a wriggling little wyrmling, a loyal metahuman servant “gifted” with drake status, or a bred drake raised to truer status, true drakes follow most of the rules for drakes, with some particularly draconic additions from the Dracogenesis Powers list: they gain both Heavy Scales and Magical Defenses (regardless of their drake type, stacking if already owned), they gain Mystic Armor, they gain Regeneration, and they gain the Draconic Power upgrade _twice_ . The rituals used to create true drakes are as rare as they are mysterious, likely known only by great dragons and their most loyal servants, and may also grant a discount on further dracogenesis advancements (similar to how an initiatory group lowers the cost of initiation). This tremendous upgrade in power always, always comes with a cost (so much so that this is generally best reserved for NPCs, barring a very lenient gamemaster and a very special campaign idea). 

**PAGE** 23
