---
id: LL-0051
source: Lofwyr's Legions
chapter: General
topic: Description and Customs
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Description and Customs 

Funded by a (relatively) minuscule fraction of Lofwyr’s boggling wealth and composed of mages and mystic adepts alike, these are the claws and fangs of Scale—Lofwyr’s personal expediter and troubleshooter. As Scale is to Lofwyr, the Drachenschatten are to Scale. 

They wait scattered across the world, serving in some lesser capacity until needed. When the time comes, they band together in small groups or requisition local S-K assets, burst into action, and solve problems with ruthless efficiency and every substantial resource at their disposal. In their decades of service the Drachenschatten Unit has aided S-K’s Centurion Security company globally, putting down insurrections across the African states and settling border disputes across Europe, “consulting” against Rinelle activity in Tír Tairngire and—of course—protecting S-K’s interests by attacking rival facilities worldwide. The Drachenschatten are a fast-response force, bringing draconic might to bear in order to keep Saeder-Krupp running smoothly. 

The Drachenschatten Unit is divided into several “clutches” of “brood-mates” formed every several years—starting well before drakes were widely in the public eye, a secret held close to Lofwyr’s scaly chest for decades—small groups of drakes birthed, created, or recruited together, then trained as one class. None save Lofwyr and, perhaps Scale, understand how so many drakes are found, created, or modified, but as they have the power to form true drakes as well, there is no doubt some unknown connection. Each small “class” believes their clutch to be the finest, and mage duels and brutal physical altercations have—very much in private, far from the eyes of the rest of the company—settled disputes and established a hierarchy between Security Special Group operatives. 

Rarely, a brood will be joined by a recruited, rather than a company born, drake. Regardless of the age of such an “orphan” (as the other Talons call them), they are assigned to and serve alongside the youngest and least experienced clutch. Scale’s theory is that their presence will at best season the freshest meat, and at worst will be less of a disruption than if they were thrown into the well-oiled machinery of elder broods who would resent an outsider’s presence far more. Of all the Talons, these orphans are the most likely to serve alone and undercover for extended lengths of time once their training is complete. Their independent spirit (and lack of an entire lifetime of training and camaraderie) makes them better suited for 

**PAGE** 24
