---
id: LL-0009
source: Lofwyr's Legions
chapter: General
topic: 'shadow stock - Cocky Saeder-Krupp Prime Security Decker - Metatype: Human
  Professional Rating 4'
page: 8
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadow stock 

## Cocky Saeder-Krupp Prime Security Decker 

## Metatype: Human Professional Rating 4 

It’s not easy to be the best every time. Top of this class, top of that class, valedictorian here, promotion there. It’s not easy, but someone has to, and Jean- 

**==> picture [91 x 52] intentionally omitted <==**

Pierre Abbas decided early on that it would be them. They contracted for S-K subsidiaries for years, cutting their virtual teeth in the field or in the hosts of Commerzbank, Hermes Eurocom, Siemens-Nixdorf, and Centurion. Now they work for the fathercorp, and have every intention of making their way into the big leagues: Prime. There isn’t a doubt in Mx. Abbas’ mind that they’ll impress the right boss, bust the right intruder, or save the right data eventually. It’s not easy to be the best, but Jean-Pierre Abbas knows they are up to the task. 

**B A R S W L I C ESS** 2 2 2 2 4 5 5 2 2.5 

**DR I/ID AC CM MOVE** 6 7/1 A1, 12 10 10/15/+1 

**Skills:** Cracking 7 (Cybercombat +3, Electronic Warfare +2), Electronics 5, Firearms 2 (Pistols +2), Influence 2 (Etiquette +2), Perception 3 

**Qualities:** Analytical Mind, Hardening, Home Ground, Addiction (Soykaf, 2), In Debt, SINner 

**Augmentations:** Cerebral booster 3, cyberjack 4, mnemonic enhancer 3, simrig, sleep regulator 

**Gear:** Saederline armor clothing (+2), commlink (device rating 6), Renraku Kitsune cyberdeck (device rating 4, 7/6), smartglasses (w/ image link), earbud (audio enhancement) **Weapons:** 

Walther Palm Pistol [Hold-Out, DV 2P, SS/BF, 12/7/—/—/—]
