---
id: LL-0053
source: Lofwyr's Legions
chapter: General
topic: shadow stock - New Martial Art - Drachenklaue
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadow stock 

## New Martial Art 

## Drachenklaue 

“Saeder-Krupp zertifizierte waffenlose Sicherungstechnik für den Schutzdienst,” or “Saeder-Krupp certified, unarmed defense technique for guard duty,” is, on the one hand, a martial art by committee, purpose-built by and for Saeder-Krupp security. Once it was popularized by them, it was repackaged as “Drachenklaue” or “Dragon’s Claw,” and— right on schedule—turned into a product for mass appeal and production. 

Through S-K approved schools or a Matrix certification program, practitioners advance through a series of metallic “belts” (and SK security officers are allowed to modify their uniforms with subtle badging), ranging from Copper to Bronze, then Iron, Cobalt, Silver, and finally Gold (the color of Lofwyr’s scales). In this form, Dracenklaue is … entirely _adequate_ , generally on par with the brutal mixedmartial-arts-style training offered by Lone Star, Knight Errant, and a great many other military and paramilitaries around the world, albeit with a greater emphasis on implanted weaponry and less on firearms. In this form, 

it has spread through razorboys and razorgirls across Europe, as well as the ranks of S-K security agents. 

On the other hand, Drachenklaue techniques are also easily modified to be applied to all manner of paracritter and dracoform bodies; some sources deep inside S-K say the techniques were created by Lofwyr’s supernatural agents first _,_ in fact, and later modified and homogenized for metahuman utility (particularly with cyber-implanted weapons). 

Either way, for those fighting with (literal) tooth and claw, Drachenklaue techniques are brutally efficient and can make all the difference against an untrained foe. 

- **Categories:** Grappling, Striking, Weapon 

- **Signature Technique:** Rake. Increase the Damage Value of all cyber-implanted or natural edged weapons by 1 (in addition to natural claw, bite, and tail attacks, and cyber implant weapons like spurs and cyberjaws, this bonus applies to worn, but not wielded, melee weapons such as forearm snap blades and hand talons, but not to swords, knives, axes, etc.).
