---
id: LL-0028
source: Lofwyr's Legions
chapter: General
topic: shadow stock - Drakes
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadow stock 

## Drakes 

While certainly not unique to the ranks of Saeder-Krupp’s loyal employees—no matter how much Lofwyr might wish it were so— drakes are overrepresented in the rolls and rosters of this particular megacorporation. This is no coincidence. Some small part of _why_ Ol’ Golden Snout is the single most powerful creature in the Sixth World is, in fact, his powerful, versatile, unwaveringly loyal network of drakes. He had drake servants before drakes were publicly recognized, he has more of them than anyone else, and he trains, molds, and wields them with his usual brutal efficiency. 

But, while the deck is stacked in Lofwyr’s favor, innumerable wildcards exist. 

Drakes are metahumans capable of changing into the form of an anthropomorphic dragon. Some are more metahuman looking, some seem to simply be dragons of near-metahuman size; no two drakes are completely alike (though true drakes come closest to conformity). A multitude of theories abound as to why that is. 

Drakes have an assortment of powers that best describe them as “dragons, but smaller.” These powers range from lethal claws and fangs, dragonsfire, and thick scales to myriad innate magical powers. Those with direct draconic patronage and mentorship naturally develop powers favored by their masters and mistresses. Those left to fumble with their dracoform on their own have an unpredictable variety of abilities, all too often shaped by what they have needed in moments of desperation while avoiding drake hunters. 

For decades, it was thought that all drakes were not just innately magical but innately _magicians_ . However, in much the same way all adepts were once considered physical adepts, this has been revealed to no longer be the case; there are drakes who are—aside from their ability to turn into a miniature dragon— as mundane as a cinder block. There are even drakes whose talents lie in the Matrix! While many drakes are spellcasters, summoners, and adepts of no small power, other drakes are—in their metahuman form—chromed-up razorboys, chip-headed hackers, or simply everyday people very surprised the first time they grow wings. These “mundane drakes” are sometimes sneered at by those who also wield sorcerous 

power, but many of those arrogant spellcasters have learned the hard way that metahuman magical talent doesn’t always translate into draconic might; drive, determination, and dracomorphic ability go a long way. 

True drakes are drakes _created_ rather than naturally occurring. They have been crafted, forged, purpose-built by great dragons to serve as catspaws, servants, and spies. To date, all true drakes have had magical ability. None have possessed a Resonance rating—perhaps it is taken from them by the rituals that uplift and bind them. Deep ritual magic is used to transform regular metahumans, or even humbler drakes, with a fresh influx of pure draconic power. True drakes are few, they are rare, and they are invariably deep in the thrall of their masters, bound by capital-o Oaths, tied to them by ritual magic, financially owned, trained and brainwashed their whole lives—all that sort of thing. 

Most drakes—the ones simply referred to as “drakes”—are what is truly called “bred drakes.” They are those who have latent draconic heritage of some sort, those whose dragon-blooded nature has risen to the surface as the mana level has risen in fits and starts, those whose bloodlines lay dormant for ages. They represent metahumanity and draconic versatility in all their wondrous variety, and they do their damnedest to live their lives according to their own wants and desires. 

They have less luck with it than most in the Sixth World. 

Even these drakes, bred drakes rather than true, are wanted by dragons. These elder wyrms are inscrutable, inhuman creatures, living their long lives by their own arcane rules. Chief among those rules seems to be that they act indirectly far more often than directly, and drakes are their favored agents in doing so. A stable of powerful drakes is a status marker among dragonkind. Even above and beyond the power they bring as loyal servants is the power of the status they represent. Most drakes serve great dragons, rather than their humbler (inasmuch as any dragon can be called humble) cousins. But the Sixth World has brought about the breaking of other traditions, and there are now a handful of drakes claimed by these younger dragons. 

**PAGE**
