---
id: LSI-0004
source: Lifestyles of the Shadowy and Infamous
chapter: Lifestyles of the shadowy & infamous
topic: Getting Started
page: 3
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Getting Started

Start by choosing the lifestyle category of your character as per the core rulebook (p. 57, _SR6_ ): Street, Squatter, Low, Middle, High, or Luxury. This defines the baseline look and feel of how the character lives. Each lifestyle has five basic elements to it: Necessities, Comforts, Neighborhood, Security, and Entertainment. The lifestyle and monthly cost chosen determines the Lifestyle Points (LP) available to spend in each element (see Lifestyle Monthly Costs table). These points are spent on options for each basic element and give clarity on how the character lives. General LP can be spent on any assets within the basic elements, or they may be used on optional assets, such as transportation, social networking, and lifestyle qualities. If you don’t spend all of the LP provided for one element, you may subtract one from your leftover LP in order to convert the rest to General LP—which can then be spent on any elements or lifestyle qualities. While the rules of each lifestyle asset apply to any

lifestyle, your lifestyle category defines the narrative details.

_Rikki the Rat shaman wants a Low lifestyle. At its base level, Low lifestyle on the table provides two LP for each element: Necessities, Comforts, Neighborhood, Security, and Entertainment. Looking at the table, Rikki can get up to four more LP for things like transportation, though the monthly cost increases. If Rikki wants 5 LP in each basic element, he would have to begin with a Middle Lifestyle instead._

_Ulysses chooses a High lifestyle, which provides 4 LP in each basic element. In Necessities, Ulysses only wants to spend two LP on Living Expenses, leaving two LP unspent. The remaining two LP can be converted to one general LP for any asset or lifestyle quality._
