---
id: LSI-0072
source: Lifestyles of the Shadowy and Infamous
chapter: Lifestyles of the shadowy & infamous
topic: Vehicle Rental
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vehicle Rental

If you’d rather not purchase a vehicle or use public transportation, there’s always the option of renting a vehicle. These vehicles are technically owned by the company that provides them. These vehicles can only operate using autopilot and GridGuide. There is a manual control override, but there is a 500 nuyen fine for using it. In theory, this fine could be waived if it can be proved that there was an actual emergency, but in practice it is rarely waived for any reason. If the vehicle is lost, stolen, or totaled, you must make an Influence (Negotiation) + Charisma (2) test. This threshold increases by one for each rental vehicle you have lost in the past. If you are not truly responsible for the loss (GM’s discretion), you gain a point of Edge on this test. If you are actually responsible for the loss (GM’s discretion), you may not gain or spend Edge on this test. On a success, you are provided with a new rental vehicle within 24 hours. On a failure, you are considered liable for the expense. Half of the vehicle’s nuyen cost is added to your next monthly lifestyle payment, and you may not get a replacement rental until you cover the extra expense—you may pay early to gain access to a replacement vehicle before your next lifestyle payment is due.

These vehicles are so loaded down with tracking devices and software that most fences and chop shops are unwilling to take them. This makes it unlikely that they will be randomly stolen, and also means that you can’t just rent vehicles and sell them to a chop shop for profit. No Edge may be gained or spent on any test to illegally transfer the vehicle’s ownership, and any glitches on the test are treated as critical glitches.

The actual vehicle provided (or an equivalent that is approved by your GM) is determined by your lifestyle category.
