---
id: LSI-0098
source: Lifestyles of the Shadowy and Infamous
chapter: Lifestyles of the shadowy & infamous
topic: optional rules - Day Job
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## optional rules

## Day Job

You have a fairly mundane job . This could be a shift at the Stuffer Shack or some hours as a wageslave. Part of the character ’s time is unavailable for running in the shadows—ten to twelve hours a week are allocated for this quality. If the character gets fired, then the Lifestyle has to be adjusted for the LP loss.

During a session, roll a D6 at the beginning of each day to determine if your character is supposed to be at work. On a 1, you’re scheduled for a shift and won’t be able to actively participate in the run unless you either skip work or gain one level of Fatigued (p. 52, _SR6_ ). Each consecutive day without a shift adds 1 to the next D6 result that will trigger a shift (1–2 on the second day, 1–3 on day three, 1–4 on day four, etc.), which resets after each shift. For each shift you choose to skip, your next monthly lifestyle payment goes up by 100 nuyen x Lifestyle category (representing the lost income). Each time you skip a shift, you also need to make a Charisma + Edge (1) test, and this threshold increases by one for each time you skip work. On a failed test, you’re fired from your job and may not take the Day Job lifestyle quality for at least one month. On a glitch, your Heat modifier goes up by one due to nosey and suspicious co-workers. On a critical glitch, one of your co-workers has discovered that you’re a shadowrunner. They must be dealt with (a bribe of 500 nuyen x Lifestyle category will do, or you could do something more drastic), or else they’ll turn you in to the authorities—burning your lifestyle and its attached SIN.

Also, if anyone is looking for you and scores at least 4 hits on a legwork-related test—including a Matrix search—they’ll be able to connect you to your place of employment and may try to intercept you there—if they can figure out when you work.

**Bonus: 1 LP**
