---
id: MFAQ-0011
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: Hosts
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Hosts**

Hosts, Noise, and Distance

- There is no noise due to distance on the inside of a Host.

- Noise due to Distance and gaining access to a Host

  - This varies depending on the type of Host. There are three basic types of Host that you need to deal with … virtual, physical, and offline

  - Virtual Hosts form the backbone of how the general population uses the matrix, corporations and governments (Owners) maintain these as easy access. Because they only exist as virtual “entities” as long as you have general matrix access there is no noise due to distance when connecting to them.

  - Physical Hosts are used for increased security purposes, these are probably the most likely type of host that a shadowrunner will probably be encountering. Any information or matrix uses that an Owner wants to keep secure with restricted access is using a physical host of some type. A physical host may link multiple actual physical locations without actually physically being in each location, noise due to distance is calculated by the distance between the hacker and the point of where they are attempting to access the host (Access Point). Most likely the facility they wish to infiltrate, but could also be any device that is connected to the host.

  - Offline Hosts are the most secure and just that … offline physical servers and can only be accessed by direct connection, so simply put there is no noise to deal with.

- Host to Host connections - sometimes an Owner will want or need to connect two Hosts to transfer information. This is simply done by opening a temporary access to it’s main virtual host and using it as a relay to transfer the information.

Pg 185 “The virtual space in a host is separate from the Matrix at large, and any icons on that host are not accessible unless expressly part of a public-facing side. Gaining access to a host will allow interaction with the icons and devices on the inside.” What is this and what does it mean in game play?

- The generally accepted term for this is the Host Event Horizon, anything on the public or “outside” side of the event horizon works just like any other persona or device on the matrix.

- Public facing icons and devices are the pieces and parts of a Host that the Owner wants to be publically visible or usable by the general matrix user (usually customers) or devices that need to communicate directly with another Host or User. Examples of the first type would be a Point of Sale portal, or public directory..

  - Of particular interest to shadowrunners here is the specific case of maglocks and security cameras. Cameras would need to be public if the facility relies on third party offsite security to allow monitoring from outside of the host. Maglocks are a little bit more difficult but not by much. For protection purposes a maglock will almost always be on the inside of a host. So how do everyday legitimate users

use it? Most maglock systems are passive, so using one is basically nothing more than the maglock making a matrix perception check to make sure the user is authorized (scanning a card, or checking the biometric data or key code against its database) this is represented in the rules by the opposed roll between a maglock and whatever method you are using to try and bypass it with. Hacking your way past one is probably the number one use of direct connection and using Spoof Command.

- Remote hacking - so how does my decker that is sitting in the van using VR to hack access to the host know what icon to target to open the maglock to let my team into the lab to get the package they were hired to retrieve? Well assuming he already has access and is in the network then it is a simple matter of his team tells him which one.

- Interaction - what does this include? In this case that means the only matrix action that you can directly take _against_ any “inside” devices/icons is limited to Matrix Perception while being on the outside. All inside devices are considered to be running silent using the Host Rating+Sleaze of the Host as the opposed dice roll. To target any icon (persona, device, IC, nested sub-host, etc) on the inside you must first gain access via Brute Force, Backdoor Entry, or Direct Connection.

- You can still Send Message across the host event horizon.

- Nested Host Networks - the event horizon within a nested host network is a lot more malleable. Getting access, entering, and initial contact still works as above but once you have gained access and stay on the inside of the network as a whole you can cross the event horizon as needed.

What sets off an alarm in a Host?

- This is determined by what the Owner has established for its security protocols (ie how hard does the GM want to make it?). My suggestions would be one (or combination) of the following …

  - As soon as a hack action is detected

  - Once a hacker is detected by a matrix perception check (Patrol IC or a Spider)

  - Overwatch Score hits a certain threshold (set at a level below convergence at 40) can also be tiered and used to trigger different levels of alarms at different points.

    - Example: OS 5: Patrol IC begins making perceptions checks every round, OS 10: Tar Baby IC is activated, OS 15: Blaster IC is activated, OS 20: Spider is called in
