---
id: MFAQ-0009
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: Matrix Actions
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Matrix Actions**

- Actions that are linked to an attribute also require that you have a value of at least 1 in that attribute.

- Getting noticed

  - Attack linked actions are always obvious and the target network will know it under attack regardless of whether the action is successful or not.

  - Sleaze linked actions are very subtle and hard to detect, a target will only know it is being targeted when the action results in a glitch.

  - Most other actions will be noticed whenever the action attempt fails, exceptions to this are actions that are completely passive or actions that result in obvious results.

  - Passive actions are actions that have zero effect on a target and therefore give no reason for the target to notice them. These would include such actions as Check OS, Matrix Perception, Matrix Search, Reconfigure, Send Message, and Switch Mode.

  - Some actions could be noticed even when they are successful just because they create an effect that is obvious. These would include such actions as Control Device, Crash Program, and Reboot Device.

  - Complex Forms are much like spells and generally very subtle and go unnoticed until the effect is obvious.

- What can I do when I detect a hacker in my network?

  - Well the first option is obvious … engage them in cybercombat, but what if you don’t want to or lack the skills and equipment to do so properly? Well the only real option is to shut down your network (reboot or just turn off).

- Files - there are two basic file types that you need to differentiate between. Let’s call them Public and Private.

  - Public files - These are files that are not protected, hidden, or encrypted in any way. To find such a file depends on where it is located. If it is a public file available to anyone on the matrix then it is a Matrix Search, to find an public file on a private network you just need to be in the network (i.e. have the proper access level for the network) then make a simple Matrix Perception check. Threshold should follow the same format as Hash Check. To open and read a public file requires no test.

  - Private files - These are files that are protected or encrypted to conceal their presence and/or content. These files will only be found in a network (usually a host but could also be a PAN), finding them uses the Hash Check action. A protected file is one that has been locked by use of the Edit File action, and can be opened by using the Edit File action. An encrypted file must be cracked before attempting to open. Note that a file can be _both_ protected and encrypted.

- Backdoor Entry - use of this action includes the Enter Host action when used on a Host. This can only be used once per Probe, if you Reboot before using the Backdoor or use it to enter the Host then leave you must perform a new Probe action to establish a new Backdoor.

- Control Device vs Spoof Command - Control is for prolonged and/or sustained use of a device, Spoof is for a single one and done action performed by the device itself. You can spoof a drone to fire one shot at a given target using its own pilot and autosofts but to use the same drone for more than that one shot or to use your own skill then you need to use control. Spoof is tricking the device into performing a single command ... the matrix equivalent of the jedi mind trick; control device is actually using it as it is intended to be used.

- Enter/Exit Host - Exiting a host network will reset all of your access levels for that host, including all Probe/Backdoor or Brute Force exploits. To re-enter that host you must start all over with a new Probe or Brute Force hack attempt. For nested hosts this means when you leave the network as a whole and exit to the matrix specifically.

  - Nested Hosts - when exiting a nested host you can _choose_ to exit to a connected host (as long as you have access to the desired host, otherwise you must establish access first) in the chain _or_ exit out to the matrix leaving the entire network. This means you can move freely (as long as you spend the minor action Enter/Exit Host to do so) among all connected hosts that you are maintaining access to. You can also choose to drop access to any given host as well to lower

OS accumulation when you exit a host to move into another on the same network.

- Full Matrix Defense - this is just the matrix equivalent of Full Defense and allows you to add Firewall to all cybercombat (damaging) defense tests until the next combat round. NOT just the next attack.

  - Optional rule: normally is only used to defend against attacks that cause damage, but as an option can be used to defend against _any_ type of action that is linked to the attack attribute.

- Matrix Search - please note that this will only provide publicly searchable information! Any secretive information that is hidden behind a firewall of any sort requires a hacker run! For example you might have access to some data haven that has the same information that would be available via traditional legwork using contacts but that doesn’t mean you are able to matrix search your way into finding a target's secret corporate orbital bank account number or some such thing.

  - Change to a simple test with a duration of 10 minutes using the Legwork table as thresholds instead of an extended test.

  - Access level should just be Outsider since this is just a general matrix use action.

- Reboot Device & Jack Out - using either of these actions will reset your OS, but also removes _ALL_ access levels and any Probe/Backdoor or Brute Force exploits.

- Set Data Bomb - Detecting a Data Bomb isn’t hard, just taking the time and making a Matrix Perception check against the file to observe in detail and get at least 1 net hit will do it. Damage should be Bomb Rating x2 not x4.

- Probe - yes this is an Opposed and Extended test at the same time. It is a “push your luck” scenario where you can continue to roll even if you succeed on your first roll if you want to build up those extra bonus dice to be used on Backdoor Entry later. However as is normal with extended tests you lose one dice per each additional attempt, but the target's defense pool does not reduce making each additional attempt that much harder with diminishing returns and higher risks. Also if you fail at any point along the way you lose any progress you have made up until that point and must start over from zero.

  - The Probe exploit duration (10-host rating hours) is inapplicable once you use it to gain entry via Backdoor. In other words this is only for how long the window remains open for you to try and gain access, once you gain (or fail) access it doesn’t matter anymore.

  - Optional - the interval should be 1 hour not 1 minute … or at least 10 or 15 minutes

- Spoof Command - Dice pool should be Cracking + Logic vs Data Processing + Firewall or Pilot + Firewall

- Trace Icon - there is no need to use this action if you can identify the icon AND physically see the device it is connected to. The purpose of this action is for tracing an icon back to its source when you don’t know what that source is.
