---
id: MFAQ-0008
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: Matrix Perception
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Matrix Perception**

- Should go without saying but this works just the Perception skill except only in the Matrix. This means a single matrix perception check will reveal all hidden networks and/or icons in the vicinity just like walking into an ambush situation and making a perception check to see the ninjas about to jump you.

- Running Silent is network based and not device based, so you set your PAN to silent mode and then it and all of its connected devices are concealed behind the Sleaze attribute of the master device. Please note that running silent does not require you actually have a Sleaze attribute, but it sure does help to have one if you want to remain hidden.

- You do NOT have to make a matrix perception check just to see public icons that are not running silent or hidden in some fashion. Anything more than 1 net hit not only sees the hidden icon,but also provides extra information. (Also see Hosts for detecting icons inside a Host.)

- You _do_ use matrix perception on a public icon if you want to observe it in detail to learn more about it. This is generally an unopposed test with each hit providing a single piece of information.

- Matrix Perception and Technomancers - the 5 hits required to see a technomancer is to see that they _are_ a technomancer, just detecting them as another icon on the matrix is a normal perception check as determined by the circumstances. However to know that they are a technomancer and just not another decker requires you to observe in detail and score at least 5 hits.
