---
id: MFAQ-0003
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: Devices
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Devices**

Most relevant devices are given a device rating in their description, but if not provided then use the following table as a general guideline as to what rating to use.

| Device Type   | Rating | Examples                                                                                        |
| ------------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Simple        | 1      | General appliances, public terminals, entertainment systems                                     |
| Average       | 2      | Personal electronics, basic cyberware, weapons, residential<br>security devices, basic vehicles |
| Smart         | 3      | Security vehicles, alphaware, corporate security devices                                        |
| Advanced      | 4      | High-end devices, betaware, military vehicles and security devices                              |
| Cutting Edge  | 5      | Deltaware, credsticks, black-ops vehicles and security devices                                  |
| Bleeding Edge | 6+     | Billion-nuyen experimental devices, space craft                                                 |

Hosts and Device limits - Hosts do not have a device limit PAN’s and Device limits

- Rules as written make having a decently defended team PAN a confusing mess due to low device limits. To offset this I propose the following …

  - Slaved devices - limited as specified in the CRB. These are normally devices that can be remote operated (such as drones/vehicles and weapon platforms) but could also include other devices that require extended range and protection at the same time.

  - Networked devices - no limit on the number of devices that can be networked to a PAN, distance limited by Data Processing of the network. They can not be remote operated. They DO get to use the master networks matrix attributes as normal.

  - Unlinked - these are the devices that do not belong to any network and only have whatever is built into them to work with. (example the commlink sitting in your bug out bag hidden in your safehouse) Unlinked devices that do not have _any_ (unless integral to the device such as a D/F on a commlink) of the normal ASDF attributes can substitute Device Rating for Firewall (all other matrix attributes are zero).

- What does this mean for Remote Operation?

  - This remains as is in the CRB, as long as you’re able to connect to the device you are able to control the device directly and take any action the device is capable of.

- Networked distance limit

  - The maximum distance that a network can extend is the network's Data Processing x 100 meters.

- Example team setup - Each team member networks all of their personal devices to their commlink (providing personal protection based the commlink), then the team hacker can either network each commlink (providing presumably upgraded protection) or slave each commlink (allowing the same upgraded protection but at extended range).
