---
id: MFAQ-0004
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: Personas and Attributes
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Personas and Attributes**

A Spider (a corporate security matrix specialist) can _CHOOSE_ to use any combination of Mental and ASDF Attributes of their persona/device _OR_ the Host they are currently in. This allows a corporation to hire Spiders without investing in as much gear as long as they are operating primarily in a Host. For full VR a good Spider technically only needs a DNI (trodes, datajack, or cyberjack...etc), sim module, and skills with no need for a cyberdeck.. Only when or if they leave a Host to pursue an enemy hacker do they need to rely on their own devices.

Personas can only be formed by matrix devices specifically, a matrix device is defined as a device possessing any of the ASDF attributes. A persona must have _**one**_ matrix device possessing the D/F attributes, and can have the _**option**_ of adding a cyberdeck to gain the A/S attributes. To gain and use _**any**_ of the attributes and abilities of a matrix device it _**must**_ be used as part of your persona.

**NOTE:** the matrix rules were written independently of the rigging rules, allowing an RCC to combine with a cyberdeck breaks the matrix rules as I designed them. I therefore suggest that you do not allow the combination, or at the very least you may allow them to form a Persona but only allow the use of one or the other at any given time. I.e. if using a deck then all of the functions of a RCC other than it’s matrix attributes are unusable, and vice versa.

Swapping matrix attributes … what does it mean that “You can rotate any non-zero attributes through your persona, even if they originated from different devices.”

- This means you can _**NOT**_ use two devices that only have the Data Processing and Firewall attributes and then swap two of them over to Attack and Sleaze. For example combining a commlink and a RCC mean you still have zeroes in Attack and Sleaze but

you can choose to use whichever combination of Data Processing and Firewall you want. You _can_ however swap the attributes on the device itself even if one of them is zero, as is the case for some commlinks.

What device takes the matrix damage when my Persona is attacked?

- With the addition of allowing matrix attributes to be swapped across devices it adds the complexity of what device takes the damage?

- Any device formed matrix persona should include at least one of the following … a cyberdeck, RCC, or commlink. So I propose an order of hierarchy of these devices, start at the top and work your way down until you hit a device that is present.

- 1st: Cyberdeck, 2nd: RCC, 3rd: Cyberjack, 4th: Commlink

- To change (including swapping, adding, or removing) which devices form your persona you must reboot.
