---
id: MFAQ-0022
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: Eavesdropping on an outgoing call (Snoop)
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Eavesdropping on an outgoing call (Snoop)**

With being considered an Admin on the security guard’s PAN, Mungo can now attempt to snoop all incoming and outgoing communications.

Mungo’s AR is 4 higher than the security guard’s DR and he gets a point of edge (it evaluates in the same way as the previous Data Spike).

Snoop is resolved as an opposed Cracking + Logic vs Logic + Firewall test. Mungo’s player gets 3 hits while the opposing side gets 1 hit. GM notes that Mungo’s overwatch score increased to 9.

The Snoop attempt was successful, but unlike the previous Data Spike and Brute Force, this action is not linked to Attack and since the attempt was successful the security guard is unaware that his communications are currently being monitored. Mungo gets to immediately listen in on (and record if he so wishes) an on-going voice conversation the security guard has with an unknown recipient. Apparently it seems as if he is calling some sort of matrix specialist.

Example 2; Tattoo’s Point of View

5. Using Matrix Perception to find a silent running hacker

1. Probe + Backdoor entry a PAN

1. Trace Icon

1. Complex Form usage

3km away, Tattoo receives a distress call from an old friend that she has not talked to in ages. “Calm down Bob, what is happening”, she says. After a few seconds she understands that Bob was patrolling the local mall when some punk started to throw data spikes at his equipment and, from what Bob is describing, perhaps also successfully invaded his PAN.

Her body goes limp on the couch, the room around her quickly fades away and everything slows down as her mind speeds up and she slips into hot-sim VR.
