---
id: MFAQ-0015
source: 6we Matrix FAQ
chapter: General
topic: "Using Matrix Perception as a form of recon to pick out someone\u2019s gear"
page: 1
authority_level: 4
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Using Matrix Perception as a form of recon to pick out someone’s gear**

Mungo, sitting at a café in a busy downtown area in Seattle, automatically, without taking a regular perception test, notices the security guard that is openly patrolling the street outside. Just like regular perception Mungo does not need to take a test to notice things that are immediately obvious in the Matrix either, and since the guard is not running his Personal Area Network in silent mode (or otherwise trying to hide from him) Mungo also automatically, without taking a matrix perception test, spots it via his Augmented Reality ‘overlay’. The PAN of the guard consists of all the wireless enabled personal electronic devices he carry on his body, including what appears to be a firearm, all networked to the device the security guard is currently using to access the matrix with.

Mungo is interested in what type of device this is and spends a Matrix Perception Major action to observe the device that the security guard’s persona icon originates from more in detail. He gets 3 hits which let him know that it has a device rating of 3, that it currently runs a DF array of 2 3 and that it’s only program slot is currently running Signal Scrub. “Standard issue Renraku Sensei, this should not be any problem”, Mungo mumbles to himself.

He is also interested in what type of firearm we are dealing with. He chooses to spend another action to analyze the device icon of the firearm and finds out that it is a Colt America L36 light pistol with a Device Rating of 2. His street samurai partner, which is somewhat of a gun-nut, would instead probably have observed it in detail more directly while taking a regular perception test before coming to the same conclusion.
