---
id: NF-0211
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Sweetwater Creek
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sweetwater Creek

We offered a glimpse at Sweetwater Creek in our _Complete Trog_ download, but it couldn’t cover everything. Now that we’re talking about the entertainment industry, in particular trideo and sim, we can talk a little more about this quaint notso-little trog haven and some happenings we could all take an interest in.

With the oversized structures and wide variety of architectural styles, the community here has been used as a location for everything from high-fantasy trids to local sim documentaries about a day in the life. Filming for a smaller crowd is quite friendly here as well, as the oversized rooms allow for cameras and equipment to fit within the spaces without the need for building a set on a soundstage. That’s not to say they don’t have them. Hangar 21 Studios, named for the main hangar at a small (now defunct) airstrip within the boundaries of Sweetwater, has six hangars that are all used for soundstage creation. The old equipment lot out behind building four is a menagerie of pieces from various eras and settings. One of the best parts about film projects in Sweetwater is the easy access to construction crews and the speed at which large projects can be built thanks to the primarily troll-and-ork workforce.

- The airstrip, and the land it’s on, aren’t part of Sweetwater. They’re trying, and using a lot of dirty tricks in the process, to get it all cleared. Hangar 21 Studios uses an address in Sweetwater proper, but that land is still part of Lithia Springs.

- OrkCE0

- The issues with Lithia Springs weren’t mentioned much when they wrote about Sweetwater. The town was not happy losing the nearby federal land and a healthy chunk of city property to become a trog refuge. It’s simmered down, but old feuds burn long down here, and you never know when they’ll spark back up.

- 2XL

The local government is also enforcing construction ordinances for the building of any structure within Sweetwater Creek. After completion, costs are reported to the city and local property management companies for purchase options. It’s been great for growing the area and attracting more residents with inexpensive, creatively designed homes. As a reinvestment in the community, several stars have been buying iconic locations

from their films as homes or taking them as a portion of their pay. Danika Sterling created Sterling B&Bs and rents out the seven sets that she owns (so far) to her fans.

- Construction costs are getting more and more inflated with each project as the film companies try to cash in on Sweetwater’s desire to keep its homey, small-town feel. It’s blowing up in their faces as no one buys the property and it stays abandoned, attracting very large squatters. Removal has proven to be difficult.

- **>** 2XL

- It’s not just Danika’s fans that stay at her B&Bs. Several stalkers have left her unpleasant messages for not being onsite for their visit, including several threats. She’s not a passive individual. To stem the tide, she’s hired several teams of runners to “apologize” for her.

**>** Butch

The trolls and orks of Sweetwater also love the entertainment attention and opportunities they’ve gotten to get on set. Extras are abundant, but stars are hidden among the masses. Tarrek Argon, best known for playing Viktor Krush in the _Krimson Krush_ series, was working set construction when Alan Knight (no relation) spotted him. Janit White, girl next door starlet from _Old Red Kansas_ , was doing the classic waitress gig when she was discovered.

Sweetwater has also become the home base for this season of _DASH: Star Loner!_ . Some critics have said the bounty hunter series has been upping its ratings at the expense of those trying to make a better life despite problematic former circumstances that led them down some errant paths. Showrunners point out that they only go after legally issued bounties, and every potential target is vetted. Other complaints include unnecessary violence being brought to town along with riling elements that were trying to settle into a quiet life. As it stands, Picket Dunton, outrider for the Tacoma Timber Wolves, is at the top of their target list. He was accused of murdering his girlfriend and manager when he found out they were hooking up behind his back, and most people think his apprehension will be the season finale.

- Dunton’s not going to be an easy snag like the rest of this show’s marks. He’s running with a shadowteam, and if my info is correct, they’re killers. Someone will die trying to apprehend Picket Dunton if they make it part of the show.

- Stone

- That’s funny you think they’ll play it so straight. This will go one of two ways. A real Lone Star team will actually grab Dunton, then release him to the showrunners to stage a grab.

  - or…

  - The showrunners will reach into the shadows, offer Duntona deal to stage a capture, and he’ll get a new life with some plastics work. Not my favorite option, as that means he’ll be back on the block and not playing for my beloved T-Wolves! **>** Slamm-0!
