---
id: NF-0252
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Subliminal
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Subliminal

Another classic that has seen some fresh use is subliminal messages. These are messages, usually visual, that affect recipients without them even realizing the messages are there. Modern Matrix-based communications, with their heavy use of imagery and iconography, have increased the use and penetration of this technique. Anything the corps want to reinforce gets icons and video with positive colors and images, while anything they want people to not look at gets a negative distortion. Now, thanks to the fact that we are beaming messages _directly into our brains_ , this has opened up new avenues. Hidden emotive tracks in full simsense messages have become a hot new favorite. These are low-level and subtle enough that most consumers don’t even notice they are there, slipping below the sensitivity levels of the most common filters. When a corp wants to reinforce a particular message, they will slip a happy, feelgood emote track along with it. When they start reporting on whatever they want people to not like, they slide in a fear, anger, or disgust emotive track. Just like repeating the lie, this sort of thingdoesn’t do much in a single experience, but if done consistently and over time, a consumer’s brain will be trained to feel what the emote tracks are telling them to feel in association with that imagery, or topic, or whatever.

- Always make sure your emote filter is up to date, especially if you run hot sim! Those hidden emote tracks might be lowgrade for your average cold sim user, but running hot sim on a bleeding-edge deck might give you an ear-bleed when one of them comes ramming into your brain. Not trusting anyone else with the care of my brain, I coded my deck’s emote filter myself.

getting too expensive, or the carrier of that virus, or anything else that the corp wants to cover up or redirect blame toward. Similarly, if some opposing group or thought or fact emerges, they simply find a way to attach the fear to that. That new political party or rival corporation is full of metahumans, or secretly backed by a worldwide conspiracy of metahumans, or some other such bullshit. The attachment of the fear can be overt, or it can be subtle. Either way, the effect is the same. People instinctively, without fully realizing, move away from the source of their fear.

- Slamm-0!
