---
id: NF-0251
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Stacking and Omission
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Stacking and Omission

Just because a corp may _want_ something to be true doesn’t make it so. Inevitably, contradictory opinions, facts, and events emerge. Does this ruin the myth the corporation has constructed? Not in the least—they’re ready for that! Tearing down an inconvenient contradiction is done through presenting an argument that is rigged from the start. The media piece will _appear_ to consider a dissenting point of view, but the entire thing is just a setup to utterly destroy the opposing fact or point of view. All of the facts and research will be shown to be on the side of the lie, or preferred narrative.



**==> picture [287 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

People presenting or defending the preferred message will always be the type that is found to be the most palatable to the target audience. That could mean a middle-aged white male in the UCAS, or an elderly Chinese female in Hong Kong. Trust me, the media divisions of these places know _exactly_ the right kind of face to put to the message to make sure it is best received.

- Aren’t these stereotypes a thing of the past now? Do people still cling so tightly to these outdated ideas based on race and gender?

- Cosmo

- Yes, because people are still people. They keep their tendency to separate into tribes, and superficial differences are one of the easiest ways to divide.

- Mihoshi Oni

By far the most common tactic in stacking the argument is simple omission. Is there a fact or event that is really too real for the falsehood you are trying to push? Just don’t report it. Don’t talk about those protests, or the people dying from that product, or the person who just got arrested who was so trusted just the day before. The world is a big, busy, and complicated place. People just don’t have the time or energy to find out what’s going on in the world for themselves. They rely on what the news outlets tell them is going on in the world, and if those media channels don’t tell them that something happened, then it might as well not have happened in the minds of the thousands of average wageslaves out there.
