---
id: NF-0118
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: The Bar (Lima, Peru)
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Bar (Lima, Peru)

Run by expats, backpackers, and runners who need a place to lie low, The Bar in Lima is not a taste of home, wherever that may be—it’s a taste of _everyone’s_ home, wherever that may be. It’s a seventy-thirty ratio of light-to-dark blended beer because “it tastes better that way, and fuck pretensions.” It’s the Korean grad student from LA telling you about the mummies that were found on the far north side of the city at 2 a.m. over a bowl of “Cajun” chicken wings that may as well be straight Sriracha with a heavy hand of Mrs. Dash. It’s BBQ chips on your sauerkraut quesadilla while shit-talking the rowdy Brits on the other side of the wall with a troll from Toronto. It’s a gritty elf playing classic blues rock in the corner with a Bollywood trid projected behind him. It’s a Renraku salaryman who comes in just to pass out at the end of the bar every night. It’s Czech lessons from a Russian contractor, and an Argentinian professor who’s just stopping over on the way to the Urban Brawl World Cup.

The Bar is not a melting pot. It is not fusion, and it is not pretty. It is a stupid, wonderful, chaotic, desperate mess, and it is one of my favorite places on the planet.

Started by a Wisconsin troll and Peruvian elf couple as a way to simultaneously escape and fuse their different interests, the music scene at the Bar is accordingly schizophrenic. Sure, you’ll see plenty of local talent, from the buskers to start-up Hueyno-Tondero grunge kids. You’ll also see just about anyone worth seeing who’s passing through Lima. Truth be told, I don’t know how the proprietors make contact and convince busy talents to fit a two


or three-hour gig into their already crammed schedules. Maybe they have connections with bigger fish. Maybe they have deep pockets. Maybe it’s magic. At this point, it may just be that word of mouth has spread in just the right circles and the bands seek out the Bar. Whatever the method, over the years, I’ve seen UK punk, Chicago-style witch house, Japanese neo-shamisen, German folk, and Angolan club tracks performed within this tiny dive.
