---
id: NF-0150
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Blood Runners (CBC)
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blood Runners (CBC)

Renewed for a second season! Private investigator Jack Yeats and his friends, former corp mage Diane Oliver and self-taught decker Greg McAdams, face off against blood mages, gangs, paranormal critters, and a plethora of other dangers as they solve crimes, stop corruption, and help the downtrodden. But Jack has his own dark secret— he’s a vampire, forced to feed on human blood! Will Yeats succumb to his thirst, or will he hold true to his promise to help those in need?

- Despite its lackluster name, this show is surprisingly good. It’s not award-winning good, but the acting and writing are entertaining enough that it got renewed. The writers at least make a token effort at keeping the blood motif from just being about Yeats. Every few episodes, they’re going after a rogue Infected, or a blood mage, or some other critter that has something to do with blood.

- Sunshine

- Are you kidding me? Yeah, okay, the actors are decent enough, but every Infected in the show other than Yeats has been portrayed as either a bloodthirsty fiend or a self-hating emo who’s happy to meet their end. Hollywood drek at its worst.

- Red

- A little sensitive, Red?

- Clockwork

- I’d tell you to bite me, but that’s too much irony for my liking.

- Red

- Rumors are flying around the Infected community that they don’t appreciate that Grant isn’t a vampire. There’s word in the shadows that he’s got a fang-shaped bullseye on him. Money and favors are being traded to get hold of him and offer him some lessons in method acting.

- Hannibelle

- I haven’t heard those rumors.

- Red

- The shadowy side of Infected life may not open up to you that much. You’ve got a bit of a rep.

- Hannibelle
