---
id: NF-0035
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Ares
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares

Ares is the apotheosis of Straussian ideologies and Manichean beliefs espoused by the cold warriors and post-collapse military thinkers who Damien Knight learned from and served under. The corp has a particularly American strain of war and military adventurism running throughout it,



and the Greek god it takes its name from embodies a particularly bloody, brutal form of war (as opposed to the more controlled strategy of Athena). When the U.S. military shrank to virtually nothing and its empire collapsed, Ares became its replacement in the eyes of North Americans and the world. When President Colloton was elected and instituted her military Keynesian, it was a broadside attack on Ares that has persisted for over a decade. Now the UCAS has positioned itself as the world’s rent-a-cop, subsidized by corporations and governments that know how valuable the U.S. military’s investment had been for global capital during the Cold War. This pattern repeats constantly. Who jumped in to fill Argus’s void following the Az-Am War? The UCAS. Who replaced all of those mercenary peacekeepers? The UCAS. The UCAS is directly challenging Ares at its own game.

But I’m supposed to be talking about communications. Ares remains the largest media corporation in the world, fitting given its primacy as the largest and oldest North American AAA megacorporation. While Horizon and others have further filled out that role, Ares is the purest form of a certain strain of North American mass media. It traffics in fear and terror, conflict and division. Everything is a struggle. Conquest of new worlds, ruthless exploitation and protection of resources are fundamental to protect “our way of life,” and the vision of the world being sought or protected is orderly, homogenous, and superficial. While Ares Global Entertainment is headquartered in Paris, Ares sells its Americana flavor worldwide to eager Western audiences because it appeals to countless people who have grown up in areas shaped by corporatism, war, and nationalism.

There are gnawing resentments at the heart of Ares, and one of them has to do with Cross. The fact that Ares failed to acquire or has since lost whatever parts of Cross Entertainment it had is infuriating to corporate leaders. If Ares had been successful in 2064 and 2065, it would have been unstoppable, as it would’ve owned or controlled enough media resources to eventually crush every competitor save for Aztechnology and Mitsuhama and even threatened the independence of other AAA megacorporations. Its competitors saw this, though, and stopped it from happening, protecting themselves while CATCo fell.

With all the tools and experience at its disposal, Ares is a master propagandist, commanding and controlling the consumers and public spheres it touches. Ares’ cachet in security and military ingratiated it with authority figures, and it has a strong authoritarian and hierarchical bias toward fictional archetypes who are seen as strong and strong-willed. These depictions are far more common in entertainment than news, since that is what actually shapes most consumers’ perceptions of the world, but its non-fiction and news

productions heavily emphasize military and security prowess. It venerates antisocial behavior even in contravention of laws and corporate principles to ensure that the villain is defeated. In the view of Ares execs, creating divisions and encouraging people to love or hate its content is worth far more than producing forgettable content.

It is also important to note that AGE and Knight Errant have an intimate and inextricable relationship. The megacorporations all know this and have made this relationship a cornerstone of their activities. This, of course, is part of why _Chase: Errant Knight_ is becoming not just a hit series but a cornerstone entertainment franchise.
