---
id: NF-0311
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Netcat'
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Netcat

There are a lot of players who jump from league to league, and a lot of teams (coaches, managers, owners, and support staff) that span multiple games. There are plenty of video games that don’t quite overlap but still have transferrable skills from one game to the other, and if you’ve got a welloiled machine that knows how to work together in one VR first-person shooter, the odds are good that same squad of nerds can do well working together in some other VR first-person shooter.

- The Fairlight Fireknights are totally the kick-assiest example of this sort of thing. They’ve dominated in three different leagues since ’78, bringing home eight trophies and consistently placing well. One of their players, Highball, even jumped out of the full-VR scene and hard-carried in **Miracle Shooter** for a clutch playoff run last season.

- /dev/grrl

- No foolin’? Unless hackers aren’t picky about who uses their handles, I know that kid. He’s a combat decker who worked his way out of the Cereal Killers and into freelance work for the Gianellis. Lemme guess—that sort of longshot stunt he pulled, it really fucked up the Vegas numbers for that game, huh?

  - Kincaid

- … drek.

- Winterhawk

**The Buzz:** Because this is kind of a bulldrek, potpourri, catch-all way to label so many differentgames the same way, there’re plenty of different games’ worth of controversy to be had. E-sports routinely allow (and encourage, and as such demand) plenty of headware, but some leagues, for some games, still allow adepts and technomancers (making them functionally illegal, or at least risky, in several prominent territories).

- One thing Slamm-0! doesn’t mention (in this blessedly brief read) is how often corporations use e-sports as a recruitment and light training tool for corporate spiders and the like. Many a garage-kit hacker’s gotten steered down the white-hat path by getting seduced by sponsorships and scholarships, sent off to a good school as a student-athlete this way, and ended up signing their lives away to corporate security contracts.

- Pistons

- Especially metas.

- Bull

- And other disenfranchised folks.

- Hannibelle
