---
id: NF-0271
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: SpinGlobal
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SpinGlobal

SpinGlobal is the newest AAA corporation on the block, and it is one of stark contrasts and big personalities. Born of the merger between Lisbon-based Spinrad Industries and Middle-Eastbased Global Sandstorm, on the surface it would appear to be an unsteady entity of clashing cultures. At least, that’s what all the opposition that underestimated them thought. In the time since the merger and the acquisition of a seat on the Corporate Court, SpinGlobal has shown that they deserve their position. Following the style of their flamboyant leader, Johnny Spinrad, the media branch of the corporation seems to have adopted a “go big or go home” attitude. For better or worse,

LEADINGthey have picked an outlandish in-your-face style and are sticking to it (though part of this means different branches rebel against any directives from HQ and put their own stamp on things, so Spinrad offerings vary from place to place). They have major studios operating out of Portugal, the Arabian peninsula, and Mumbai, India, with the venerable Regency MegaMedia. All of which are producing content at a prolific rate.

- That’s for sure! Regency just released the **fifth** sequel in the **Married in Mumbai** series. People don’t seem to care how predictable and formulaic it is, they still buy the sim just to see what crazy costumes and choreography are going to be in this one. There’s an entire trid channel dedicated to the adventures and exploits of Johnny Spinrad himself. I can’t believe all the crazy shit that guy does while managing to run an AAA corp.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- That’s because it isn’t all him! Most of the time you are watching a stunt double with some remarkable plastic surgery done to look like Johnny. Plus, they’re not stupid enough to announce the upcoming location and dangerous exploits of a person so many people would pay to see a fatal accident happen to. Ever wonder why he recovers from injuries so fast? Because they just pull another double out of the stable to take his place.
