---
id: NF-0155
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Dessert Wars (CBC)
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dessert Wars (CBC)

A fun little show that somehow fails to be ruined by the relentless corporate affiliations being blasted in your face, _Dessert Wars_ is Ares’ playful entry into competitive cooking, as well as a kind of olive branch extended to other megas to foster good will. Just like _Desert Wars_ , different corporations send in teams of their best. Unlike the war games, however, the teams compete in a battle royale of culinary daring. Celebrity guests judge each competition, spanning the megacorporate and political spectrum. While there’s a cash prize for the winning team, the real coup is that their corp gets some prime advertising spots to go with it. But everyone knows we’re the real winners.

er-changing Sixth World. Alex and Vivian Rapos, a mixed-race couple from Chicago, were bystanders in the Night of Rage. A female dwarf running from a mob hurled her own baby into the hands of these newly minted parents before getting torn apart on their front lawn. The young dwarf foundling (Hope) now has to grow up with two siblings (Jackie and Joy) while their parents live with the guilt of Hope’s mother’s death and hide this fact from their adopted daughter as they raise her alongside their twins in the ashes of the Night of Rage. Episodes jump between 2039 and 2065, bouncing between the early lives and struggles of Alex and Vivian and how the siblings’ lives are evolving in a world that is slowly growing more tolerant.

- OMG I did not see the twist coming when they flashed back and Alex was beating Hope’s mom to death on the front lawn in order to convince the mob and save Hope.

- Slamm-0!

- You know, I’m torn. I mean, I know this is media drek for the masses, but I can’t help but see that this is actually changing people’s attitudes.

- Calorie

- Well, it sure is generating a lot of controversy. And that translates into ratings. And that translates into nuyen.

- Sunshine

- Yeah, but they’re doing the right thing for the wrong reasons. Does that make it okay?

- Calorie

- Does the end justify the means? Social change with a tidy profit? Sounds a lot like what we do.

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- 2XL

- Not gonna lie, seeing Aunt Sally come out of retirement to judge was awesome, but I got pretty misty when she helped show the Evo kid how to gut an incubus. I wish I had someone like her growing up.

  - Yeah, but you know what Humanis and Alamos 20K are willing to pay for runs against the cast, right?

  - Calorie

- Slamm-0!

- After the last show’s plans were almost lifted by a shadow op aimed at gaining an advantage in coming up with recipes for the secret ingredient, Ares Sports has been considering making a tiein where the corps get to contract runners to extract the plans on purpose. It’s been bouncing around the boardroom, but **Dessert Wars** isn’t quite pulling in the ratings to warrant a spin-off, and they’re worried it’ll upset the balance of the show if it’s more about who can steal the plans better than who greases the pans.

- **>** Kia
