---
id: NF-0250
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Environmental Theorist Continues Tirades - Lyon, France
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Environmental Theorist Continues Tirades

## Lyon, France

Environmental alarmist Esa Ame, most well known for her unverified articles on alleged environmental damage from the magical telesma industry, held another overly dramatic rally near Lyon, France this Wednesday. In a rambling speech, Ame made wild and dire predictions about the state of the magical environment if magical telesma operations continue in the French countryside. A small rabble of adherents were present, as well as several dozen riot police who were fortunately on hand to keep the mob contained. Ame was later detained by authorities for inciting a riot. She was subsequently released on bail.

and questioning it becomes rare. The lie becomes something that everyone simply “knows.” Well everyone knows that, it’s common sense. Right?

- No way this is that easy. People will believe any made-up thing if they are just told it enough?

- Cosmo

- It absolutely is that easy. Here’s an example for you: orks are menial workers and criminals. Everyone **knows** that right? Hell, even other orks will admit to that. But where did that “fact” come from? How was it verified? More importantly, who first started spreading it?

- Mihoshi Oni

Reinforcing the lie also means spreading it to other channels. Since the media channels are owned by giant corporations that own other corporations, this has gotten much easier. A message that the corporation wants to get across doesn’t just appear in news stories: it also appears in advertising, entertainment, and education. Want to reinforce that all metahumans are vile? Then have ugly metahumans representing the dust bunnies that your new drone vacuum sucks up. Show the “flaws” or “abnormalities” in metahuman physiology in the textbooks at school. Have metahumans always be the villain in all the entertainment trids and sims that you produce. Before you know it, that message simply becomes a fact that everyone accepts. If the machine is _really_ working, then that fact becomes part of a person’s very identity that they will fight and argue to protect.

- That’s when the lie reaches critical mass, isn’t it? Once a part of a person’s self-identity depends on the lie being true, they will do whatever it takes to reinforce that truth. They simply can’t accept that the thing they believe to be true might not be. To that end, they become part of the lying machine, searching for whatever evidence can be found to reinforce the truth they believe in. They’ll argue with anyone who tries to deny it. They amplify and reinforce the lie without the corp ever having to do anything else.

- Dr. Spin
