---
id: NF-0115
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Maingay na Isla (Philippines)
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Maingay na Isla (Philippines)

There really is no lead-in to this one, I’m sorry to say. There’s no historical background, no cultural significance. This place does not offer you a lens through which to view humanity. It’s just freaking cool.

The Philippines are a group of over seven thousand islands whose exact number changes based on the tide and the current ice cap status. A couple thousand of them are inhabited, but a lot of them get ignored as either too small, too short on resources, or too isolated. Luckily, if you’re only looking to get down for about twelve hours with a hundred or so like-minded individuals, none of that shit matters.

That’s the case with Maingay na Isla. Here’s the deal: Passenger boats in Manila are always looking to turn a quick buck, so if you ask them at the end of their shift, they’ll take you to an island an hour or so to the west of the city. They’ll charge a steep price, but it’s worth it. Grab a few friends and split it. On any given night, the island is full of foreigners looking to keep the party going. A half-dozen bands will inevitably play, although they’re rarely scheduled in advance and almost never publicized widely. You can drink, relax by the ocean, listen to some jams, or rage right in front of the stage. Whatever your preferred flavor of desert island is, there will be plenty like you. Right before the sun comes up in the morning, when you’re either coming down or at peak frenzy, a fleet of passenger boats will arrive to take the crowd back to the city before their first round of carting tourists around.

It should be pointed out that this is not a tourist destination. You won’t find posters on the streets or boatmen trying to scam in you into taking a ride. Maybe they all know there’ll be business without the extra effort. Maybe it’s out of a need to keep the island under the radar, safe from real estate developers and sleazy agents. Whatever the reason, nobody really advertises it. Besides, it’s not really the kind of place you’d like if you’re wearing a Hawaiian shirt and sipping a piña colada. I found out about it from an Aztláner bartender who liked my accent. She’d been in the city for six months and only just found out about it a few weeks before I came along.

No one knows how it started; I asked a dozen people and got a dozen different answers. You hear tales of this sagely bar owner or that passing corp suit looking to make an extra buck out of scraps, but ultimately it seems to have manifested from the sea, from a need of the locals and those passing through to have a bit of freedom and isolation to cut loose for a while.
