---
id: NF-0088
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'The Brickhouse - Posted by: Wendy Storms'
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Brickhouse

## Posted by: Wendy Storms

The Brickhouse was once described to me as a stubborn prize fighter. No matter how many times you knock it down, chances are it’s going to get back up again. Located in the heart of Ares Town (a.k.a. Detroit), the Brickhouse has always stood out as a glaring eyesore in contrast to the projected corporate utopianism. From its chipped and rough brick exterior that was first erected in 2022, The Brickhouse started out as just another local dive bar. But as the Ares renovation began to take hold within the city, the little dive bar became a small beacon of non-conformity when the owner, Ben “Bix” Bixby, backed up by several local “associations,” fended off attempts to buy the place out. Several years and six owners later, the Brickhouse became _the_ place to go if you wanted to get away

from the stifling corporate omnipresence. In 2053, Bix’s son Jackson brought the Brickhouse back into the family and added a small stage in the back. That small decision forever altered the bar’s destiny. Soon, the Brickhouse became known as one of those small hole-in-the-wall venues where people could see up-and-coming as well as local staple acts. The place itself is physically unremarkable, just another three-story brick building, but people come here to partake in the feeling of defiant action the place inspires.

- Their locally produced craft beer is also the stuff of legends. I highly suggest the Camshaft Stout and the Eight-Mile Red Lager.

- **>** Traveler Jones

- Come for the drinks and music, stay for the corporate defiance. I need to visit this place.

- Old Crow

But that’s not what made the Brickhouse a legend. As already stated, the place stood out like a handful of sore thumbs, which went against the image Ares wanted to project for “their” city. So like any good corporation, they tried to take it over. From 2055 to 2063, the Brickhouse survived not only hostile takeovers, but a score of direct attacks designed to literally destroy the place—and with each failure, there would be a massive blow-out party that drew names like Jetblack and even Maria M herself. Eventually, the cost of trying to take the place out outweighed the rewards, and “the House” was left alone. Though it would end up battered, the Brickhouse still stood strong and independent, and you know what? It’s still there, thumbing its nose at the corporate establishment, kicking out tunes and brew.

- Trolling Thunder headlined the last rebuild party. Fun fact, they came right from a run to the party and performed for three hours in full body armor.

- Rifleman

- Okay, so how does a dive bar get enough juice to hold out against Ares for almost a bloody decade?

- Treadle

- It became too much of a hassle, and the costs outweighed reward as gangs and shadowrunners on both sides got involved. Currently, local business owner (and semi-retired shadowrunner) Marvin Castle owns the Brickhouse—and all of the other buildings on the block.

- Mr. Bonds

- Wait, doesn’t Castle also own Platinum Trollgirls?

- Stone

- **Si** . That particular establishment also happens to be located directly opposite the Brickhouse on the other side of said block.



It also doesn’t hurt that Castle’s patronage comes with the added benefit of having several allies of the, how one would say, **mercenary persuasion** at his beck and call for when things start to get out of hand.

**>** Picador

- In the last five years, Platinum, the Brickhouse, and several other shops on that block have become one of the major biz hubs within the city. I’d estimate that at least fifty to sixty percent of all shadow deals that go on in Detroit happen on that block under Castle and crew’s protection. I’ve even heard rumblings that some old service tunnels were discovered and now connect every damn building there. Add in Castle’s allies, associates, and connections, and that block is pretty much an armored fortress. It’s no wonder Ares decided to let their little war cool off.

**>** Turbo Bunny
