---
id: NF-0060
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Fragging Unicorns
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fragging Unicorns

The Fragging Unicorns are the musical wrench in the gears of the Sixth World. Late in 2076, this street-punk ensemble began popping up at all manner of venues worldwide. Wherever there was rabble to be roused or a crowd waiting to be whipped up, they seemed to be right there in the midst, creating chaos. These cats seem to exist solely to harmonically frag the system wherever they go. No corporation officially owns them, but somehow, they are getting gigs in all the major venues, even corp-sponsored events. Most recently, they are finishing up their Rainbows of the Abyss World Tour, following up their underground hit album, _Lone Star Supernova_ .



**>** FU isn’t just a band; it’s a revolution, a way of life.

**>** Red

- Preach.

- **>** Old Crow

FU band members are hard to get info on. That is, their stage names are commonly known, but their faces are always obscured by masks, tech, or extreme makeup. They remain as mysterious as they are popular. Their Mascot, Fraggy, has emerged in the last few years as a frequent resistance icon at anti-authoritarian rallies.

- They do this because the FU aren’t a real band. The whole gig is a front. The whole band is made up of shadowrunners.

- Dr. Spin

- Hahaha! They’re the most musically inclined runners I’ve ever met, then. Why run at all when you can wail like them!?

- Slamm-0!

- They aren’t wailing. They just dress up and pretend to play, whipping crowds up so they can use the chaos to pull off heists.

- **>** Dr. Spin

- Sure, man. Whatever, we get it. You don’t like non-corp bands. But honestly, let people like what they like. **Bug City Sushi** and **Neon Grifter** were amazing albums. You just don’t have time to put out that level of sauce if you’re splitting your time running shadows.

- Borderline

The number of band members seems to fluctuate from venue to venue, but at least a few of the theatrical players have changed over the years. Originally, the band consisted of Rust-bucket, MBT, Dark ’n’ Stuff, Abilene, and Rev. Blackfeather. After their first few shows, band members Wiggida[3] Wack, Sprocket, and Mr. Trix were added. Lately, however, new members Steel Eyes, Prism Shard, and Wryder X have joined, while Abilene and Mr. Trix haven’t been seen in months.

- Wonder what happened to Abilene and Mr. Trix? They were favorites of mine. Remember how they used to argue on stage all the time?

- Slamm-0!

**>** No one is going to address that?

**>** Snopes

- No one? Ugh. This place.

**>** Snopes

- Some of us know a reference when we see it, and we just let it pass.

- X-Prime
