---
id: NF-0258
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Bull'
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Bull

If the honeypot is successful, then the corporate asshats can start working the inside angle to discredit or take down the source. The easiest thing is to start feeding them false information. If the source trusts the honeypot enough, then they will start to repeat the bullshit they are being fed and silently become another drone spouting the corporate lie. If the target is too smart for that, they will be fed information that sounds like something they _want_ to believe but can be proven false. This allows the hecklers to point out that the source is wrong and cast doubt onto everything else that they will say or have said. Other times they will try to lure the target into some sort of scandal so they can use it to publicly shame or blackmail them. This could be getting them to accept dirty money, bribes, or “donations” that can be traced back to a dubious source. The compromised source could end up divulging a secret of a personal nature that can be used against them. An organization could be drawn into coughing up secret information about questionable or illegal business practices. Finally, there is the never-gets-old sex scandal—the more salacious, the better. This depends on the prudishness of the audience, but there is always _something_ of a sexual nature that people will find abhorrent, and there always seems to be a person secretly doing it. Oftentimes just getting the likeness of the target to use in a faked image, video, or (gross) sim recording is enough.

- I suppose everyone has **something** in their life or past that could be used against them. What if it has nothing to do with what they are saying? Aren’t they still telling the truth about what’s going on in the world?

- Kane

- Clockwork

The honeypot can take many forms. For organizations, it can be a particularly lucrative business deal, or a super-wealthy sponsor or investor who suddenly appears and wants to throw money at the organization that “aligns with their ideals.” If the “problem” is an individual, then the honeypot could take the form of a representative offering to increase the reach of their stories, an adoring fan who praises their tenacity and intelligence, or the one that never gets old: someone of the race and gender that the target finds sexually attractive. While the form is different, the intention is always the same: to gain the confidence of the target in order to subvert it.

- You’d be surprised at how quickly opinions can be swayed by such things. If the person was already saying things that ran against social norms or the approved message of the corporations, they’re already sticking their ass out in the wind. Corp drones are already calling them a deviant or terrorist. Then something comes out that seems to validate those criticisms, and all the followers and supporters jump the grid before it converges on them too.
