---
id: NF-0298
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Baka Dabora'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Baka Dabora

It’s an ugly situation, it’s just one situation out of many (the same sort of thing happens plenty in tons of other sports, I’m just picking on football because



I’m watching a Seahawks game while I write this up), and it’s not getting better any time soon. There were problematic overtones to this sort of stuff back in the twencen when it was all humans, all the time, and we were just talking about skin color. Now that there’s even more meaningful physical differences and lifespan discrepancies to go along with that pigmentation stuff? Man, people can suck.

On the bright side, fans have started to notice it, and stage their own little protests from time to time. A hacking attack during a pre-season game last season left multiple pro teams with their jerseys and digital overlays tampered with. Orkish and trollish linemen had their last names removed from their jerseys and the on-screen datafiles, so that they were literally only numbers, pieces on the field being maneuvered to protect the players with faces and names.

- “A hacking attack,” he says. Vaguely. Coyly.

- Netcat

- Innocently.

- Slamm-0!

Turns out, it caught on. Players started to physically alter their jerseys to match (tearing the letters off and leaving just their numbers), fans modified their jerseys at home to do the same thing, and even a few franchise-contracted, skill-position, fancy-pants, superstar types played along and started to refer to themselves by number or position instead of by name. A dialogue got started. It hasn’t led anywhere yet, and all the usual jerks were piling in to say all the usual things and try to shut it down, but a dialogue got started. If it leads to me loving the Seahawks guilt-free, great. Passion counts. Passion can change things.

People get passionate about their sports, and leagues get passionate about that passion. It’s the interest of the public that makes a professional team a license to print money, but it’s a fine tightrope that league commissioners and other officials have to walk. Too little interest from fans, and the money dries up. Too much interest from fans, and you get assassination attempts, riots, hacking attacks, or litigation. Folks in the Sixth World care hard about the things they care about, and we can be fickle beasts.

- It’s nothing new, really. In 390 AD, a Greek charioteer flirted with the wrong Roman general, and got himself locked up for homosexuality. The locals were outraged at their chariot-driving hero being taken from them, so they rioted, overran the Roman encampment, freed their champion, lynched the general and torched downtown Thessalonica. The Emperor Theodosius sent in the troops and massacres ensued to restore order. Thousands of people died.

- Thorn

- You always did favor part-time lecturing assignments as cover identities.

- Fianchetto

- What can I say? History’s fun. It teaches us valuable lessons about what generals to flirt with.

- Thorn

Plenty of cities bear scars—physical and mental—from when fans have gotten too invested in the successes of their team. Sometimes these riots have started as celebrations and gotten out of hand, other times they’ve been indignant marches in the face of disgust over an official’s call or a player’s injury.

- And other times, of course, they’ve been sparked on by provocateurs who needed some chaos as cover for a gig, or who were planted by enemies of the franchise in question, or the whole thing’s just been blown out of proportion by the media and was just a dozen excited kids who happened to be wearing team colors. Lame.

- /dev/grrl

Now, before I leave you all thinking I’m no longer supporting my beloved Seattle franchises, I do want to say a few positive words about sports. For all that it might just be a side effect of corporate bloodsuckers taking our money, sports _do_ bring communities together. Plenty of athletes do a lot of good work for their hometowns and franchise-linked communities alike, and it’s not just for the mid-evening feel-good tridshow clips, either. Lots of these pros came up on harder streets than I did, that’s for sure, and they do their best to leverage their newfound wealth into improving where they came from.

Sometimes, there’ll even be a job offer in it for you, if you know the right people and have the right rep.

Other times, though, sports actually do what they pretend—they provide neighbors with a shared point of pride, a common ground for friendly discussions, or a bonding experience that can bring friends and families together. There’s something almost—excuse the phrase—almost magical about sitting in Bosco’s or The Sports Bar here in Downtown, looking out over a sea of blue and green jerseys and AR spam, and feeling the _roar_ that fills the place when the puck hits the ice to begin another Squall hockey season (or the blue and green of the Seahawks before kick-off, the blue and green of Mariners fans right before opening pitch, the blue and green of the Sounders before a soccer match, or…or…man, we like blue and green, huh?).

Yeah, the beer helps, don’t get me wrong. But there’s a sense of community in a moment like that; there’s a sense of drama as everyone in thebar cheers at the same moment, curses at the same moment, or winces at a hard hit up on the tridscreens at the same moment. Parents and kids spending some time together is a big deal, and family traditions could be built around worse stuff than a shared love of your hometown’s teams. Sportsmanship isn’t all dead, and neither is civic pride. There can be an ugly belly to modern sports, but there’s some good to be found in it, too.
