---
id: NF-0281
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Annotated
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Annotated

I don’t think any other group embodies the spirit and attitude of this war for the truth more than Annotated. They’re another purely virtual group, but beyond that they couldn’t be more different from Reconstruction. Where Reconstruction seeks to present a pure and unfiltered truth without any editorial or opinion, Annotated is almost completely editorial and attitude. The way I see it, they are the perfect voice for the kind of pluck that it will take to wake up all the info-sleepers to what is really going on in this world. To show them how much of a bag of lies we’re being fed each and every day. Annotated is the new free voice.

- Preach it, sister!

- **>** Slamm-0?

What Annotated does is take the news and _correct_ it, alter it, and just generally shovel the drek off of it. How exactly they do this depends on the medium in which the news is delivered. For purely text stories, Annotated simply alters or edits the text. They will stroke out incorrect “facts,” they will expand quotes to show how they are being twisted, and add footnotes that give additional information or link to corrective sources. In video and VR, the corrections take on much more hilarious forms. Sometimes, I guess if they’re feeling bored or don’t have a lot of time, they will just insert windows, speech bubbles, or other elements that correct whatever is being said or shown in real time. Even in this form, they use garish colors and styles to intentionally differ from the bland and sterilized form that the corporate-sponsored newscasts take.

- This format is also used when the corrections are more subtle or need to be more specific to the story at hand. It can be really difficult to correct some of the more deep and insidious pieces of misinformation in a comical way. To their credit, Annotated still manages to get the information across.

- Kay St. Irregular


**==> picture [19 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
119<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Their more outlandish corrections have made Annotated a legend on the Matrix. Their VR and video editing is absolutely top-notch, without a doubt, and creativity always keeps people amused. Often they will pick some sort of stylistic theme for the images used in their corrections to the video. There was the video where a little girl in pigtails skipped into the scene, blowing bubbles with corrected text or images on them, and then pulled out a crayon to start coloring over the charts and figures that were being displayed. Another time they had a whole gang of cartoonish punk gangers crash into the VR news studio and smash all of the news elements that were in error with bats or chains and such, then pull out cans of AR paint to write corrective information, in addition to making some lewd gestures at the news casters. My favorite, though, probably because of its charming simplicity, was the time the dragon flew down and ate pompous newscaster Vance Tanner, then proceeded to put on a pair of tiny reading glasses and deliver the corrected story instead.

- How can you not mention the VR broadcast where they made an insect spirit rip its way out of that dude’s body! Right as he was saying “the cause isn’t known.” I mean, it scared the shit out of me at the time, but they sure got their point across. “It was bugs.”

- **>** Pistons

**>** You would like the graphic and obvious one wouldn’t you? Personally, I think the “meta-racist rant” annotation was far more brilliant. As that stuck-up talking head kept going on about how all the problems were to be blamed on the “races without a long cultural lineage” (read: orks and trolls), he started to look more and more like an ork. By the time the asshole was done with his thinly disguised racist tirade, he was the ugliest ork I’ve ever seen.
