---
id: NF-0026
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Broadcast
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Broadcast

Broadcast media was supposed to be dead by now.

A broadcast offers almost none of the advantages people want from their entertainment. It happens on its own schedule, not yours. It has commercial interruptions that you don’t have to endure if you wait a little to watch a show, or pay a little extra. Many analysts thought the broadcast model was on its way out sixty years ago, but here it remains, in our Matrix-centric world. How is it surviving?

Analysts underestimated the creativity of network executives in developing revenue streams. For filmed programming, in-show ads have virtually disappeared, except for a brief ad or two before each program. Product placement, however, has shot up, though it only becomes truly lucrative when the show becomes a hit. Your new Generic Cop/Lawyer/Doctor Show isn’t going to rack up a lot of nuyen in critical product placement, but once advertisers know you’ve got millions of eyes watching your breakout character, they’ll pay nicely to ensure they’re wearing the right threads, usingthe right commlinks, and dining at the right establishments. Remember, Chase, Errant Knight, didn’t develop his love for his special BMW 400GT until season two.

While product placement is an old tactic, broadcasters made real headway with Matrix-assisted innovations in ad placement. Media mavens have long known that people watch their entertainment with another screen nearby. When someone is watching _The Runners_ , they become exponentially more likely to search for, say Ruairidh Torres to see what else he has been in and whether he’s ever showed his ass in previous roles. Your PAN knows what the other parts of your PAN are doing, so if you visit Torres’ credits or watch his ass videos during or soon after watching _The Runners_ , your PAN dutifully informs the sites you visited of this fact, and just like that, some of the revenue for the ads from that site flow back to the networks. If you buy anything you saw on the show, the show gets a cut. If you buy a song you heard on the show, or even listen to it shortly after watching the show, the show gets a cut. Cross-promotion breeds data, and data breeds revenue.

- You see, people? You are being watched **all the time** . Get serious about privacy.

- Clockwork

And, of course, network programming makes its way to the various streaming packages, and they get revenue there, too. They make themselves an event for the first-wave cultural adapters, and then streaming services pay for the rights to share their precious programming with you.

With this sort of innovation, broadcast survives. Radio, trideo, and even some limited simsense broadcasts are blasted across the face of the Earth through antennas and satellite transmitters.
