---
id: NF-0218
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: HTB (Hisato-Turner Broadcasting Corporation, CAS)
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## HTB (Hisato-Turner Broadcasting Corporation, CAS)

Ted Turner once created this major network, which later merged with a Japanese network. HTB is now one of the biggest networks in NA as well as Asia. The range of channels belonging to HTB is countless. Their portfolio includes names like Ancient Wisdom (documentaries), H-T Sports, H-TNT (main trid series channel), HTB Channel 22 (world business news), HTB MegaStation (main program), NostalgiaVids (old flat vids), Toon Horizon, and of course the infamous NewsNet (NN). Since the takeover and integration into Pathfinder in ’72, HTB has become part of the greater Horizon family. While NN once had a history of independent reporting, journalistic integrity was long ago set aside for ratings. The race to be first in all the news is constant, with BREAKING NEWS! alerts constantly popping up, hyped up, and promised to be talked about … right after this commercial break. They’re generally based in actual facts, but they sensationalize everything and force-feed it to you while screaming that this is the most important news fact in the history of everything right until another new story drops to take the trophy. Horizon has promised to improve the network, but what that means, exactly, is still unknown. Ah, Billionaire Ted, how far your baby has fallen.

**>** Horizon’s various other trid stations, like H-Channel or the Hard Ball Sports Network, are considered “independents.” **>** Sunshine
