---
id: NF-0110
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Oo Ghyap, Tibet
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Oo Ghyap, Tibet

The Maya Cloud is waning. The misty veil that blocked all travel into or out of Tibet has been slowly weakening for over fifteen years. For two generations, the people have lived in absolute isolation, their lives run by doctrine and tradition, and that is slowly coming to an end. Various corps have lined the exterior of the magic wall, waiting in the wings to supply the rare traveler with whatever new and amazing experiences they may need.

Enter Oo Ghyap, a twenty-something, heavily tattooed, ex-Buddhist monk who’s redefining what it means to find Nirvana. Taking a name that roughly translates to “breathe,” he is intent on breaking down conventions and barriers while exploring the essence of what it means to be part of the bigger picture.

He makes his music with smuggled-in equipment. We don’t know if he’s recording in a basement, at a mountain hideaway, or in town square with his middle finger raised high. Wherever it is he plays, he just smuggles the sound back out on data sticks and sends it out into the world.

To call what he makes “punk” would be an absolute disservice. His external influences are the pre-Awakening compact discs that were hidden

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



from the religious authorities almost a hundred years ago (clearly including some Riot and DangerSEX). The few tunes that he hears outside of the bubble seem like mere curiosities, and whatever someone has put on the media player that he was given only roughly translate in broad strokes. These form a crooked backbone to his work, but the flair is all Tibetan. An Erhu guitar and a half-dozen Tuvan throat-singers drone a chorus of melodies over a New York–worthy drum-thrashing, and Oo Ghyap pierces through it all with an unruly, angry racket, all faded band t-shirts and whiskey breath [see sidebar].

This, you must understand, is his freedom. To break free from the monastic, the regulated, the controlled; to escape the prison that he, and his father, and his father’s father were born into; to transcend beyond the finite and corporeal, and to ascend—through uprising and unrepentant expression—to a greater plane and become one with the big picture, to breathe deep, that first desperate gasp of air after suffocating for his entire life.

- Oo Ghyap might be based out of Tibet, but Tuvan throat singing is originally from Mongolia—where the number-three monk in the Tibetan Buddhist hierarchy, the Bogd Khan, basically runs the place. There have been rumors that he’s had a way to communicate through the Maya Cloud for years, which would explain how Oo Ghyap was able to get instruments into Tibet.

- **>** Traveler Jones
