---
id: NF-0207
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Paolo Escobar
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Paolo Escobar

Best known for his claims of being related to world-renowned drug kingpin Pablo Escobar, this producer has been known to loudly state, “They will forget my ancestor to remember me!”

Paolo is hungry for success and willing to use whatever means necessary. He doesn’t have the charms of some of his fellow industry counterparts, but he has the guile, wiles, and complete lack of moral fiber. That all adds up to a willingness to go to any length to solve any problem. His efforts are slowly gaining notice as his projects are making millions for the studios that take him on. None have offered him a lucrative contract to stick with them, likely due to the reputation he tends to leave behind. Paolo is having a lot of success working his way up in the entertainment world, but he is stepping on vast quantities of toes along the way. And by stepping, I mean stomping the drek out of. The bullseyes and baggage building up around him just aren’t worth the risk to the bottom line if trouble follows. The corps will make the money they can with his efforts but leave him to collect his own just rewards without backsplash on them.

- Reminds me of a lot of runners I know. Making good money, getting a lot of ticks in the win column, but leaving scores of enemies in their wake.

- Slamm-0!

- He’ll keep money flowing into the shadows, not just for his industry jobs, but also for the protection gigs. If they aren’t there already, contracts on him have to be coming out soon.

- Stone

- He’s got a spot, but the pay is low. Unless he starts hurting someone’s bottom line while helping his own, he won’t earn a big enough contract to collect until he gets himself a rich nemesis.

- Balladeer

- Oh, that’s cryptic. Whatever do you mean? *rolls eyes*

- Hard Exit
