---
id: NF-0159
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: The Master Wizard (KFOX)
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Master Wizard (KFOX)

Eight mages will enter the tower, but only one will emerge as _The Master Wizard_ ! Each week the contestants will have to meet a different challenge (or two!) and use their magical prowess to survive to the next week. Not only will the talents of each individual mage be put to the test, but also their traditions and schools! Who will be the last wizard standing? Find out this fall!

Here are the contestants:

Murray Pittman: A summoning expert from Brooklyn, Pitman has spent years training for thiscontest. He regularly competes in street magic contests and has yet to be defeated.

Charlease Newman: The youngest contestant and a prodigy from Boston, Charlease will have to show that talent is more important than experience. Just because she can’t drink doesn’t mean this dwarf can’t brew a mean potion!

Hu’ntar Bonner: Practicing the mysterious art of Bard Magic from Tír na nÓg, this elven mage will show the world what Irish magic can do! Bonner may not have fiery red hair, but he has the fire of magic in his heart!

Lucy Curry: Hailing from Dallas, Lucy is a southern belle who can freeze your mint julep with the snap of her fingers. Don’t underestimate her because of her accent, or you’ll find out how gracious a winner she can be!

Dr. Moses Vang: Dr. Vang is a researcher and professor at Georgetown. He might look like a mid-level account manager, but his knowledge of magic will surprise even the most seasoned wizard.

Sandra Moreno: This Chicago native has spent years working to tame the city’s bug problem. Can she exterminate the competition to become the Master Wizard?

Sumaiyah Holding: A nature-loving shaman from outside of Vancouver, Sumaiyah is an excellent horse rider and grows her own herbs. She is the medicine woman for her tribe and the only one who treats their bumps, bruises, and wounds.

Kiana Laing: Casting spells is what we all know wizards do, but some magic practitioners channel their powers to enhance their physical abilities. Martial arts expert and part-time stuntwoman Kiana will bring her San Francisco savvy to _The Master Wizard_ !

teered to leave the corp and enter the shadows on a quest for revenge. The series has caught up with two of the six runners responsible for his wife’s death, but the plots are beginning to shift the blame up the chain to whoever hired the runners, which hadn’t been spoken of or considered before this season (fiction, indeed). Horizon is obviously trying to talk about the evils of another mega. Especially considering evidence is building up to point at MayaCorp as the main culprit. Horizon gladly plastered their own logo all over the show but has chosen to avoid legal issues by poorly veiling rival Aztechnology as MayaCorp, even going so far as to use a logo that is awfully close to the Aztechnology totem.

- The show got bored with its native LA setting relatively quickly. The fourth season will be headed south of the border into MayaCorp’s home territory. Most of the filming will be done in the PCC, but Mr. Johnsons connected to Horizon are looking for teams of runners to take on a few cheesy milk runs in and around Tenochtitlan with the stipulation of taking a handsome face and a gaggle of video drones along.

- Dr. Spin

- And on the other side of the border, they’re gearing up to make those milk runs cost you dearly. It’s a dumb show, but Aztechnology wants none of the bad press Horizon is trying to throw their way on the sly.

- Marcos

- It’s all playing out as Horizon planned. Those milk runs are going to turn bloody, but they’re screening their teams. With a little backend editing magic every Jaguar that gets smoked is just an unpaid extra.

- Hard Exit

- Ahhh, marketing. They leave out that Dr. Holding went to medical school at UC Davis and lives in the suburbs.

- **>** Winterhawk

- Oh, this is true Corp Broadcasting 101. Make sure everyone is from different regions and has different appearances. Toss in at least one clear outsider and a few outliers (a shaman and adept) to spice things up a bit (and make sure they make it midway through the season), and you’re set.

  - Expect some Corp Court work coming from this silliness. These two are starting to act like dumbass punks on the playground. They’re not even trying to hide their attacks.

  - Kat St. Irregular

  - Makes you wonder what they’re covering up with this smokescreen.

  - Picador

- Sunshine
