---
id: NF-0069
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Schtick Mystique
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Schtick Mystique

The constant shift and twist of politics and policy in Tír Tairngire can give any outsider a headache. You can only imagine the Machiavellian migraine the locals have come up with. Maybe it’s no surprise they have a thriving underground punk scene. The most common assumption about “elvish” music is that it’s all like the government-approved New Age chimes and poetry they promote. That falls to pieces the moment you hear a band like Schtick Mystique, who utilize the multi-tiered innuendo forms of Sperethiel to mock mainstream culture and corporate oppression from every angle.

The band—four elves and an ork—use names based on the five Paths of the Wheel. Perhaps most insultingly to adherents of the Path, the ork is Rígh, and he is secondary vocals and drums. Rígh’s scorched vocal cords provide a death-metal rasp to Bard’s power singing, while Warrior, Steward, and Druid play the bass, guitar, and second guitar respectively.

Schtick Mystique hasn’t caught any corporate ears by way of the mainstream, as some of the conservative powers of the Tír are rumored to be working to contain them and hunt them down. A few interesting twists of legalese have led to them being accused of copyright infringement, despite a total lack of evidence, and there is a soft warrant for their arrest. Still, bootlegs of their work have made their way past the Tír Tairngire border, and it’s only a matter of time before the old blood of Tír na nÓg hear the songs that directly challenge them. What happens next is anyone’s guess.

- The extra insult? Sperethiel is a very melodic language with complicated rhyme structures. It’s considered very crass to drop from them. The lyrics to their songs only rhyme (in a way) when translated into English, and even then they drop the last verse’s structure. I can imagine that going over with Tír cultural patriots like hand razors across a chalkboard.

- Thorn

- I hear the Ancients are going crazy for this sound. No word yet on whether S&M has any relationship to them, but you can bet the Seattle heavies would pull serious strings for a live show.
