---
id: NF-0294
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'The Machine: Sports and Augmentations'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Machine: Sports and Augmentations

A hundred years ago, athletes pushed the boundaries of what was physically possible through a whole host of bizarre diets, training regimens, high-altitude workouts, sleeping in pressurized chambers, wrapping their bodies in weird tape, or dabbling in every imaginable flavor of performance enhancer. These days, that’s all pretty quaint compared to what most leagues sanction, encourage, or even require players to do.

Professional athletes these days are often hotbeds of mundane augmentations, cybered up at corporate clinics, pushing the boundaries of what a body can handle by stacking ’ware atop ’ware, or riding the cutting edge with nanite and geneTHRILLStech treatments. Athletes are uniquely situated to get crammed full of everything an R&D team can throw at them. The corporation wants them to succeed, since they’re walking, talking avatars of corporate prowess and pride. The corporation wants them to show off company products while they do so, since they’re walking, talking billboards. And lastly, of course, the corporation tends to have every legal right to implant whatever they want, regardless of risk to the subject, because athletes are walking, talking shills who hardly ever pay enough attention to the contracts they sign.

**>** Professional athletes tend to come in two styles: those painstakingly groomed for their position after years of corporate or corp-financed education (and therefore feel an obligation toward their sponsors, alongside maybe a decade or so of being told not to read the fine print), and those rarer, wildcard talents who scouts find struggling somewhere (and who are thus aware of the once-a-lifetime opportunity they’re being given and will eagerly sign their rights away for the chance for a better life). Corporate sponsors know what they’re doing. League officials know what they’re doing. Team administrators know what they’re doing. These kids sign up to train, study, work, play, and often fight and die for a team, and the team pays them a fraction of what that should be worth.
