---
id: NF-0108
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: The Last Dawayu, Nigeria
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Last Dawayu, Nigeria

In Old Cameroon, now Nigeria, there was once a tribe called the Dawayu. Their days consisted of farming, drinking, and most importantly, making music. These days were deceptively simple, as all of this was done under the knowing gaze of their ancestors—quite literally. After a Dawayu passed away, their body was buried for a time, and left to decompose. When the tissue had mostly rotted away or more often been eaten, the corpse’s skull was removed with a long staff and set upon a shelf outside of the family home. There they could watch the fields and the daily comings and goings of the family.

Westerners would naturally balk at this grave tradition and call it nonsense, but in fact, the Dawayu have a strong lineage of shamans who speak to the spirits of the ancestors, the animals and trees, and even the forces that control the weather—all through song. These traditions were first documented by Rigel Wheat in the early 1980s but have long been overlooked as hoodoo and nonsense. In time, the Dawayu died out like so many other rural tribes in southern hemispheres. With no one to remember them, their name vanished, and all traces of their existence seemed to turn to dust. Then, The Last Dawayu spoke up.

Clad in a hand-crafted wooden mask, and possessed of the shamanic talents of his ancestors, The Last Dawayu channels the restless spirits of his tribe to once again make music and dance among us. Ancient melodies from beyond the physical realm call out over synth and drum machines, reviving the Dawayu histories for a new age. While the musical style derives from the ancient rhythms, they are fed through a new-world synth and bass styling.

The historical content and uniquely necromantic nature of The Last Dawayu’s work has made him a curiosity in numerous eclectic circles. I’ve heard that he was in a London bunker club, but I saw him near Liberia, in the middle of the desert with mystics and pilgrims. I’ve heard that academics and even military representatives have begun taking an active interest in him as well.
