---
id: NF-0248
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Name Calling
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Name Calling

Everyone who was once a child can probably remember calling another child “butthead” or “poopy face” or something like that. We like to think that name-calling is strictly juvenile and that we all grow out of it, or that we are too mature to respond to that sort of thing anymore. Well, it may surprise you (or it may not, if you’re that jaded) that your average person does _not_ grow out of it—the practice just evolves and becomes more insidious.

- Old tricks are the best tricks. Sometimes you find something that works so well there’s no reason to stop. I have no problem calling someone a drekhead if they are being a drekhead.

- Glitch

- I don’t know why I keep being surprised by the pure, unfiltered evil of those goddamn corporations.

- Sunshine

Of course, once they had control, corruption spread throughout the system. Since JPA certification was the _only_ way to be a journalist now, schools offering journalism programs restructured their material to align with JPA-approved methods. Hell, JPA council members came to “consult” for the bigger universities so that they could brag about the “certification success rate” of their gradIn the twisted modern media, this tactic is practiced by simply slipping in words, usually adjectives, that have an instant negative association with your average person. A political rival may be assigned words like anarchist, rebel, or terrorist sympathizer. Ideas that are contrary to the desired status quo will be described as radical, cowardly, socialist, or weak. Words like these are tied to deep-rooted psychological associations for people. Even if someone has legitimate reasons for believing something or supporting a person, theywill have difficulty committing or keeping with that support because of how that person or idea is being described. “I’m no rebel or anarchist,” they think to themselves, so the associated idea clearly can’t be right.

- Unless those words mean something different to you. If some corp wageslave calls someone else an anarchist with radical ideas, that just gets my attention!

- Tolstoi

This also works when the tone of the words is reversed. Just as negative words generate a negative association, positive words generate a feel-good reaction. A person in a story can be introduced as wholesome, approachable, or down-to-earth. Ideas become reasonable, sensible, or forward-thinking. It’s as old as using a carrot and stick when training an animal, and people respond in similar ways. They instinctively move away from the stick and chase after the carrot.

In isolation, strong language like this would be easy to pick up and filter out, but when it is repeated often enough and spread widely, the effect is powerful.
