---
id: NF-0304
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: World Combat Cyclists League
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## World Combat Cyclists League

Atlanta Rebels Mitsuhama Ronin Baton Rouge Red Devils New Orleans Buzzsaws Chicago Lightning New York Marauders Cleveland Commandos Saeder-Krupp Drakes DeeCee Shuriken Seattle Timberwolves Evo Sorcerers Shiawase [TBD] Houston Mustangs Texas Rattlers Horizon Prodigies Wuxing Dragons Los Angeles Sabers

making a bike do the impossible thanks to mojo. The Koreanborn linebiker, Hannah “Seoulo” Kim, is a real spectacle out there. She does things with a Suzuki Mirage you have to see to believe. Won me a pretty penny, she did. **>** Thorn

**The Buzz:** The biggest controversy to rock CB lately has been the league shake-ups, as more and more corporations are opting for their own teams instead of behind-the-scenes sponsoring of existing regional affairs. The Horizon Prodigies, MCT Ronin, Evo Sorcerers, and NeoNET Edge (RIP) have all made big splashes in recent years, and Saeder-Krupp and Wuxing are set to join the World Combat Cyclists League next season (Shiawase is rumored to be replacing the now-defunct Edge, who were themselves replacements of the old Novatech Hogs, but no team information’s been released yet).

- S-K and Wuxing fans are already brawling and sniping at one another in the Matrix, with a rivalry brewing before a single match has been played. S-K’s fielding a team called the Drakes, and Wuxing’s Hong Kong team, the Dragons, has a startlingly similar logo and color scheme. Fans of both are incensed, and it’s turned into a real Eastern (dragon) vs. Western (dragon) feud.

- Traveler Jones

- What better way to make sure ratings are high?

- Winterhawk
