---
id: NF-0194
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: High Octane
page: 77
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## High Octane

Everyone who runs this feed loves it. No matter how little time you’ve spent working on your understanding of the mechanics of the various vehicles driven on the show, feeling them is a whole different story. The show’s host, Skyler Tempest, offers a riveting rundown on the specs of various vehicles before jumping in, full VR. She uses her recording systems in conjunction with her control rig to offer an adrenaline-boosting ride in everything from modified street racers all the way to military fighter jets and drones.

- Fun fact: Half the rides that Tempest gets her hands on are boosted. In order to not make the show just seem like a massive advertisement, Skyler uses a chunk of the development budget to hire those skilled at acquiring rare and exotic vehicles for her

use. Sometimes after the show is done, she drops it back into the thief’s hot little hands, but that’s mostly to avoid possession-of-stolen-goods charges.

- Rigger X

- Skyler doesn’t always just contract the jobs. She’s an A+ rigger and gladly supplements a team in need of transit assistance for a slightly smaller overall bill.

- Sounder

- I just found out her episode featuring a T-97 Thunderwave was all footage from a running battle to get out of Yakut. It was one of her highest-rated shows to date, and her producers are pushing for more of that kind of action to keep the masses happy.

- Slamm-0!

Skyler’s feed, which she overlays with commentary post production, offers plenty of insight into her personal life and the tragedy that sparked her need for speed. This last season, she talked about her brother’s racing career and her parents shutting down her efforts to follow in his footsteps. She doesn’t use names, but the fan theories and speculation on her brother’s identity and her real identity are almost as popular as the loco-locomotive adrenaline rush from the show. Almost!
