---
id: NF-0314
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Hoverball
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hoverball

**The Bonuses:** No magic, essentially unlimited cyber/bio. Trolls banned.

**The Basics:** Imagine a game of water polo, only instead of swimming everywhere with their own stupid arms and legs, everyone rides the coolest jet skis money can buy. Then, pretend you stole mallets from horse polo (not water polo), only they’re souped up with powerful electromagnets, because your ball is metalloplastic now, too. Make it clear

to the lightly-armored-by-nautical-necessity players that running into one another with your jet skis isn’t just allowed, but encouraged, because fans dig it. Lastly, do the whole thing in pollution-thick water, like, half the time, just to spice it up.

The World Hoverball League is the leading authority, and the sport’s still more popular overseas than here in North America (it started in Europe, and splish-splashed around from there), but there’s a thriving scene here in UCAS turf, too.

- Or, rather, CAS and UCAS turf, who love to square off (and, according to more than a few rumors, let their hoverball players cross-train with their respective navies). The “Great Muddy” tournament every year, making its way down the mighty Mississippi, has turned into a floating, gambling, drinking, swearing, brawling, cussing hell of a good time. Or so I hear.

- Hard Exit

**The Buzz:** The longest-running fights in hoverball are about water quality. Scenic and traditional locations (some of them used for three or four decades now) play a big role in the fan base and in league decisions, but many of those same sports have become, or always were, toxic as all get-out. Long-term health concerns tend to elicit a little more compassion than the dramatic violence of the game would imply. (Brain damage in football players over decades evokes sympathy, but the same fans will cheer and clap at a bone-rattling tackle, right? Same thing here.) While fans are all for the excitement and short-term violence of jet skis slamming into one another and the super-slow-motion simrig ride of feeling a player send someone crashing into the surf, it’s a whole different ball game (so to speak) when fans have to witness lost hair and teeth, bleached skin, or cancer in their favorite hoverball superstars.

So far, the league’s settled mostly for distracting fans with yet-more excitement on the waves, relaxing a few restrictions that some of the top-end jet skis once had so that they can get even more speed. Nobody knows how long that will last before petitions and talks start up again, with the players’ representatives spurred on by fan sympathy.

- Or how long it takes for the whole purity issue to be handily brushed aside by rigged water-quality samples and the usual shenanigans. They’ll deny any sort of problem long before they’ll pay a dime to dying players.

- Pistons
