---
id: NF-0229
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: seattle trideo channel guide - broadcast channels
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## seattle trideo channel guide

## broadcast channels

Seattle Public Trideo is pleased to unveil the latest channel options. Please note that your favorite channel might have a new location on the dial. Press [MENU] at any time to call up the master list of Seattle’s most popular entertainment options.

[2] KOMA (ABS) [3] KPUB (Seattle Metroplex Affairs) [4] KONG (NBS)

[5] KORO (CBC) [6] NABS/SSC (Salish-Shidhe affiliate) [7] KSPS (PBN)

- [8] KATE (ESPN 8 – The Ocho)

stations to show us who’s boss. I’m not crying, I still have global access to whatever I please, but I hate when they move channels around. It takes forever to reprogram Sprout-P’s system to record properly.

- Slamm-0!

- It’s happening all over. Since the de la Mar Matrix “adjustment,” trid options are dropping. The general populace isn’t noticing because, well, they’re sheep and getting fed doped entertainment. Everything they watch, cast, or sim, is designed to be addictive or actually contains addictive code.

- Plan 9

- [9] KNEO (NeoNET) (OFF AIR)

[10] KPOW (MCT)

[11] KSTS (Independent)

- [12] NSSL (Salish-Shidhe)

[13] KFOX (Renraku)

[14] KCFS (Independent)

- I’m just glad that they finally moved KPUB to channel 3 instead of KUCB. Every time the power went out, my trideo’d come on with some preacher telling me I was gonna go to Hell. I don’t need that negativity, y’know?

- Riot

[15] KBBC (BBC)

[20] KTXX (Independent)

- [21] KAKE (Seattle ACHE Affairs)

[30] KSAF (Seattle’s Real News)

[34] KNUS (NN)

[38] KRMA (WUX)

- [44] KHMC (Home Megastore Channel)

- [50] PA1 (Public Access 1)

- [77] KUCB (United Christian Broadcasting System)

  ```
  - NABS has been confused the past three months. Every morning, they wish that Shiawase’s bid to buy the ACHE would be taken up to flush the nuclear reactors out that the UCAS uses as an excuse to keep troops in Seattle. Every evening, a Gaeatronics suit is talking about how there’s no need for Shiawase Atomics when their own power production is excellent. 

  - Netcat 
  ```

  - [98] OTQ/Seattle

  - [99] KEEL (Pirate)

- Ugh. And they do it again. Another twenty-five stations gone! That’s over one hundred gone in the past decade. Trimming

- Yeah? Then tell me why most of my clinics only get between six and sixteen hours of power a day?

- Butch



**>** KEEL’s a special brand of fun. There’re a dozen pirate broadcasters that operate in and around Seattle and all have agreed to use channel 99 for their broadcasts. Nothing is ever advertised in advance of course, so you mostly get static, but sometimes you flip over to see something good.

- Dr. Spin

- How do they keep from crossing their own broadcasts?

- Ma’Fan

- Aw man, you guys get CRY? They took it off here a year ago. I’m way behind on General Discord.

**>** Kia

- A year ag – YOU MISSED THE WEDDING OF SPIKE AND CODY!

- **>** 2XL

- What?! I mean, the way those two were always fighting, you knew that there was something there but …

**>** Kia

- They put out around six hours of content a week. Not much of an issue with those odds.

- Sunshine

- NeoNET got shredded like two years ago. Why is KNEO still listed?

- **>** Morlok

**>** Honestly, I think it’s a lesson from the Corp Court. The channel comes through with beeping sound and scrolling text about being off the air. A not-so-subtle reminder of NeoNET’s fate.

- Ugh! Spoilers you fraggers!

**>** Kane

**>** Wow, MtD’s still going? Remember when they showed music trideos? These days, it’s just liveblogs and “unscripted” dramas. **>** Bull

- Wait. MtD used to play music?

- /dev/grrl

**>** 0rkCE0
