---
id: NF-0170
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'Seas of Death: The Tale of Kane (The Battle Channel)'
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Seas of Death: The Tale of Kane (The Battle Channel)

One that hits close to home, _Seas of Death_ is the long-overdue and much-anticipated biopic about everyone’s favorite oceanic anarchist, Kane. It was only a matter of time before the corps tried to recoup some of the losses they have taken to the Most Wanted Man in … hell, pick a place. They should have known better. Stuck in development backlog for years due to the efforts of Kane himself, the movie has become a documentary using footage of his own sabotage of the film. Far over-budget, the movie’s lack of advertising might have doomed it to obscurity. In an extraordinarily ironic twist, Kane kidnapped Keith Napier, the director of the film, at its premier, boosting its profile and giving it the publicity it needed to make national headlines.

- It might help if the show was worth appreciating. Don’t get me wrong; I love the reruns of the original series on NostalgiaVid, and I’m glad they were found and restored. The new one … sorry, Bull, but it’s drek. The fact that they kept the Awakening out of the timeline and then cast most metahumans as various alien species just makes it worse.

- Dr. Spin

- *sighs*

- Bull

- Whether you like the show or not, Shanks is pulling cash into the shadows with his issues. He got pegged for sexually inappropriate behavior by several women within the studio, but he denies the charges. No surprise there, but the story gets weirder. The cops got video on him that’s been confirmed as authentic, but on the other side, Shanks has passed every poly test, including magic, to prove his innocence. Either he’s a pro at faking, or a pro faked the footage, or there is something more going on. Money’s flowing our way to check it all on both sides.

- Glitch

- Did they check to make sure he’s not a Monad? Swapping personalities to cover its/his activities?

- Plan 10

- And there’s a sizable reward for his return, too. Not that it’s enough to entice anyone to chase after a famed pirate lord.

- **>** Kia

- It’s just the insurance companies doing their due diligence. No one expects Napier to survive this, which, of course, only boosts the interest in the movie. Standard operating bullshit.

- **>** Sunshine

- According to the police reports, yes. But that could be faked too.

- Bull

- Magic can alter all known realities, and some that are unknown.

- Man-of-Many-Names
