---
id: NF-0265
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: The Battle Channel
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Battle Channel

In my mind, undoubtedly the most notable— and heinous—piece of media that Aztechnology operates is the Battle Channel. The existence and popularity of this entity just shows that we are nowhere near as _evolved_ a species as many people like to think. Quite simply, the Battle Channel exclusively shows programs where individuals get injured or killed during the programming. Sometimes this is as mundane as a brutal combat biker match between some bitter rivals, but that is on the mild end of the spectrum. What they also show is a great deal of real combat footage, from any of the numerous skirmishes and border wars that are going on around the world. If some self-styled warlord wants to inflate their own delusions of grandeur, they will film the “conquests” of their “army” and sell the footage to the Battle Channel. Sometimes a merc wants to make a little extra cash on the side or promote themselves and their business, so they will sell the cybereye-captured footage of their latest raid. The whole thing sickens me, but it’s been going on for years and shows no sign of slowing down.

- Just when you though metahumanity couldn’t sink any lower ...

- **>** Old Crow

- As bad as it may be, there are some good uses for it. A little while ago I was hired to take care of a Chinese warlord who had become problematic because he was no longer following the instructions of his benefactors. Being the egotistical asshole that he was, he posted a video of his troops fighting off an attack on his main headquarters, along with a lengthy sermon/ speech at the end on his victory. I went through all the footage and was able to identify the location, along with a good idea of the makeup of the security forces on-site. Three days later I slipped in, took care of the asshole, and slipped out without anyone laying an eye on me.

- Thorn
