---
id: NF-0081
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Maria Mercurial
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Maria Mercurial

The Silver Maiden has taken a step back from music these past few years. The mixture of scandal and allure of her checkered past (BTL abuse, multiple personalities, and no shortage of shadow rumors), as well the success of her work promoting BTL awareness, has shifted her focus more on production than songwriting. She does put out the odd single now and again, always shifting to new musical styles and influences interwoven with her signature rock sound, but you’re more likely to hear her playing with other Horizon artists, particularly her daughter Isabelle, who has continued to gain popularity on her own merits. Maria has been known to occasionally show up for a surprise duet with her in concert, though to Isabelle’s credit, most of her fans consider this a bonus instead of a feature.

- There was a rumor that Maria had an early form of CFD, but nothing ever showed from that.

- Miko

- Oh, it was tried. But from what I hear, something about her was just … untouchable. I don’t know if it was the state of her mind or her legendary chrome or just respect for the mind they found, but the AI in question left her alone.

- Plan 10

- After all she’s been through? Thank goodness.

- Mihoshi Oni

- Insiders say her therapy is finally bearing some real fruit, and she’s much more in control these days. Maybe we’ll start seeing some more work from her.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
