---
id: NF-0043
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Saeder-Krupp
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saeder-Krupp

Lofwyr only owns a few media assets because he doesn’t really need to _own_ them. Where Saeder-Krupp is dominant, it influences those in power directly with the sheer force of its power and its indispensible presence in the Matrix and power industries. Los Angeles-based Angelic Entertainment was the holding company Lofwyr formed when he and Saeder-Krupp were barred from doing business in the CFS. After the Pueblo annexation, Saeder-Krupp could’ve come in from the dark. Instead, it remains the overall enterprise for the corporation in PCC and what remains of California—excepting for Saeder-Krupp Prime, of course. More importantly, it maintains independence to support and enhance the operation of ABS.

Eight networks control over ninety percent of media distributed in the UCAS and CAS (trideo, radio, simsense, print, and social media). ABS is the third or fourth largest and is one of the three oldest and most recognizable networks. By owning ABS, Saeder-Krupp can shape the media and public thought in North America, and the collateral effect extends to the rest of the world. ABS has cachet and influence extending beyond its relative size (although its size is still significant) because it’s existed since the birth of radio. It’s a brand that generations of people worldwide are familiar with, either through its extensive library of entertainment or its global news reach. World leaders appear on ABS news and information programs. Its media personalities have deep and extensive connections to the press offices of every major corporate and political entity in the world. It can fund or distribute independent journalism and reporting, and above all, it has the veneer of independence because Saeder-Krupp’s ownership is concealed well from the general public.

As a result, by having this voice in North American media, ABS has an outsized voice that it can wield directly or indirectly as Lofwyr sees fit, amplifying or destroying messages from opposition through its own actions as well as the influence it has on competitors and political or business “partners.” ABS News is especially adept among the broadcast networks at trading access and influence in order to bury or deflect attention to other matters.

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
