---
id: NF-0332
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Special Information Services
page: 155
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Special Information Services

SIS is not the largest espionage/marketing group, and they don’t have the resources of one of the Big Ten backing them up, but if you’re in the shadows and want to be involved in this area of work, SIS is an excellent contact to make. They know the shadows, they work in the shadows, and perhaps most importantly, they hire for the shadows. Sure, so do the other two organizations here, but SIS always has a high volume of shadow work to do, especially if you’re not especially worried about ethics.

SIS is even less directly involved in youth marketing than MFID. Most of their operatives know less than nothing about what young people watch, listen to, or wear. They don’t get in too many battles over sabotaging contract negotiations for the latest starlet.

So why are they here? Because while they might not deal much with the youth market, they sure as hell deal with the Dawkins Group and MFID. When other corps want to interfere with Dawkins and MFID work, SIS is one of the prime places they go to. When you want to retrieve stolen information, punish those who hurt you, or expose someone else’s networks, SIS can do it. With significant organized crime connections, especially the Yakuza, they have access to information others can’t get, and a ruthlessness others might lack. So if you want to shape youth, go to Dawkins. If you want to mess Dawkins up, go to SIS.
