---
id: NF-0041
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Providence
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Providence

The Polish-Catholic megacorporation is an important media player in Eastern and Central



Europe, Eurasia, and to every community the Roman Catholic Church touches. It’s certainly not as large as the megacorporate giants, but even after all the upheaval the world has seen, the Catholic Church still retains a dedicated following, and the members are eager to watch programming that engages with their worldview.

They have a pretty robust slate of offerings— live music showcases, family dramas, fantastical and science-fiction series, teen drama, comedy, talk shows, unscripted programming, and of course live mass at least twice a week. They don’t get the biggest stars in the world, but there is enough talent and technical expertise out there that they can make plenty of quality programming with the same sheen the bigger corps put on.

They exist in a strange spot, though, because while they have a large audience, they remain somewhat adrift from the powers of the world. This has been a long, slow devolution for the church. Back in medieval times, popes held power on par with, or even above, kings. While their political power waned, popes still held a strong voice in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, shaping policy if not deposing rulers like they did in the old days. Now, though, with cash officially installed as the ruling deity of the world and the Church having less of it than they used to, they face challenges in shaping anything beyond their congregations—and they sometimes have trouble moving even that. A sad fact of our world is people often do not feel like they have the time or ability to reflect on deeper matters of spiritual condition. When you’re straining to stay alive or working all your waking hours so you’re not thrown out on the street, theological concerns seldom get a lot of mental focus. Which in some ways is good for Providence, because people gravitate to trid entertainment with what little downtime they have, and having Providence available makes them feel like they’re part of a culture that is still important to them, no matter how little time they have to dedicate to it. On the negative side, Providence is viewed primarily as an entertainment company, when they’d like to be an agent of social change.
