---
id: NF-0153
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Debonair Dave (NBS)
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Debonair Dave (NBS)

Have you ever wondered what would happen if you pulled a squatter off the streets and gave them a cool ten million nuyen? Well, on NBS this spring, you’ll find out! You’ll meet Dave Gilbrowski, a nineteen-year-old ork from Redmond who collects scrap metal and does odd jobs to make ends meet. After secretly watching him for a few weeks, he’ll be presented with ten million nuyen and a posh apartment for a year in the heart of downtown Seattle. Viewers will watch as he splurges on some of the strangest things and attempts to hobnob with elite society. Will they embrace Dave as they often claim they would any metahuman from the streets who’s made it big? Will Dave learn to adapt to his new social standing? Or will he waste all his newfound wealth? Find out Wednesdays 0300 GMT on NBS!

- Poor ork makes it big. Sure, no orksploitation here <rolls eyes>.

- **>** Bull

- I think you’ll see some rich folks exploited as well. They are so isolated by their wealth, they don’t realize how warped their values are.

- Winterhawk

- Oh please, they’ll go on living with all their money. Dave is going to get used and go right back to the streets.

- 2XL

- It won’t be playing a large part in the series, but the office address for Dash’s services in Atlanta is actually out in the Sweetwater Creek area. He’s an elf, but the storyline that brought him down south was a call for help from an old buddy—Jake Roth! Roth was a runner plant on the show, put in for his ork heritage, but it didn’t fly. Problem was he just looked like a thick-jawed bulky human rather than a true tusker. He was a smoothie fan favorite, but the ork and troll fans didn’t see him as demograph-

- I’m not saying he won’t, but this is the corp way—exploit everyone you possibly can.

- Winterhawk

- C’mon, he’s no different than athletes who get their first big contract.

- Slamm-0!



- No, Dave doesn’t have a shot at using his athletic talent to get a second contract. And he’s going to be pushed into spending that money like it’s nothing. For a guy like him, one thousand nuyen and ten thousand nuyen aren’t noticeably different; it’s all a huge amount he can spend but not really comprehend.

- **>** 2XL
