---
id: NF-0198
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'DOWN IN THE DIRTY - POSTED BY: TURBO BUNNY'
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## DOWN IN THE DIRTY

## POSTED BY: TURBO BUNNY

Don’t even pretend you don’t do it. It’s the Matrix, where anything is possible and everything is permissible. So let’s all just admit it together: “I watch porn.”

Except it’s not really just watching, is it? The wonders of simsense mean it can feel like you’re really there. If you’re willing to trade some brain cells, it can be even better. You don’t have to call the next day, don’t have to worry about catching anything, no guilt about cheating or indulging your kinks, no hooks or hangups, and you can relive that orgasm the same way again and again and again.

But wait, there’s more! Cabana boys, hulking trolls, coquettish maids, college-age school girls and harsh nuns are vanilla, these days. The world is full of monsters and AIs and metaplanes and more. The room for sexual fascination has never been greater, and the associated danger isn’t something everyone wants to chase in real life. Porn is a gateway into worlds of carnality, for better or worse.

Where you find the worse is where the fun and games end. Appetites are more jaded than ever, and there’s no end of scum to supply any kind of demand. More often than not, there’s all kinds of staged stuff, from demonic hentai lovingly rendered in full POV wonder to “force play” with all participants in on the fantasy, safe and sound. Still, though, some soulless bastards need the real thing. Snuff, BiteBytes, torture, and far worse pollute the darker corners of the ’trix, and whether you’re the one dying to get someone else off or the asshole who paid for the brainmelter of it happening, everyone loses. The upshot? It’s one of those industries that creates a lot of work for us. Crime syndicates, slave rings, and sicko production houses tend to generate a lot of missing persons and bounty work, and it’s the kind of job where putting a bullet in the brain of every piece of shit who made it happen isn’t just a moral imperative but a real pleasure.
