---
id: NF-0161
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: A Murder to Kill For (OTQ)
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Murder to Kill For (OTQ)

Rising Hollywood star Jayce Steyr and Bollywood favorite Alavandan Bhatt make for one smokin’ hot couple in this neo-noir trid, set in the dieselpunk retrofuture universe of _Spitfire Resurrection_ (which is, ironically, getting resurrected with this movie). Steyr is a former redcop turned private eye in Nova Argyre, with Bhatt playing the husband of an ace pilot of an Etherhawk squadron who is murdered after he tells Bhatt about some shady government dealings.



Fate throws them together and the sparks (and bullets) start flying almost immediately as a plot to destroy the fragile peace between Terra and Mars draws ever closer. Critics already love it, but some of the hardcore fans of the classic aren’t impressed.

- Neo-Tokyo is eating this up, but the local Yakuza are finding it a little harder to swallow.

- Danger Sensei

- Yeah. There’s a growing movement among the populace to outlaw bunraku parlors.

- /dev/grrl

- I miss when they used more CGI, but I am loving Bheyr on-screen, and the writers are doing an awesome job picking up where **Armistice Stars** left off!

- /dev/grrl

- “Bheyr”? … OH! I get it! Cute.

- Pistons

- Wanna catch the next one together, dev?

- Red

- Hell yeah! My place or yours?

- /dev/grrl

- Yours.

> Red

- You’re couch surfing again, aren’t you?

- /dev/grrl

- Maybe.

- Red
