---
id: NF-0231
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Premium Subscription Services
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Premium Subscription Services

Available to Seattleites with a Gold package or better. Contact your Trideo provider today for more!

[$M$] Moneyline

**>** Horizon’s been trying to move down to the basic service package for years, but Seattle won’t take the CalHot broadcast strength at this level. With a new administration in charge, Horizon’s going to go full-court press.

**>** Sunshine

- [APPRENTICE] Renraku’s skillsoft basic access

[THE BATTLE CHANNEL] Desert Wars and so much more!

- [HOOAH] Ares “You’re There” warsims, “It feels like you’re really here!”™

[HOT] Horizon’s Calhot Broadcasting

- [HTO] Premium trids and epic shows

- Why are there sports on … fraggin’ drekheads! You moved it!

- SeaTac Sweetie

- Hey Fred! Found kiddo’s animated stuff.

- Netcat

[LOVE] Period Romance Sims [NEOSENSE] NeoNET Realsense Theatre (Offline)

- [NIPPON] Japanese-language broadcast direct from Japan [SEXC] Surging EXtasy Channel

[SPORT] WSB1



[TELE] Sperethiel-language broadcasting

[TOD] Truman On Demand

[WFBL] World Football Broadcasting

[META] WyrmTalk

- Be careful on LOVE. They’ve started trying to compete with HOT and pushed up the simsignal as far as UCAS law allows. It gets … intense.

- Turbo Bunny

- Do tell!

- Slamm-0!

- Rumor has it that Spinrad is going to move in on the NeoNET channels. Still a lot of paperwork to sign and a few execs might get other ownership “suggested” to them. Contracts in the hiring hall if you’re interested.

- Am-mut

- [ARTS AND ENTERTAINMENT] Cultural programming including opera, museum tours, and plays

- [BLOODSPORT] Only the most violent content found worldwide. Now with AZZIESPORT finals, LIVE!

[HIGH LIFE] Lifestyles of the rich and influential [PLATINUM SHOPPING] Only the best. Only for you. [SHIAWASE] Japanese-language broadcast

[STARLET] All-access sims of the novahots of tomorrow!

- Tune in to A&E at 2300 for their Calligraphy program. It teaches cursive at a primary school level.

- 2XL

- Pfft. Reading’s overrated.

- Riot

- Shiawase’s channel isn’t that different than the gold NIPPON channel. Why pay more for the same thing?

- Lyran

- Wyrmtalk’s an interesting mix. There weren’t that many interviews with Dunkelzahn, so it has branched out to all things dragon. Fan conventions, sightings and rumors, documentaries, tours, and so on. It used to be funded by Hestaby, but her funding obviously fell out. Masaru is the other dragon-backer, but his finances got hammered as well. I’m not sure who’s footing (or clawing) the bills these days.

- Glitch

  - Because Shiawase is worth it.

  - Baka Dabora

  - When STARLET says “All-access,” they mean it. Renraku stars are all set up with simrigs so that those who wash out can fall into a secondary career with the corp. Yesterday’s future star is tomorrow’s adult actor. Well, after midnight anyway.

  - SeaTac Sweetie

- TELE is fully owned by the Telestrians. I think it’s just fluff pieces and propaganda.

- Turbo Bunny

- What, you don’t watch it?

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- I would, but I don’t speak the language.

- Turbo Bunny

- Wait, I thought you were an elf?

- Riot

- Less than five percent of the worldwide elven population speaks Sperethial, kid.

  - Hey Kia, don’t you have a sim on there?

  - /dev/grrl

  - I was young! I needed the money!

  - Kia

  - For the record, the truly wealthy have personal shoppers and so forth. The Platinum Shopping channel is for the upper twenty percent who want to be the top twenty percent and think flashy things are the way to buy-in. Don’t waste your time.

  - Icarus

  - But those watches look so wiz!

  - Slamm-0!

- Butch

- The World Football Channel carries the rest of this package. Everyone watches footie!

  - You still don’t have a headware chronometer, Fred? No wonder you’ve slowed down. Sheesh.

  - Glitch

- Hard Exit

- Go Marchers!

- Feinan Fan
