---
id: NF-0057
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'Modern Muses: Musical Acts and Artists Johnny Banger'
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Modern Muses: Musical Acts and Artists Johnny Banger

Oh, Johnny, you magnificent bastard. In the music biz, where an average recording “star” has an army of producers, writers, and usually corporate backing to help them churn out tepid music-like products, there are still a few people who can actually back up the bravado, that have lived the things they sing or write about. Case in point: the legendary Johnny Banger.

- You know, there’s always someone who makes fun of the superproduced stuff. Can’t music just be good for some folks, no matter how many or few people it takes to make it?

- Kia

Often called the heir apparent of classic and Neo-British punk rock by critics and fans alike, Johnny’s music often revolves around the darker, neon-shaded aspects of a life chock full of frustration, pain, and a certain defiant disdain of willful ignorance and authority in general. His famous catchphrase “I do what I want!” is not only the name of one of his biggest hits, but serves as his personal rallying cry for life. What sets his music apart from all the other punk-wannabes out there is the fact that there’s a certain gritty realism in his songs—which, by the way, he both writes and composes. Each one has a brutal ring of truth to them that can only be conveyed by someone who has literally been there and done that.

And there’s a reason for that.

You see, it’s a bit of an open secret that Johnny isn’t just an arrogant, self-important punk rocker; he’s also one of the best runners in the biz. Where else would he get his inspiration? For years, even decades, Johnny has used his shadow-work not only for inspiration, but to directly fund his musical ambitions without becoming beholden to a music label and ultimately to some corp.

**>** As much of a pain in the ass Johnny is on a personal level, I can vouch for his professionalism during a run. Few years back, I was leading a team on a kidnapping recovery job that led us to the Lambeth Containment Zone in the UK. Our normal muscle had gotten a terminal case of dead in Madrid, so we needed some local talent. My contacts suggested a local tough and Johnny as replacements. At first, I was wary having of a prima donna punk rocker on my team, but the job needed to be done yesterday. After the tough tried to sell us out, Johnny not only sorted that “wanker” out but single-handedly held back a squad of armored goons with his Ingram SMG that ultimately let us get the principal out, all while humming the Sex Pistols. Who hums the Sex Pistols, let alone during a firefight?

**>** Danger Sensei

- What, you got something against classical music?

- **>** Glitch

- This coming from a guy who probably thinks Rachmaninoff is a Vory kingpin.

- The Smiling Bandit

About three years ago, Johnny eventually scored enough ’yen in the shadows to invest in and partner up with Bletchley Park Records, which was— at the time—one of the few remaining indie labels still operating in the UK. With a nice nest-egg and a new partnership, Johnny finally had the means to devote himself to the music he wanted to create full-time and on his terms.

Of course, it all came crashing down when a corporate shark with ties to Horizon swooped in and forcibly took Bletchley over through some obscure British asset forfeiture laws. No one’s sure exactly what happened after that, but local legend has it that during the first business meeting, Johnny was told in no certain terms that the new label “owns him and all of his music, lock, stock, and barrel,” and that if he ever wanted to play another note again, he’d better toe the company line. That went over about as well as one would expect. After dropping the exec’s bodyguards and smashing the exec’s face in, he left, saying only “We’ll just have to see about that.”

Johnny got a bounty of 85K nuyen on his head, and all of his songs are now effectively barred from being legally (key word there) played under corporate copyright laws. This doesn’t mean that Johnny has stopped playing; quite the contrary. He’s just gone deep underground, playing the seediest and toughest dive bars for nothing more than the sheer love of music. Today, Johnny exists as sort of a cross between a musical Robin Hood and shadowy patron saint/guardian angel of musicians. When not belting out his old and new material, he’s in the shadows protecting new musicians frompredatory labels and managers or striking back at corporations with any ties to the music industry.

- Two months ago, Johnny released his latest album, **Bullet Brain Kiss,** for free on multiple pirate Matrix sites, much to the supreme annoyance to his would-be corporate masters. The first self-titled single off that album is already a hit, with over two million reported downloads. It’s also now number one on my pre-run playlist. I love his style.

- Chainmaker

- Actually love, it’s more like five million, but who’s counting? Cheers on the warm-up music, though. Oh, and Kat my darling, I hate to point out inaccuracies to a fellow professional, but my last words after that meeting were, “We’ll just see about that, **you bloody tosser** .” Sorry, but I **hate** incomplete data. Cheers!

- **>** Johnny B

- You want a cool story? Word is a few other artists like to collab with him on the downlow. Johnny is pretty pure about his sound, but it’s too sweet to pass up a chance to give copyright the middle finger, so he does uncredited contributions to other artists, especially if they belong to a label owned by a Horizon rival. If you think the guitar on Pariah Soul’s “Obligarchy” sounds familiar, now you know why.

- Red

- You can bet your ass he’s starting all kinds of shit in the shadows with that. I should buy him a beer.

- Rigger X

- I used to have a guitar signed by Johnny. It went up in flames with my old doss. Fraggin’ NeoNET … *grumble, grumble*

- **>** Old Crow
