---
id: NF-0167
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Red Samurai Run (KFOX)
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Red Samurai Run (KFOX)

This series is based on the classic video game franchise. Takeshi is the best of the best, but when the Renraku Arcology shutdown traps his family inside, he goes rogue and delves into the shadows to find a way inside. Tetsuo Kage makes for a fantastic Takeshi, but the decision by Renraku Media to try to make this a puff piece about the Arcology Incident and paint themselves in a better light is still in poor taste even after all this time. Several groups have protested the use of actual footage from the incident, and bereaved families have filed several lawsuits for showing the deaths of familymembers for the sake of entertainment. It’s a coin toss as to whether the show can survive it, but most folks don’t think it’s going to make it past the first season.

- You better believe Renraku fired someone over this. Their spin division is working overtime, turning over all profits to charities to try to save face after the wave of bad publicity they stirred up.

- Dr. Spin

- Real shame. **Red Samurai Run** was a great game. They just can’t seem to do adaptations right.

> Bull

- Internally, someone probably got fired, but externally, they’ve been mopping up the mess from the shadows. None of the lawsuits are coming from current Renraku citizens. Only those who have left the corp since the Arcology have been willing to sue them. Several attempts to contact internal parties have been met with unpleasant results.

- Danger Sensei
