---
id: NF-0320
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Soccer/Football
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Soccer/Football

**The Bonuses:** Corrective/replacement implants only, limitations on metavariants (no trolls, for instance), no magic.

**The Basics:** Two teams of eleven players match off again, with one player on each side sticking by a big net/goal on opposite ends of a rectangular field that’s about 110 meters long and like seventy-ish meters wide. Players score points by getting the (one) ball into the other player’s goal, and have two forty-five-minute halves in which to attempt to do so. Sometimes they tie at zero-zero, and that’s totally okay with everybody watching from home. Also, players are subtly encouraged to flop and writhe on the ground like a fish out of water to try to draw penalties on opposing players for fouling them.

But the best part? The whole time, nobody but goalies are allowed to use their hands. They’ve gotta kick and headbutt the ball only. Whee!

Soccer is renowned for two things: being made fun of in North America (zing!) and remaining something of a purist’s game. While the recent capitulation of the United Middle Eastern League means metahumans (aside from trolls) are now allowed to play in every reputable soccer league in the world, magic remains strictly forbidden, and so do augmentations of any kind; implants must be corrective, not enhancing.

- Let’s never forget the “Severe dislocation? Get enhanced articulation!” wars of the 2060s, lads.

- Thorn

- I had to look that up to see if that was actually something you shot people over.

- Slamm-0!

This traditionalist, essentially neo-Luddite, attitude is mostly noteworthy because _oh man this game is wildly popular anyways_ , and it feels like it’s always gonna be. Somehow.

**The Buzz:** There’s still some push-back against the anti-troll policy. There was a real stink last year when a trollish striker almost tore an opposing player’s foot off in a minor league game in Spain, just days before Europe’s biggest league had scheduled a vote to reconsider the troll ban.

- There’s no way Julio wasn’t a set-up. Too many cameras caught the injury, too clearly, from too many angles. The whole thing was rigged and timed.

- Lyran

Pro-metahuman policlubs continue to protest from time to time, but generally the authorities don’t even have to get involved. Soccer hooligans take care of those things for them; drunken bands of violent superfans hate one another (there’s a whole subculture dedicated to team-on-team brawling, with associated clubs having reps wholly independent of their actual soccer team) … but they band together against a common foe, and that common foe is, all too often, anyone who’s even remotely critical of their favorite kicky-footsy sportsball game.

- You’re a family man, now, lad, I’d be a bit more careful how you talk.

- Thorn

- This **is** the sort of commentary that can cause some real problems across the Atlantic, yes.

- Traveler Jones


> Are you guys **trying** to prove his point? > Sounder
