---
id: NF-0104
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: El Canto, Aztlan
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## El Canto, Aztlan

I first ran into El Canto in a tiny expat bar in Antigua City. Through a haze of red light cast through a room of smoke and spilled Mezcal, a tiny guitar melody peeked its head out above the din. Soon, it had been picked up, doubled, and played off. Then another coupling joined in, distorted and playing a countermelody. A voice whispered above it all, raspy and powerful. Together, they grew, and multiplied, and became a twisting beast of sound—surely too many people for this small bar to hold.

What I found was a small woman, maybe a meter and a half tall, made almost entirely of lean muscle. Half of her long black hair was shaved completely off, the other half bore beads and feathers that draped over her leather vest, nearly to the tattooed guitar she was strapped to. She seemed to be in a trance, completely lost in the music, dancing and bouncing on bare feet, wrestling with the guitar, as if the chaos of this forty-part counter-counter-counter melody would overpower her at any moment if she took one wrong step.

This was El Canto (translating simultaneously to “The Word” and “The Crow”). Born Mayan, raised with Mexican traditions, she struggles to find a place for either identity in the Aztlan world of mecacorps and drones. Her lyrics, mostly spoken in Yucatec, share both the Mayan mythology of her childhood and more modern concerns of a lost soul [see sidebar]. Her guitar work draws on influences from Spanish colonization, to 1960s



American rock, to modern distortions and looping—with a heavy emphasis on the latter. Through this, she is able to weave layer atop layer of sounds, music, motifs, and voices. All of this is being juggled by a switchboard with hundreds of buttons at her feet, which she dances spastically around.

That one person can embody such a long history and such a rich volume of sound is a marvel. I’m not ashamed to say that I had more than a few too many glasses of cheap Mezcal that night, just to watch El Canto’s show to the end.
