---
id: NF-0044
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Shiawase
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase

Shiawase Mediatech used to be small as far as AAA operations go, but it’s always excelled at its specialty: Simsense. Korin Yamana’s warfare against Novatech/NeoNET (out of spite) and Yamatetsu/Evo (out of honor) left its mark on the media landscape. With NeoNET dismantled and Evo’s media presence significantly reduced, Ares and Aztechnology were able to abscond with many Japanese assets. Some people may view this as a loss, but to Shiawase, it’s a chance to double down on the thing they do best.

The key to Shiawase’s simsense power is attention to detail. Simsense makers know you can’t just record all the scents, feels, and emotions that are present at filming and hope that will get you by. Post-production work is as important on simsense as it is on any other form of entertainment, perhaps even more so. At Shiawase, they know when to go for realism, and they know when to amp up the experience. For example, check out _An Instinct for Home,_ one in a long tradition of lost-petswander-home stories. Look at when Tommy pets Clompton (a big Komondor) at the 5:38 moment in the movie, and then when (spoiler, in case you somehow didn’t see this ending coming) Clompton gets his big welcome-home hug at the 92:15 mark. The first moment of contact has the coarse feel of a Komondor’s coat combined with the musty smell of a dog that takes a long time to dry off. It’s not especially pleasant or off-putting—it mainly just seems real. But at the end, the softness of that coat has been turned up a little, the mustiness is gone, and there is an added sensation of warmth that makes the hug feel incredibly welcoming and reassuring. In fact, Shiawase will sell you an extended version of that hug as its own short simsense recording, and it’s proven to be very popular among people who need some reassurance after a long day. Which, of course, is pretty much all of us.

- They also do fantastic things with alternate emo feeds, which really open up some of their dramas. You can watch a shootout from the point of view of the hero, feeling their effort to fight back fear and their determination to get the job done, then you can switch to the bad guy and get a taste of extreme anger and reckless disregard for life (in case you don’t already know how that feels). Then for fun, you can jump into some henchmen and watch their blind trust for their leader turn into fear, then panic, or you can even catch a glimpse of the utter confusion of innocent bystanders. In a more complicated situation, the alternate viewpoints can help you understand how people see the same actions in different ways, and why their memories of the situation become so different.

- Fianchetto
