---
id: NF-0146
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'creation starts with darkness - Posted by: Sunshine and Turbo Bunny'
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## creation starts with darkness

## Posted by: Sunshine and Turbo Bunny

Sometimes we forget to take a look at the world the other people live in. We focus on what’s making us nuyen and ignore why ninety-nine percent of the world lives under the bootheel of the megas.

Mindless entertainment. That’s why!

Seriously, when was the last time any of you in the shadows actually went and sat in a theater, let yourself get zoned out on a simsense, or even watched something on your trid player? I know it’s not the norm. Theaters are dark, and most of us are fragging paranoid. Same thing with simsense—it leaves us too vulnerable. And as for the trid, well, don’t get me started on the cost of services, the addictive-by-design nature of the shows, and the complete and utter bulldrek they’re selling. There’s stuff in action trids that could get a runner pinched or killed if they even half-believe it will work, and then there’s the garbage they call funny, dramatic, or tragic—ugh, it’s all tragic to me. All of it is designed to keep the masses entertained and ignorant of the oppressive nature of their parent megacorp, while—in grand old Hollywood tradition—portrating every other megacorp as enemies. You can tell which megas have the biggest rivalries

at any given moment by who’s getting depicted as the villain in their latest features.

With this in mind, let’s take a closer look at some of the current entertainment keeping the masses tuned in to their programs and tuned out of reality.
