---
id: NF-0154
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'Desert Wars (Premier: all majors; Reruns: The Battle Channel)'
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Desert Wars (Premier: all majors; Reruns: The Battle Channel)

_Desert Wars_ has been making war a sport for decades now. Already bigger than the Olympics or the World Cup, _Desert Wars: Sahara_ is set to begin its biggest season ever with the introduction of its newest AAA team: SpinGlobal. Originally a televised conflict of two corps squaring off in Libya over some lost tech, the media spectacle it became was sufficient not only to make the conflict its own series ( _DW: Sahara_ ), but to spawn three additional spinoffs: _DW: Mohave_ , _DW: Gobi_ , and _Rad Wars_ in the SOX.

Tasks involve classic military objectives like search-and-destroy, force recon, objective seizures, penetrating encampments, asset exfiltration, and base defense. The scale varies from squad-level combat to battalions being mobilized in the final conflict. The battle rages in the air, on the ground, in the Matrix, and in the astral. It is a full theatre of war with magic, Matrix, and muscle well-balanced among all teams. Early rumors suggested that this was the year that technomancers would be allowed on the field, but the pan-corporate Desert Wars Commission that supervises the event felt their inclusion would “only further the notion that technomancers are simply agents of chaos, terror, and a threat to world peace.”

- They … actually may have a point.

- Dynaman

- Bulldrek. Technos are superb force-multipliers. Smart corps are saving them as aces-in-the-hole should they need them.

- **>** Aspire

- Or maybe they just don’t want to show the public how ill-prepared they are to combat technomancers when all their T-birds start falling out of the sky.

- Kenji the Kid

Each version of _Desert Wars_ is divided into three championships, each then divided into fourmonth seasons. The “Mercenary Challenge” pits mercenary companies against each other, while the “Open Challenge” involves corp, merc, or nation-state forces. The big draw each year is the “Mega Challenge” where AA+ corps go into allout simulated war on each other—at least until the final challenge. That’s when the gloves come off and the body bags come out.

Pre-season hype usually involves trial games, the MVS (Most Valuable Soldier) award ceremonies, soldier trades from mercenary to corporate teams, and previews of what’s to come. Broadcast rights to _Desert Wars_ topped 650 million nuyen in 2078, and thirty-second commercials for the finals are expected to top twenty-five million nuyen this year for the four-hour final battle. The Mercenary Championship grand prize of one million nuyen seems a pittance in comparison.

Fans can get into the action as deep as their pockets will allow. Typical coverage gives users both media drone, battlefield overview, and select soldier camera feeds, complete with a running commentary from former MVSs. Premium users can slot their credsticks and jump into the live simsense feed of the frontline soldiers as they kick hoop and take names. And while soldier feed is still the number-one premium buy, the fastest growing market is viewership of Matrix combat.

SpinGlobal is rolling out its latest Techwarrior battlesuit for both its corporate and Caliphate teams. They are serious about beating Saeder-Krupp into the ground this season in the Mega Challenge.

- You know the Caliphate is playing this up for propaganda, right?

- **>** Sunshine

- Of course, and they’ve got Major Al Hawsa leading their team. He’s solid. He’ll hold them together. The only way you rise up through the ranks is either through skill or connections. He’s not from a major family like Yaz-man.

- Moharik

- You mean Lieutenant Yazeed Al Sheik, that pandering pretty-boy?

- Sunshine

- Yeah, there’s a game within a game going on. So Yaz is totally courting that whole smooth-killer/playboy image at the parties. But on the other hand, it’s hurting his family name, which is traditionally associated with ultraconservatism.

- Moharik

- They are also big stakeholders within SG.

- Sunshine

- Yup. So his star is rising, and he’s doing it at the cost of his family’s rep. But what does he care? He’s the seventh son in the family, so he doesn’t really stand to benefit from the family name that much.

- Moharik

- Who do you think that is helping?

- Glitch



**>** Who else?

**>** Moharik

**>** Ah … **>** Sunshine

- SG, a house divided?

- Old Crow

- Well, consider it a house loosely aligned, held together by threats, blackmail, marriage, and gecko grip.

- Moharik

- … and Spinrad. Funny enough, he and Gabrielle are one of the strongest unifying elements in SG. Gives all the families someone to hate.

- Old Crow

- Yup, and Spinrad. For now.

- Moharik
