---
id: NF-0193
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Falcon Direct!
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Falcon Direct!

Ever since she walked out of that tank vs. dragon incident back during the ’75 finals, Evangeline “Falcon” Falcone has been a _Desert Wars_ starlet. Her feed alone has been raining nuyen down on the White Lions. During the last off-season, she went in for elective surgery. Instead of coming out with some new, top-of-the-line Hermes reflex system, she went the bioware route through Evo and got one of those synaptic overlay systems so she’d have biostability remaining for the REELLife simrig and SpeedFreak control rig she added to make this season that much more entertaining.



Along with watching the White Lions lay waste to their opponents, you can get the straight sim feed from Falcon and watch her kick hoop and take tags. This new program also has her broadcasting from a custom-fitted cockpit inside her modded Megalodon for those who can’t handle the straight sim high of this high-energy hottie. Sorry if I sound a little like a salesman, but I am a true fan of Falcon. I love her style and precision. The Megalodon isn’t the most graceful of beasts— hard to be graceful at 65 tons—but Falcon makes hers dance like a dolphin in the deeps.

- That’s funny. “Custom cockpit.” You mean rigger cocoon inside the command zep floating over the match where she’s been since the first time she climbed back into a Megalodon and ended up sobbing and curled up in a ball on the deck plates. Girl’s got serious PTSD, but the White Lions saw the nuyen signs when she walked away from that scrap with Kolarius.

- Rigger X

- I thought it was a variation in the broadcast speed that had her reactions slightly off from the action. Makes sense now.

- /dev/grrl

- Wait, if it’s a sim feed, how do people not sense her PTSD?

- Stone

- Tweaks to the feed can cover the PTSD. If Rigger X is right, she also may not be suffering any acute issues while operating from above the action. Drivers and riggers feel things in very different ways.

- Butch

- Damn! That’s why my fantasy scores always seem off. We drafted her as a driver, but she’s actually scoring as a rigger in official fields. Damn it! Gotta talk to the fantasy guys and get a mod in place or something.

- Slamm-0!
