---
id: NF-0059
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Morris Knight and the Space
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Morris Knight and the Space

Here’s a good example of an act who’d love to make it big with corp backing but just has a street following so far. There’s a lot of talent that gets signed, and once they do, they lose that certain something—hunger, maybe—that they had on the streets. So I guess I kinda hope Morris never gets signed, cuz I dig this slag’s style and sound. Back in high school, Morris Knight was in a troll-based fusion pop-funk band with Barry Mana (yes, _that_ Barry Mana) and Andreas Clinton, with the trio being managed by Knight’s mother. The band, Shamploo (later renamed Uptown Monk) was a big hit on Chicago’s Southside, at least among the orks and trolls there. Never gaining commercial success, Barry Mana moved to Seattle, where he was discovered and has since become a star. Andreas and Morris, trying to follow Mana’s example, created an ensemble group, focused on old school R&B with 2070’s funk flair. Dubbed “the Space,” Knight’s group immediately suffered when Clinton fell victim to metaracially motivated murder after the Space’s first big gig.

Unable to get the Space off the ground financially, Morris has engaged in more than a few unsavory activities just to pay the bills for his ensemble, hoping to keep the Space alive. Find him in Chicago, working bars and clubs on the weekends while he sells his charm and mojo to the highest bidder on weekdays, all for the love of the music. He’s even gone as far as to reach out to his old friend Barry Mana, offering to tour or have the Space provide backup. Mana’s lack of response indicates that Barry’s concerns don’t include Morris.

The Space haven’t released any albums as such, but their most popular hits include “Toxic Love,” “Dance the Two-Freak,” “Hit Me Harder,” and “Slam Those Horns.”

- Damien Knight has not commented on whether there’s any relation. ;)

- Slamm-0!
