---
id: NF-0228
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Privateers
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Privateers

A subset of pirates are privateers, or pirates who have corporate backing. Usually it’s a small deal—some blogger gets a good-sized fan following, earns a corporate sponsor, then shills their products for a minute or two before going on with the show. Another angle is to find some crusading band of rebel journalists who have an axe to grind against Corporation A, where Corporation B finds out about it and slides the rebels extra resources as “a concerned fan who wants to see the Truth spread.” This lets the rebels take shots at a corporate rival, but should they ever go after the second corp, they can be “outed” and left to the tender mercies of the “betrayed” populace. There’s also a small number of “pirate entertainers” who were corp-created from the start. Abbie16, a girl in Los Angeles who was blogging about her life,

troubles in school, racism, and so on? Turned out that she was a Horizon feed from the get-go, an actress hired to take on the role. People were suspicious about the great lighting and gear that was being used for what was ostensibly “just a blog,” and how the story seemed to be unfolding like, well, a story, but the debate about it being real or “reality” was hot for months. When the truth finally came out (thanks to a hack done by a runner hired by Aztechnology), the show’s credibility was shot, and viewership vanished overnight. It was rebranded and made into an actual trideo show later but, too late.

These privateers are only a problem when they hide their loyalty. The knowledge that they exist in stealth mode undercuts the trust in other pirate broadcasts and, now, when something breaks, you can hear people flock to chatrooms to talk about Privateers, False-Faces, and Crash Actors. Where does entertainment end and truth begin? We may never agree. But then, we haven’t for ages.
