---
id: NF-0085
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: "F\xE1ilthe Fallain"
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fáilthe Fallain

That isn’t all there is to say about music in the Fae realm, however. While the Seelie Court appears to condescend to mortal ears with their interpretation of what Sixth World audiences prefer, culture is moving in both directions. Time moves differently in the fae realm, so no one knows when or how it happened, but sometime after the Awakening, rock music, specifically punk (in attitude if not aesthetic) began to take root among some Court outliers. And as mentioned above, since time moves differently, the punk music movement among the Seelie has been developing underground (literally) for hundreds of years. Developed parallel to punk on Earth, Seelie punk is dismissively referred to as Fáilthe Falain, meaning a sort of naive welcoming of joy; something the punks have run with. The concerts where Fáilthe Falain is played are incredibly joyful events, and all fae, even those boggles, bogies, orks, fomorians, sith, and other traditionally Unseelie fae are welcome. This has spawned the unquenchable rumor that Fáilthe Falain is an Unseelie plot to steal young and vulnerable Seelie away from their rightful allegiance. But as is their fashion, the Seelie are more concerned with intrigue and gossip, even when wrong. Fáilthe Falain is a reaction, 20,000 years in the making, against what these punks consider a false, pretentious, and harmful system of oppression clothed in smiles and beauty. Fáilthe Falain is about being happy and content, something the Seelie seem unable to abide, which is why those caught attending Fáilthe Falain shows are sent to “correction classes.” Shame, really. It’s great fun.

- Seelie kids live in a place so full of fake emotion and fake relationships that they rebel by getting together and listening to simple, happy jams and enjoying each other’s company? Punk as frag. Where do I sign up?

- Old Crow



**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
