---
id: NF-0052
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Feathercore
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Feathercore

In the age of constant noise and info-overload, it’s not surprising to see the rising popularity of calm, cool music. While some turn toward such perennial standbys as jazz or ambient tracks, the kids have to innovate—and so they have, with a mesh of quiet rock and ambient electronics with lyrics that range from whispers to the dreamy. They call this sleepy trend feathercore, and it’s not hard to understand why. Some tracks are reminiscent of the indie trends of the early twenty-first century, like those produced by Gizmo’s Wish, while bands like Sluice use subliminals and binaural beat structures to get the listener to relax, whether they want to or not.

- Corp drone burnout is a very real thing, and with workers with sleep regulators pulling eighteen-hour shifts, there’s a whole bunch who are dropping from sheer psychological and emotional exhaustion. Some turn to drugs, but more corps are finding that just leads to larger problems down the line or makes some assets susceptible to turning. Enter the Decompression Chamber. You sit in a color-neutral room with noise dampeners on, plush chairs, and this kind of music playing. Usually it’s laced with the hypnotic stuff that keeps you loyal, but it does show a lot of success in keeping worker burnout and suicide down. It’s cheaper than the alternatives, keeps productivity high, and takes about as much time as a smoke break.

- Dr. Spin

going to extract someone and want to take them by surprise, this isn’t the worst place to do it.

**>** Rigger X
