---
id: NF-0222
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: OTQ (Organisation Trivideo de Quebec, Quebec)
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## OTQ (Organisation Trivideo de Quebec, Quebec)

Few broadcasters have gone through what the OTQ has. Originally formed out of a dozen or so nationalized networks when the Republic of Quebec was created, they wound up being sold off to Cross Applied Technologies, then were largely dismantled after Crash 2.0. Ares bought up most of them, sold off the bones of the rest, then largely forgot about it, having little use for a second major network. Former Cross employees were allowed to run it with a bored administrator making certain that content stayed pro-Ares and otherwise not caring, until it was sold off a few years back in one of Ares’ frequent power struggles. The new owners? CatCo Entertainment in the CAS. In short order, the OTQ flipped back to powerfully pro-Quebec and, interestingly, patriotic Canadian content, giving air time to assorted Canadian revival movements, and freedom-fighters in former-Canadian nations. It also tends toward a pro-environmental agenda. The OTQ has been censured several times by the larger ITCC but has shown little remorse. The current push to highlight the Tsimshian environmental disaster and heap scorn on MCT for creating it has garnered awards for the hard-hitting coverage and gut-wrenching footage. Which means, of course, that the corps are looking for ways to put the reporters responsible out of work.
