---
id: NF-0168
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: The Runners (ABS)
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Runners (ABS)

New on ABS this fall, _The Runners_ follows a team of shadowrunners as they work for Saeder-Krupp to fend off intrusions by outdated governments while providing the megacorp deniability for their actions. _The Runners_ team is made up of leader and weapons expert Jackson Witt, combat specialist Jed Keller, mystical shaman Rebekah Good, electronic wiz-kid Zi Kline, and Lori Couch, who is both the driver and procurement guru.

Jackson Witt, played by Ruairidh Torres, is a veteran of the UCAS armed forces, unfairly discharged for refusing an order to slaughter innocent civilians. He not only knows his way around a gun, he has the contacts and guile to find help when the team needs it. The combat specialist, Jed Keller, played by Waqas Rangel of _Neil the Ork Barbarian and Son_ fame, served with Jackson Witt in the UCAS. He followed his old CO to Boston, where his trollish toughness allows him to buy time while the rest of the team does their jobs.

Rebekah Good is a Raccoon shaman from Quebec. Her accent can cause some trouble, but her magical powers often get the team out of tight jams or give them the insight they need to complete a job. Good is portrayed by Shyla Harmon, infamous for her early career start in adult trids. Newcomer Haaris Young makes his debut as the hacker and electronics expert Zi Kline. A MIT&T dropout, Kline doesn’t carry personal weaponrybut has drones at his disposal that will protect him and the team. Rounding out the team is Lori Couch, who serves both as a rigger and the woman with the connections to find whatever they need whenever they need it. Aliesha Branch was cast in the role after her success on _My Mother-inLaw the Wendigo_ . While Couch can whip out her charm when need be, she isn’t afraid to pull out a Predator if the drek hits the fan. _The Runners_ also stars Karam Griffiths and Marianne Munoz, who work for Saeder-Krupp and the UCAS Anti-Corp Squad, respectively.

- This is nothing like real shadowrunning.

- Matt Wrath

- Tell us something we don’t know.

- Bull

- Well, I wore some simsense gear on a few runs for one of the producers of the show. I made some good coin, but they didn’t use a lot of what we did. Probably too boring for trid.

**>** Hey, now, I’m not gonna kill him! Someone has to tell the true story of my life, and little Keith here has already done the homework. Now I just have to decide what genre I want it in … **>** Kane
