---
id: NF-0101
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Arcology Media
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Arcology Media

Ever wonder what it’s like to live your entire life inside a corporate community? Ever consider how many fewer choices you have by virtue of having only one corp offer those choices? Welcome to life inside an arcology (or aquacology, as the case may be). I could spend volumes describing the socalled life that is lived inside these manufactured monuments to post-capitalist idolatry, but since we’re talking media, I’ll limit myself to what the wageslaves see and hear, believing it’s because they chose to like it, rather than being force-fed.

- Who’d have thought that being conditioned by single-source propaganda your whole life would lead to mysterious and bizarre side-effects like enjoying tacky media? I mean, sure, having your freedom stripped from you is bad, but not knowing who **Neil the Ork Barbarian** is? That’s just evil.

- Slamm-0!

Outside arcologies, most wageslaves, salarymen (or salarywomen, salaryfolk, salarycritters, etc.), and other consumers get to choose from media from all corporate varieties. Sure, the megas proYou see a chump Livin’ in a dump Hoods fallin’ left and right They got no game Going down in flame Soon be out of sight

See a straight killer Next steps a thriller Bringin’ mega moves with that big A Don’t need no dragon We got that D-wagon Ain’t nothin’ more for us to say

- AGE offers this one as a free download to anyone using a city grid in the UCAS.

- Stone

- The UCAS government cracks down on as many of those downloads as possible. Rumors as to why range from subliminal signals for inciting violence to dangerous code. No matter what they say, it’s all about keeping the messages in this band’s lyrics away from UCAS citizens.

- Glitchduce the bulk of all media that’s out there, but the AAs, As, and even some local stuff manage to slip in. If they’re particularly worldly, they may even manage to imbibe some non-corp music or trid media. So while it may be polished and corporately on-message, most folks have some measure of choice as to what they spend their ever-dwindling free time taking in.

Not so in the arcologies.

Inside the controlled-down-to-the-second mechanics of arcology life, not only are other corporations’ media not allowed, even the media from the arcology’s patron corporation is throttled. So if you live on Horizon’s Arcology Mile in LA, you’d shouldn’t expect to see Ares’ new action trid or hear Shiawase J-pop. But what may not seem intuitive is that Horizon also keeps you from checking out the latest Horizon trids and music singles as well. Why? Because outside, Horizon has to compete with the other corps for every dollar spent on entertainment. Inside, Horizon knows that you don’t have a choice, and so you will listen to whatever they give you. So the corps have discovered that by keeping the best music away from arc-dwellers, they can use the populace as test-beds for the media they will release worldwide. The things that end up being the most popular inside the arcologies will be massively overproduced, dressed to fit world trends, and then released in an almost unrecognizable form to compete on the world stage. An additional benefit to this is that once something proves itself on the world market to be a hit, the corp always has the option of releasing it to the arcology, knowing that the culture-starved mass inside will be so blown away by what they are seeing or hearing that production, loyalty, and crime will go way down, reflecting the populace’s thankfulness to their father/mother corp.

And yet. There are odd things that happen inside these cloistered corporate shells. A sort of divergent evolution of culture happens the longer the arc-dwellers are kept apart from the balance of the world. Certain trid shows and music genres and artists flourish inside certain arcologies that seem bizarre and frankly stupid to the rest of the world, but inside the insular community, they are beloved—sacred, even. Here are a few examples of arcology-only media:

- _Bull le Pirate Ork_ (Renraku Arcology, Paris, France)

- _Don’t Do That, Bobby!_ (Ares Trident Aquacology, Guiana Basin)

- _Martin Steves and the Redgrass Four_ (Shiawase Arcology, Manhattan, UCAS)

- _The Neo-Gnats_ (Fuchi arcology, Neo-Tokyo)

- _Rodeo Free America_ (Cord Mutual Insurance Building, Atlanta, CAS)

- _Sounds Good to Me_ (Proteus AG arkoblock, North Sea)

- _Tales from the Stuffer Shack_ (Homeless Floors of A.C.H.E. in Seattle)

- _Wyrm Talk_ , featuring Dunklezahn (Horizon Arcology, Arcology Mile, Los Angeles, California Free State)

- _You Have It Better_ (Evo Saotome AquaDomes, Sea of Japan)

- _Zoom Kitty_ (Sugamo Retirement Arcology, Neo-Tokyo)

- And, I drek you not, _Danke, Lofwyr_ (Saeder-Krupp Arcology, Rhein-Ruhr-Megaplex, AGS)

**>** Could you elaborate on “sacred”? **>** /dev/grrl

**>** I mean literally living and dying for the stuff. When a rogue wave messed with a live transmission of **Don’t Do That, Bobby!** , production in the Ares Trident slumped sixty-six percent. I bet you think I’m being hyperbolic, but I’m not. There were even a few incidents of salarymen attacking Ares corpsec (which ended badly). It was the closest thing to a strike Ares has ever seen. Thankfully, the techs fixed it before Ares’ “encouragement” specialists showed up, but I think Ares learned a valuable if difficult lesson about getting workers addicted to Arcology media that day: What you catch ’em with is what you keep ’em with.

**>** Dr. Spin
