---
id: NF-0287
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'THRILLS & AGONIES - Posted by: Slamm-0!'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## THRILLS & AGONIES

## Posted by: Slamm-0!

Sure, shadowrunning is great, but if you want _real_ excitement, drama, violence, and nuyen in equal measure, have you tried professional sports?

- Have you?

- /dev/grrl

- I’ve dabbled. Getting back in shape’s not easy, but it’s not impossible. Jerk.

- Slamm-0!

Sports are magical (some of them literally). They bring communities together, they turn communities against outsiders, they turn local pride into nuyen, into joy, into disappointment, into rage. They light up whole cities in team colors, they get cop cars flipped and burned, they lead to parades, riots, brawls in the streets, joyous celebrations, and births and deaths and everything in between.

- But most of all, that part about the nuyen. Legit corp nuyen, back-alley bookie nuyen, shining, bright, e-gambling nuyen, regional political bribe nuyen, you name it. Nuyen.

- Mr. Bonds

Today, I’ll be introducing—or re-introducing— you sad lot to today’s top sports. Some of them got picked for raw popularity (read: opportunity), for the rabidity of their fanbase (especially online, as Matrix spats are easy to stir up), some for the nuyen they drag in (some through sales, some through gambling, most through both), some for their cultural importance (regional sports tend to draw really crazy crowds in their limited spheres), and—as a special bonus!—for how likely they are to be affected by, and as such affect, our beloved shadows. Whenever there’s a lot of nuyen moving around and strong emotions at play to complicate issues, we’ve got an opportunity.

- Look at him talking about it like work is why he follows sports.

- **>** Netcat
