---
id: NF-0030
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Social Media
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Social Media

Is it vanity? Is it a chance to share what you love? To make a statement? Is it empty noise? A chance to connect and keep up with friends? Is it real, or is it shallow posing? You’ve been online— you know it’s all these things. Sometimes, as with P2.0, social media is all about the status, driving your subscriber base numbers up and giving the people what they want, whatever that may be. Other times it’s broader, more about lively contact and sharing than about collecting enough pluses or upvotes or smilies or whatever. Evo’s Speel puts the focus on sharing and joint creation, where you can muddle with other people’s stories, songs, picLOOKtures, and so on, seeing what kind of accidental and purposeful collaborations can erupt. Its recent growth has indicated a desire for such a thing— and also started raising calls for greater control of the content shared there, as questionable material becomes more difficult to overlook as the platform on which it’s standing elevates.

This is the eternal dilemma social media faces: It needs a significant amount of people participating for it to feel like a wide, vibrant community, but keeping that community functional often requires the sort of control of content that leads to people leaving the platform. If a platform is lucky enough to get into an explosive growth period, they know that a disenchantment backlash is waiting for them after the explosion, and that backlash has claimed more than one social media company. But as long as people still want some software that will facilitate personal connection and communication, someone will keep trying to make tools that meet those needs without also hosting toxic cesspools of metahumanity. We wish them luck.
