---
id: NF-0195
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: SINless Life/Life of Crime
page: 77
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SINless Life/Life of Crime

Can’t decide whether this show is a lesson about keeping your job so you don’t end up like them or just the classic, “look, life could be worse” type of shlock they toss out to make the wageslaves feel better about themselves and their miserable lives. Either way, it’s fragging golden entertainment!

Reality Studios, a way-down-the-totem-pole subsidiary of Ares (if my digging is correct), randomly selects individuals who live on the streets to get fitted with simrigs. They walk around in their regular life, and people all over the world can tune in and ride along on their feed. Each “Lifer” (the show’s term for the participants) earns points for viewers who subscribe. The points add up, and it ends with a payday at the end of their contract, including a cash payout and a SIN from the participating nation of their choosing. Contracts are for five years and the show is only in its third season, so no one has gotten to the payout point to date.

Several of the Lifers have managed to rack up several million in their payout pools by getting into shadowwork or street fighting. A few have gone the prostitution route, but the clientele they’re hooking isn’t particularly appealing to a broad audience. Small street scuffles, random acts of violence and mischief, and a list of crimes a mile long are getting committed by these hobos every day to draw a crowd. It’s catching Reality Studios a tonof flack, but they have a healthy army of lawyers fending off the attacks against them.

- This show has been a goldmine for organleggers. They not only get a line on meat but know that it’s filled with valuable wares. Secondhand simrigs still pull a pretty penny on the black market.

- Hannibelle

- Food source?

  - The bigger the payout, the more money they’ll throw against them to keep from paying it. Captain Crunch is a beast, but I’ll drop him with a thought while Sapphire runs interference on Admiral Ames. Being on the defensive is a rough spot when there’s cash getting tossed out to every hitter on the market.

  - Ire

  - I’ve got Sergeant Slaughter and Lieutenant Dan dialed in if you want to split the payout.

  - Balladeer

- Arcadian

- Don’t be a drekstain.

- Bull

  - Connect direct. Been awhile since I took on a challenge. And after the way they handled that job in Soho, they deserve anything they get. Professional courtesy only gets you so much.

  - Ire

- Legit question!

- Arcadian

- No more, Arcadian. Lesson to the new kids. When we speak, don’t talk back. Just heed the advice. Stone, that black mark is going on your record.

- Bull

- Sorry, Bull, this is not a defense, but a lesson for others. Arcadian was drunk as a stinkstoat when she posted that. Don’t drink and post.

- Stone

- You know those big payouts aren’t going to happen. It’s a lot easier to pay a small runner team a pittance of the overall debt. Hell, they could offer a rookie hitman the contract and pay a fraction of the nuyen they owe the hobo.

- /dev/grrl

- Or the hobo can set up a contract with a small runner team to keep him safe for a percentage of their earnings.

- **>** Stone

- The window is too wide for a hit. Every one of those high earners already has a bullseye on them. It’s going to cost them a big chunk of their payout, and they need to find runners willing to work with a promise of money, knowing that failing means zero payday.

- Picador

- Subscribe to Romeo of Remington Station. His older feeds featured a bunch of romantic encounters with other resident of Remington Station, a decommissioned underground train station in New York, but his later work is genius. He found a runner team to cover his ass by offering a chunk of the payout in exchange for being on their team. They even gave him a Remington Roomsweeper to add to the branding! They’re getting a profile boost, his payout is about to roll into eight figures, and if Reality comes a-gunning for him, they have to go through Captain Crunch, the team’s troll gunbunny.

- Slamm-0!

If a Lifer gets pinched, they get moved over to a new show, _Life of Crime_ , or _LoC_ to the fans, with a premium subscriber list and a glimpse inside the prison systems of the world. The feeds are often blocked by the prisons, but skilled Lifers know how to get their feeds out to their fans and keep racking up that payout pool. For _Life of Crime_ , the Lifers have the option of a payout upon release, which could be quite the nest egg, or a yearly payout to their prison account to ease the pain of living inside. As one might expect, Ares-run prisons tend to have more feeds slip through. That was one of my first clues on a direction I could take to trace the corp behind Reality Studios.

- Same contract issues are going to come calling inside these places, especially if anyone gets wind of someone being a Lifer. Make a Lifer your prison slitch, and you’ve got a cash cow you can milk.

- 2XL
