---
id: NF-0084
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'Music of the Seelie Court - Posted By: Bifrost'
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Music of the Seelie Court

## Posted By: Bifrost

Having spent no insignificant time among the Seelie, I grew up either reveling in, recoiling against, or recovering from what passes as popular music in the Court. The Seelie use music in much the same way Earthlings do, but just … deeper, if more pretentious. Musical modes known as Crannfolan and Amhrándeora are most prevalent in traditional Seelie music, while what we’d refer to as Mixolydian is not unheard of. Crannfolan and Amhrándeora use similar sets of notes to Hypodorian or Mixolydian, but flirt with microtonal variations, often breaking an octave into forty-eight or more distinct micro-tones, bleeding out (sometimes literally) every bit of somberness a centuries-old elf can perceive. They experience this music as if they were drinking a fine wine of

pure nostalgia, more potent than anything an entire mortal life could muster; or so they believe. Songs often last for hours, or even days, while it isn’t uncommon for an audience to be overcome with spontaneous emotion, weeping or laughing for hours at a time; indeed, it seems almost pleasurable for them to do so, as if addicted to the emotion the music incites.

More particularly, different factions of the Court prefer alternative microtonal approaches, each containing bizarre scales of dozens of different notes. Some use forty-eight tones per octave, and others thirty-six. Since the Awakening, there have been songs composed in the twelve-note octave approach, specifically to impress dumbed-down Sixth World audiences. Invariably, their musicians can’t help embellishing with occasional quarter-tone accidentals.
