---
id: NF-0098
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: UCAS Strong
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## UCAS Strong

sold-out stadiums in Pretoria, Sydney, Atlanta, Tenochtitlán, and Paris, while hearing word from fans across the globe that “Wild Heart” packs the house everywhere they go.

Combining heartfelt lyrics, classic country rhythms, and a Kentucky twang across eight different languages, Coeur Sauvage brings tears, laughs, and raucous parties everywhere they go.

- French and country music aren’t even close to synonymous, but it works here. I love them!

- /dev/grrl

- Anyone know if they’re runners? And if they are, why do they continue in the shadows when they’ve gotta be making millions?

- Riot

- Runners: Yes. Making millions: Yes. Held hostage by their corporate masters by keeping their families “secure” within their Provence-Alpes-Côte d’Azur facility: Yes. They’re the epitome of hooders and run almost exclusively for favors. I’m guessing at some point they’ll try to call in all their markers to get their families out safe, but all told the band has at least twenty-three loved ones at a facility in southern France. One hell of a coordinated run, and they aren’t the type to be looking at acceptable losses.

- Glitch

- Hardest part will be trusting the runners doing the jobs to not sell them out. They make SpinStorm millions of nuyen per show. Plenty to pay a runner to roll over on the plan.

- Rigger X
