---
id: NF-0319
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Piloted Racing
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Piloted Racing

**The Bonuses:** Unlimited cyberware/bioware. Magic forbidden.

**The Basics:** This one covers a lot of ground again, but my flippant description is “whatever drone racing does, only with people attached.” You’ve got lots of driving in circles, flying in circles, piloting boats in circles, or what-have-you (sometimes with a figure-eight or something thrown in, just for funsies), only you’ve got actual metahumans doing the driving—there, on-site—instead of remotely.

NASCAR, the old National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (a CAS and UCAS hit, but which never spread very far otherwise) is probably the most traditional of these, wholly encouraging unaugmented drivers and comparatively straightforward cars (while their racing machines are hardly “stock” any more, they _are_ generally on par with one another, for a fairly even racing field).

- It’s still wildly popular, in all the regions you’d expect. The sport’s bootlegging history actually made it even more of a fan favorite when the old US of A broke into a bunch of parts that all hate each other. How better to keep the romantic smugglermyth alive than by having borders to cross and cargo to haul again? Never mind that most of that work’s done with t-birds, not stock cars, these days …

**>** 2XL

- Can you tell this was written by a fan of other, lesser, sports?

- Red Anya

- Oh, yes. Yes I can.

- Ecotope

- So what I’m hearing is we should introduce stock t-bird racing.

- Kane

- That’s not what I meant, but it’s just not in me to argue against it.

- 2XL

Formula One style racing is a direct counterpoint to that, with corporations and Europe’s social (and financial) elite backing and meticulously designing the finest drivers and cars in the world (or in outer space, after a recent Johnny Spinrad promotional stunt). There’s where you’ll find a drive-by-wire car piloted by an integrated pilot sporting a skull full of headware, augmented lungs and heart to resist the stresses of driving, cyberoptics with better sharpness than any human eye, chipped-up reaction times and vehicle control cyberware, the whole nine meters.

**The Buzz:** Neither of the world’s biggest auto racing programs allow spellcasters or adepts, and neither do any of the other second- or third-tier racing venues (jet skis, underwater craft, airplanes, helicopters, off-road trucks and buggies, you name it). The engineers, pit crews, racers, and financiers all seem determined to keep their sport focused on tech and talent, rather than magic.

- Or maybe they’ve realized that as soon as somebody whips up a spirit capable of using the Movement power, even accidentally, their whole game goes tits up.

- Thorn
