---
id: NF-0063
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Pariah Soul
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Pariah Soul

Electronica is hardly anything new, but every now and again someone manages to tap into the sound and the spirit to transcend the machine and make an instant classic. Pariah Soul, an Asamando expat of ghoulish persuasion, burst onto the scene a few years back with brutal lyrics based on observations of the dark side of the country’s livelihood and an eclectic mix of cultural influences for which Asamando art is coming to be known. Inspiration is taken from all over the world, and a combination of styles from every continent and seemingly incompatible elements finds harmony in Pariah’s beats. If you ever wanted to know what Benedictine chants, Tír na nÓg lyrical innuendo, taiko drums, and Lakota beat structures sound like together, you’ve found the right guy. His latest album, _Seekers Beneath_ , has eschewed his own vocals in favor of more instrumental work, but the sound remains as haunting and breakneck relentless as ever.

- PS is considered a very hot commodity right now. On one hand, you’ve got corps falling all over themselves to get him to sign. On the other, he’s become a rallying point for the GLA and other Infected-rights groups. To them, he is a symbol of the positive

role of Infected everywhere. The fact that he’s remaining strictly independent is only adding to his legend. **>** Hannibelle

- He’s made a few enemies along the way, as well. Word is, Queen L considers him a traitor, and Horizon is still sore about him slipping out of the contract that got him free from Asamando. There’s a pretty hefty bounty on his head (alive only), and a lot of that money from Horizon paid for the best protection Proteus could offer. By all accounts, it’s a very comfortable spot he’s got, and extracting a celebrity ghoul from an aquacology with an AAA security rating means it’ll take the best to get to him, let alone get him out unscathed.

**>** Red Anya

- Man, Johnny B could have snatched him up and made a bundle. Good thing for him they both have a healthy hate-on for Horizon.

- **>** Red
