---
id: NF-0262
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Ares Global Entertainment
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Global Entertainment

Ares is one of the premier old-guard media giants of the western hemisphere. They have always tried to completely dominate the media market outside of Europe and its descendant nations, but there always seems to be another major competitor rising to challenge them. Back in the day it was CATCo, but Ares took them apart and swept up most of their European media assets. These days, Horizon is giving them a significant run; more about them later.

- AGE has taken more than a few hits over the years. It’s impossible to take down a giant of this size quickly, but unless they can turn things around in the next decade, I see the whole branch as terminal.

- Mr. Bonds

- There’s no way that Knight will let the entire division wither and die. If it really does get that bad, then we will see major changes in some key leadership positions first. Some of those long-time executives will not want to go willingly.

- Cosmo

When I said that AGE was the old guard, I really meant it. All of the stuck-up, rich, milquetoast, pervy men who have worked in the news business for a million years are the executives who run AGE. While the acquisition of media companies from CATCo brought it some youth and vitality, those executives mostly stayed with the European companies. North American assets were far too entrenched to do anything as radical as change what they’ve been doing for a hundred years or whatever. So, if you take what media did and how it was run from back in the day when there was television and physical newspapers and shit and drag that kicking and screaming into the modern Sixth World, you’ve got how AGE runs today.

- Our presenter here is exaggerating a bit. While someone can certainly call the business practices of AGE “conservative” or “traditional,” they are based on tried and tested practices for building and running a stable company. No, they may not be flashy or conducive to rapid growth, but they also keep the company from dramatic losses.

- Mr. Bonds



Due to its long history of providing a ton of content, AGE has managed to craft the tastes of their audience to the style and substance that they want to produce. It doesn’t take a genius to spot their style. They like to make things as flashy and dramatic as possible, blurring the lines between news and entertainment. Their stations and programs have names like _Action News!_ and _Insider Investigations_ . All of it has the overall narrative theme that they are showing how mainstream society, and by association you the news consumer, are part of this bastion of civilization that is constantly being assaulted on all sides. Terrorists, criminals, insurgents, and corrupt and incompetent officials are all trying to tear down everything that was so carefully built. The headspace message they are trying to inject is this “us against them” bullshit. They get the media consumer to believe they are part of some fight against these external forces, and then they just point them at whatever target they want this society to tear down. Metahuman rights starting to hurt corporate profits? Make metahumans the source of problems. Some uppity government official trying to actually enforce laws that protect the people from corporate greed? Just expose them as corrupt. Want people to shut themselves away while some corporate mess gets cleaned up? Create some crisis that gets everyone so scared they lock themselves in their homes.

- But sometimes it isn’t a lie or exaggeration, like with the bug spirits. If anything they **downplayed** the danger to the public with that one.

AGE produces. Over the long years of his career, Arthur Bailey has built a reputation and trust with the very traditional and conservative news market that AGE caters to. As such, any sort that appears on his show, or any opinion or analysis he expresses, carries tremendous weight. If he tells you that a company is going out of business, then hundreds can lose their jobs the next day without a shred of evidence to back that claim up. If he says that an explosion was the result of dissidents and terrorists, then all the evidence of corporate malfeasance will be ignored. Though he disgusts me right down to my boots, I have to admit that his words carry power.

- If any message spouted by this slot is that powerful, then there must be a whole shitload of people trying to get an angle on him to get him to spout their message instead. He’s even got a wife and kids! How has no one put the screws to this guy yet?

- Hard Exit

- Because he’s an incredibly valuable asset, and Ares isn’t going to let him be manipulated. Remember that even though their media and entertainment division isn’t top dog, Ares has some pretty drek-hot security resources. From what I have seen, Arthur Bailey has as many or more assets assigned to his (and his family’s) protection as any upper-level Ares executive.

- DangerSensei

- That just means the price for getting to him is going to be high, for those willing to go for it.

- Hard Exit

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Kia

- Yeah, but they only told anyone about it once it was impossible to keep it quiet! Sure they were trying to clean things up, but first they made a bigger clusterfuck out of the whole thing.

- Thorn

How they transmit their message is, as I’ve said, through all the traditional channels that spring to mind. Regular trid broadcasts of good old-fashioned news shows with an anchor, audio-only streams, and gigapulses of text pumped out every day. It may not be glitzy, but they sure do put out a load of it, and their reach is almost total outside of the NAN and CFS.
