---
id: NF-0147
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Trid for the Tired Masses
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trid for the Tired Masses

Shadowrunners are romanticized by almost every studio in existence, but every corp does them in a slightly different way. From the Horizon-made _Max Wild_ series, which features a street-savvy fast-talker who handles more problems with his silver tongue than his chrome pistol, all the way across the spectrum to the DeMeKo-backed _Berlin Nights_ , which features a team of rowdy anarchists constantly doing everything in the noisiest way possible. Every megacorp finds a way to shape their citizens’ views of shadowrunners. For some, it’s a way to misinform and make the shadows a terrifying place, while others are simply trying to sell the people on shadowrunners always falling just a hair shy of succeeding against the mighty “Home Corp” while tearing up the security ormaking fools of their “Rival Corp.” And last but not least, runners play roles in tragic tales of corporate betrayal, where their own mistakes cost them their safe place with the corp.

- What? **Berlin Nights** is made by Weisser Engel Studios. That’s an independent production company.

- Stone

- Most folks track it back to DeMeKo, though it is convoluted. Better than that, though, if you do a fund trace for payments to Marksman? You’ll find an S-K connection. The question is, why?

- Icarus

- That money going to Marksman is a corp payoff for him to keep his yap shut about his transition between corps. No one wants the publicity for the way the media and public could spin his life.

- **>** 2XL

**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
