---
id: NF-0114
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Tainaron (The Federal Republic of Hellas)
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tainaron (The Federal Republic of Hellas)

The Greeks have a long, long history of cult activity. Way back in the day, many gods’ services were kept secret because they were seen as blasphemous, heretical, or obscene. Worshipers would hide in basements or make pilgrimages into the mountains and far plains to conduct their unsavory mass away from prying eyes. It might be an understatement to say that sex, drugs, and rock & roll were frequently on the menu. Orgies were a given. Braziers of intoxicants were burned to give the area a vision-inducing haze, and wine flowed freely. Music and dancing set the pace—which was often a frenzy.

These practices obviously fell out of habit over the millennia, and the arenas and glades were forgotten. Then in ’61, Halley’s Comet passed. While the masses marveled at shedim, orichalcum, Ghostwalker, and Athens, smaller miracles were happening all around.

Like all of these things, there’s a dozen stories, each as likely as the next. The one I’ve heard most often is that a farmer saw strange lights emanating from a cave mouth in the hills. When he approached it, he heard music and hundreds of voices. Inside, he saw the ghosts of his ancestors in the middle of a cult spectacle. Apparently taking inspiration from the swaying, seizing bodies, he began inviting certain discreet individuals in modern day Bacchanals. Of course, who knows how much of that is true?

What I can tell you is, the cave called Tainaron does exist. Its primary function is to be a stage for hypnotic, riotous, and profane talents. All around them, a throng of revelers indulge in every sensation imaginable, moving as a mass, either erotically, violently, or both. You’ll catch a contact high as soon as you step down into the dimly lit chambers, but a more substantial buzz is easy to find.

Possibly the most appealing aspect of the whole bundle is that secrecy is paramount. It’s invite-only. Everyone wears a mask. Musicians are inspired to write new music for the gig, or to play “covers” of their own jams to maintain anonymity. If you’re the type who wants to have a near-death experience of hedonistic glory, but you don’t want your chummers to know, see if you can get an invite into Tainaron.


Mindarie Water Tower (Perth, Australia)


I was only passing through Perth. It was a long layover that’d left me anxious for every minute wasted, terrified that the story might slip away before I even arrived on scene. I decided that I desperately needed a glass of gin, if only to distract myself. I did what I normally do: I got to know the bartender at the first decent-looking bar I found, and I asked where he’d go after hours. What I didn’t know at the time was that he was the head of the Perth Bartenders’ Association. As you may imagine, I was not directed to Nevin’s Pub around the corner.

On the far north side of the city, right along the coast, there’s a small neighborhood named Mindarie. It may have been quaint forty years ago, but now it lies abandoned, an entire suburb left to rot. And it is here, between the crumbling houses and the rusted cars, that the bartenders, the cooks, the hotel workers, and late-night locals come to meet, drink, and party. And when the service industry parties, they bring the best. That night, I spent ten nuyen on a gin and tonic, and spent the rest of the night drinking top-shelf wine out of the bottle and eating gourmet marinated beef and roasted vegetables out of a lunch box for nothing but a smile and a story.

While the entire neighborhood is fair game, most of the activity happens beneath the water tower. The locals have built a stage between its legs—just a simple wooden floor with string lights and colorful rags strung between the struts. The effect isn’t far from the stage that a group of children might build in their backyard to present their own play—which is to say, it’s charming.

On the particular night that I was there, Karen Gillette, a French cellist and folk singer, was on the stage, looping and crooning to a field of campfires in the early morning. I’d been told that local acts, underground and content to stay there, often take this stage. It was Perth’s little secret, like a neighborhood-wide block party at 3 a.m. No record execs would come steal their entertainment away, just like no corp suit would drink their wine. Like one great family, they had agreed that this place was sacred and just for friends.

I ended up walking back along Perth harbor as the sun came up the next morning, my anxieties temporarily eased.
