---
id: NF-0297
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: "> \u201CIf?\u201D"
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** “If?”

**>** Thorn

So imagine everything I just said, and make yourself a nuyen-obsessed, penny-pinching sociopath in charge of funding a team, prioritizing marketing and advertisements, and arranging team housing, medical care, and equipment allocation.

On the one hand, you’ve got yourself a superstar elven face who’s a natural-born team leader with a thick head of hair, just the right amount of stubble, and an arm like a cannon. If you play your cards right, he’ll stay in his physical prime _functionally forever_ , until your grandkids’ grandkids are through with college. Dudes and ladies want him and want to be him. Coaches and managers love the idea of having a player they can build a franchise around for decades to come. Marketing and sales analysts are drooling at the notion of literally generations of fans all growing up wanting this superstar’s jersey, autograph, and digital trading card.

On the other hand, you’ve got … what? You’ve got a bunch of disposable parts, that’s what. You’ve got a bunch of fast-breeding, fast-aging, fast-burning-out orks who are innately tough and strong and great for throwing between your franchise superstud and oncoming danger. You’ve got “litters” of them being born every day, you know they’ll be in their physical prime faster than humans will be, and you know that, statistically, they’ll be out of that physical prime faster than a human would be, even _if_ you chose to take good care of them.

So why take good care of them?

Orks and trolls turn into seasonal ablative armor for elven (and the occasional dwarven) superstars, while those superstars can outlive most of your fans if you do everything in your power to keep them healthy and happy. Toss in some metaracial minimization cosmetic operation as team-standard augmentation (or just tint the faceplates enough nobody cares), and voila. You’ve got yourself a football team.

**>** All of which is exacerbated by the financial situation orks and trolls are more likely to be in, compared to elf, dwarf, and human recruits. Statistically, the “goblinoid” races are far more likely to see the patronage of a professional team as their only way out of bad financial situations; they’re more likely to need that patronage to get into and through college, and orks in particular are likely to have large family groups who could also use their support. It’s hard to say no to a mediocre contract when that mediocre contract could improve both your future and that of your family.
