---
id: NF-0092
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: "Wherever We Roam - Posted by: Gypsy Striker - Salutari , my friends \u2026"
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wherever We Roam

## Posted by: Gypsy Striker

## _Salutari_ , my friends …

First, let me say I am honored that the famous Kat o’ Nine Tales asked this humble Roma _barzii_ to shed some, but not too much, light on the wondrous festival known to a select few as Wherever We Roam. May it always bring joy, happiness, and enlightenment to those who have the heart and will to find it, and confusion and frustration to those who wish to destroy it.

- Humble bard? Yeah fragging right. Is that Roma for **terrorist** and **assassin** ? Because I’ve seen your Interpol files, chummer.

- **>** 0rkCE0

- And your point is? We all carry labels; some we give ourselves, others we choose to reclaim, while … others are **forced** onto us. But, I simply sing different songs. Would you like to hear one? *grin*

- Gypsy Striker

- Why do I need to keep reminding people to quit antagonizing each other and stay on topic?

- Glitch

- My apologies.

- Gypsy Striker

Wherever We Roam’s humble beginnings go back to the first Euro Wars, when various Roma families were ravaged by warfare as they attempted to survive the decimated lands of Europe. In the rare times they were able to find some sanctuary with those who did _not_ buy into the centuries of

lies and bad blood, the hosts and their families shared Roma dance and songs—some of the few things those families had left to share.

As the wars raged on, these simple gatherings became small festivals where surviving Roma and their friends, allies, or those who also sought refuge from persecution gathered to celebrate and trade. The only cost was that each person or family had to contribute _something,_ even something as simple as a campfire story.

Unfortunately it was common for forces on both sides of the war to target the Romani and … vent their frustrations upon them. But because of the good will the unfortunately-named (*ugh*) “Gypsy Tours” generated among some of the locals, many Romani were spared and hidden. After the wars, the festivals continued, albeit with a less negative connotation to the word “gypsy.” My ancestors at the time instead owned the term, and worked to change it as much as they could.

- I attended one of these tours; it was after my time … fighting, and I happened upon one by accident. I thought for sure I was going to end up in some shallow grave somewhere. It was there I learned that some wounds could be healed. I never found another one, but I’m glad I found that one.

- Fianchetto

These early tours became full-fledged festivals and even sanctioned events in some places. For a time, it was a place where the Romani and others of like spirit came together in fellowship and celebration. And for many years, it was good. Of course, something like that could never last.

In 2061, the last Gypsy Tour was killed. The direct cause was wrath born of ignorance. The twin children of the French Finance Minister, Jean-Pierre Morin, went through class-III SURGE as Halley’s Comet was seen overhead. Convinced that his children were the victims of a “Gypsy Curse,” he used his influence to go after the Romani families at that particular festival with government agents, mercenaries, and shadowrunners. In fear for our safety, we once again disappeared into the shadows. But this time, we had something we didn’t have enough of before: true allies. Those Roma families survived because of the bonds of friendship formed over many years and festivals, where previously cold hearts had put aside old prejudices and helped their newly adopted brethren.

- While others sold the Romani out. Needless to say, they did not live long enough to enjoy their metaphorical thirty pieces.

- **>** Red Anya

- Indeed. And Minister Morin did not live very long to continue dispersing said silver, either.

- Gypsy Striker



Almost a decade after the last Gypsy Tour concluded, rumors began to surface about a new underground music and arts festival making its way across Europe. These festivals were by invitation only, and those honored to get one were treated to music and festivities the likes of which had not been seen in almost a decade. It became _the_ place to see all kinds of musicians and artists from across Europe. Everything from traditional Romani folk tunes to the bleeding edge in metal and electronica were represented in a glorious fusion of sight, sound, and simsense. As in the past, chosen artisans and performers of all stripes are present. And to continue past tradition, everyone is expected to contribute something.

But as the saying goes, “this is why we cannot have nice things.” Eventually the new festival was discovered, or more accurately betrayed by a spectator (who was later dealt with accordingly), and the local authorities tried to shut it down. But the Romani have learned hard lessons about evasion. These new festivals became mobile, popping up in places and then disappearing into the night as quickly as they came.

Officially, this festival has no name and never will. But it is unofficially (and lovingly) called Wherever We Roam; a slight play on words and history, most definitely. To ensure that locations and times remain secret, access is still _mostly_ by invitation only. However, clues to when and where the next event will be are often seeded in various locations on many realms. Yes, that statement is accurate. It is said that only those of sharp mind and loving heart can find and decipher the clues that tell the where and when. And to date, not a single event has been successfully attacked or canceled.

- And it’s not uncommon for select professionals to contribute intelligence, location scouting, and security. Small price to pay, in my opinion. I was there in ‘70 with my guitar (among other things). For me, the highlight was a Romani singer whose voice I can only describe as “pure beauty.”

- Rifleman

- WWR is no longer just a European thing. It’s rumored to have crossed into Central Asia, Scandinavia, Russia, and even North and Central America in the last five years. Consider the logistics on **that** !

- Traveler Jones

- They want to keep it safe, yet put out clues? Kinda counterproductive, isn’t it?

- Slamm-0!

- And yet, only the right people seem to find it.

- Old Crow

- So what are these clues, and how do I find them?

- Treadle

- Without and within, everywhere and nowhere, hidden and in plain sight. It’s not a question of knowing where and when, but how and **why** .

- Man-of-Many-Names

- Well said, my friend.

- Gypsy Striker
