---
id: NF-0209
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Chicago
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chicago

Two “independent” studios have begun extensive operations in Chicago, and not in the nice part of town. Both Bug City Pictures and Shattergrave Productions have been selling off completed features to the larger studios. Connections between the two are rumored, based on some similarities in their unconventional business model, but my analysis didn’t dig that far up the money trail. That business model funds films up front, completes them, sells them to big studios around the world, and then distributes a percentage of profit to all those involved in the film. For two separate companies to pop up in Chicago at the same time doing the same thing seems awfully odd, though weirder things have happened in business.

- Chicago is an odd bird right now. There’s a lot of variety in the Chi-town shadows. If you want to keep it interesting, check out one of our latest updates, and then get in on the action. The city changes fast, and old news will get you killed in Bug City.

- Icarus

Bug City Pictures is headed up by Vaida Sepkus. She’s a no-nonsense negotiator with the smarts to leave the filmmaking to her creative employees. Her bio on their host is vague, but based on her scars, she probably weathered the reality of the fictions that Bug City Pictures creates. She has connections all over the former CZ, including Spire, Inc., Hoodville, and Little Earth, as well as dozens of the local warlords.

Bug City focuses on telling stories of the hardships, struggles, and action during the three-year quarantine of the Chicago Containment Zone. There are endless stories from locals as well as outsiders who found themselves working behind the wall to save lives, steal secrets, and slay monsters. Every genre is covered, all with connections to one of the darkest periods of Chicago history. In fact, one of the studio’s earliest films, _No Rest_ , is

rumored to be Vaida’s actual story from the events of late 2055.

Many of their films get limited release due to the lessons they offer about the bugs. Rather than presenting them as simply monsters, Bug City’s top storytellers often delve into the tales of the people who walked a path straight to the Universal Brotherhood—many of whom were former corporate wageslaves who felt lost within the masses of their megacorps. Then, once the story progresses, they truly show how horrifying the bugs can be. Happy endings are not their storytelling specialty.

- Got that right. I’ve come to expect those kinds of endings out of anything from BCP, but man do they make you want something different. Even though you know it’s coming, they hit home every time.

**>** Bull

- Whenever I meet a CZ survivor, I totally understand their cold detachment from those around them. Lose enough friends and you’re bound to lose yourself.

- Ire

Shattergrave Productions is the brainchild of Garrett Prior. A simple barista at Soybucks in the late ’30s, he was living a pleasant and relatively normal life until Alamos 20k brought the Sears Tower, and the Soybucks where he was working, down around his head. By some miracle, he survived the initial explosions and collapse, only to be trapped below the rubble. But he wasn’t trapped alone. A small group of ghouls had already found a nice living space in the subfloors of the skyscraper. While the collapse laid waste to surrounding areas, much of the substructure, including the sewers and tunnels beneath that section of the city, fared well. Garrett chose to be Infected in order to survive. Now, he’s chosen to bridge the society he once served and the one that saved him.

Shattergrave Productions doesn’t seem like the kind of little studio the big operations would want footage from, but they have something special. Prior has tapped a niche no others have managed: ghouls. Thanks to some tweaks on a standard simfeed, Prior can offer the ghoul experience and viewpoint for the works they produce. Stories cover a wide assortment of topics, though the plight and reality of Infected life is a common subplot across virtually every tale.

- Those tweaks he’s talking about are nothing small. Several megas are after Prior and his techs to try to get access to his protocols. Between the simfeeds from full rigs (something ghouls usually lose connectivity to) to the coding to make their natural magical nature accessible to the feed, Prior has something the big boys want.

- Red



- I started a dig on that awhile back. Prior got the tech from a Truman studio in the CZ. They were working on it before the bugs and abandoned it, or lost it, after the walls went up. I didn’t get much further than research because Prior has a lot of protection that will ruin your future if they scratch you, and the Truman site where rumors suggest he got it seems to draw a larger-than-average number of feral ghouls.

- J.J. Versluis

- If this is the place I think you’re talking about, the area is set aside as a safe haven for our less-fortunate brothers and sisters.

- **>** Hannibelle

- Damn if I don’t trace the trail for setting that patch aside back to Barry Stah. Claims to be an early activist for ghoul’s rights but hasn’t got a single photo or bit of record on him prior to ’57, and even that’s sketchy CZ data. Prior must think he’s pretty funny.

- **>** J.J. Versluis

All over the CZ, these two studios are spreading the wealth with construction efforts on the front end, promoting art and post-production efforts from real Zoners during the process, and leaving behind the sets and construction as gentrification and beautification in the aftermath. Even though it’s easy to shoot war-torn areas, post-apocalyptic settings, and even disaster films within the confines of the CZ, every production they put together includes at least one scene that requires some newer-looking structures. This provides new growth and fresh developments for all of those who have suffered so greatly. The construction efforts are generally easy, as bulldozing and building fresh is just a matter of pushing the detritus out of the way. Doesn’t leave the prettiest neighborhood around the place, but small steps still complete a journey.

- I like what they’re doing, but the construction isn’t durable. There was at least one collapse last winter, and most of the buildings have had to have several refits for insulation and real electrical and plumbing systems.

  - The possibility for the gangs or warlords (not that there’s a difference) to cause more problems is there, but they’d need to muster enough cash to buy the info or talent to cause any real problems.

  - HoodKid

  - Way to offer up the answer to those hooplickers.

  - /dev/grrl

  - As if they didn’t know that already. They aren’t FauxSox fans … oh , wait.

  - HoodKid

  - Ballsy, Kid. I like your chops.

  - Kane

  - The studios aren’t just protected by their own security. The local mob has a vested interest in making small firms like this successful. If the CZ can come back with mostly small corp support, then maybe the local mafia has a chance of holding onto some control.

  - Fianchetto

  - It’s a long shot. The megas and the Illinois government are both already heavily invested in the resurrection of Chicago. I don’t think the little guys have a chance at this point. Not that the little guys are really the little guys anymore. Someone owns them somewhere up the line.

  - Glitch

  - Chicago isn’t dead. The CZ is dead, and all those involved are using it as a PR stunt to show they care. The rest of Chicago has long kept on surviving and thriving even with that blight marring the third coast.

  - Comiskey

  - The studios have some underworld support outside of the mafia. A group known as the City Council, led by the Mayor and his Aldermen, has been promoting the studio’s efforts as a way to build civility through their artistic efforts.

  - Stone

- HoodKid

Their efforts are filled with nobility and altruism, but as one would always suspect in such a case, the haters are everywhere. Several groups are constantly trying to get their production schedules to know when and where to interfere with their efforts. Local warlords and area gangs feel the most at risk from the success of these studios, as a hopeful populace is more willing to fight back. Luckily, they don’t have the funds or the information network to do much in a large way. They occasionally get in a quick hit, cause a bit of a security issue, or come after a reconstructed neighborhood after the fact in order to put a damper on that hope, but the people of the CZ are resilient.
