---
id: NF-0289
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Thorn'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Thorn

And bigotry, of course, is certainly an issue. Sometimes it’s wrapped up in “tradition” instead of racism, but if you ask me, the end result is the same. Your sacred sport might have always been a human affair, and maybe all your technique and spirituality and mumbo-jumbo go out the window when an ork uses his strength against you, or when a dwarf’s low center-of-gravity flips the script. To me, that just means your sport needs to change with the times and keep up. It doesn’t mean they shouldn’t be allowed to play by the same rules—it means the rules need to change so they _work_ .

Now, all that said, sometimes there _is_ general agreement where disallowing spellcasters and spirits are concerned. You can’t very well call it a footrace if someone is casting Levitate, right? You can’t just whip up a Physical Barrier spell and keep a runner from reaching first base in baseball, can you? Flinging an ally spirit with Movement at someone who’s carrying a football would hardly be fair, would it?

**>** Those do all sound awesome, though. **>** /dev/grrl

The primary point of contention, then, remains metahumanity’s wondrous variety (trolls and changelings, especially), and that magical wildcard, adepts.

- Ironically, it was the CAS Supreme Court that did their

damnedest to settle the metatype issue, way back in 2056. They said it was illegal for pro leagues to keep anybody from playing based on the shape of their ears, just like it had long been illegal to do so for the color of their skin. For the CAS, back in the ’50s, that was a pretty big deal.
