---
id: NF-0070
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: switchblade smile
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## switchblade smile

My ears can cut/ The sound is my boot/ The story my knife

Consuming the flowers/ Choke on my youth/ This is my life

All Paths lead to Rome/ Your Towers are burning/ You profit on strife

Can you spell the end?/ See your stars tumbling/ We breathe ashes together

Your clothing is sheer/ Emerald Isles decaying/ Is this a Soldier’s Song?

Did you plan to be old?/ This is a corpse wedding/ You’ve been here too long

You can’t fit in my skin/ Flavored metal or blood?/ You couldn’t recognize wrong

Smile at me, Father/ You can hear them laughing/ Tongue the edge

with pop culture deep cuts. Considered a band for cinephiles, Flatvid Western doesn’t take itself too seriously, constructing “lyrics” that they find amusing in a gonzo way. At the same time, they’re vinyl purists, insisting on using the antique medium to spin at live shows and produce sounds for their recordings. This has led to a very mixed fanbase, from hipsters seeking something classic or original, to others who love the bridge they build between the old and the new.

- For a lot of the fans seeing a live show, this is their first time witnessing actual classic DJing done by hand. Seems like a lot of work to me, but the results speak for themselves.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- They show up at a lot of antiques auctions to buy century-old vinyl. It says a lot that other bidders often back down out of respect when they enter the fray.

- Red Anya

- Word is they got an audience with Rhonabwy to borrow some of his collection. Now **there** is a fandom.

- Silk

- Frosty

- S AND M! Holy crap, they’ve got layers to everything!

- Chainmaker

- I gotta admit, even I like this.

- 2XL
