---
id: NF-0327
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Kane'
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Kane

Kane, as it turns out, is one of those influencers cool hunters are desperate to find. And it’s not easy to find and use them. If the magic that these people carry could be bottled, it would have happened decades ago. They have to be found, because they often won’t seek out the corps. They’re usually not after anything other than getting the chance to be themselves, but they do it in a way that onlookers cannot help but imitate.

The reasons people imitate them are beyond the scope of this download—we’ll just accept that ithappens, and it gives those influencers power. It’s a tricky and fragile power, though. The moment it takes on a whiff of desperation, corporate marketing, or, heaven help use all, _age_ , it’s done. Gone. The influencer will influence no more.

From a cool hunter’s perspective, this means you want the influencer on your side without telling them what to do. Marching orders are impossible—youth who are close to influencers have a well-tuned radar for inauthenticity, and the moment they smell it, they’ll turn on the person they used to listen to. Also, don’t assume that everything they do will become a trend, since sometimes a quirk is just a quirk. You may not even be able to let the influencer know what you’re trying to do when you get to know them, because they won’t want you co-opting what they do. This means the main goal in identifying influencers is to watch and learn.

One more thing: Don’t think that you and your corporate buddies can become influencers, introducing trends on your own. Kids spot messages that don’t sound like one of their own even faster than they spot inauthenticity, and they have enough idiosyncrasies in their communications to ensure that adults trying to mimic them will fail. Pathetic attempts to sound young and trendy have cost more than one corp millions of nuyen.
