---
id: NF-0253
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Fear
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fear

As powerful and effective as all the techniques I’ve listed before are, there is one that beats them all: fear. For all the advances in metahumanity and all the changes that have happened in the world, people are still driven by fear. If anything, all the changes in the world have made things worse. There are so many things that people can be afraid of: orks, trolls, magic, spirits, crime, terrorism, famine, war, loss of virility—people are afraid of all this and more. Without being consciously aware of it, people’s thoughts, feelings, and behaviors change dramatically in the face of fear. Fear drives people with a power that is almost limitless, and the corporate spin doctors know it. With an injection of fear, a person’s actions can change dramatically, and they will even work to rationalize those actions afterward based on the fear they felt.

To use fear as a weapon, the corps first determine the fears of their target audience. This can come from all kinds of sources that the monolithic megacorporations have no trouble finding. Once they’ve identified the fears, they can start injecting them into their messages. Are metahumans going to ruin the country and destroy everything you know and love? Well then, metahumans are the source of all that crime, or the reason that food is

- This was my life for so many years. When the existence of technomancers broke to the public, the media whipped people into such a frenzy that there were literal lynchings in the streets, attacking anyone who appeared to have TM “powers.” Some of those poor slots weren’t even technos—just people in the wrong place at the wrong time.

- Netcat
