---
id: NF-0270
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Aurora Experience
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aurora Experience

Even if they lost their quality edge in the media department, MCT has never lost its bleeding edge in the hardware department. Their devices continue to vie for the top market spot among people looking for the next fastest commlink or sharpest simsense experience. Mitsuhama Media’s latest flagship product in that category was called (at least in California) the Aurora Experience. The marketing campaign leading up to the launch of this was unprecedented in its scope and hype level. They used the revamped quality of their media programming to its full extent to prime the demand. Despite Horizon trying to downplay it and counter with their own offering, in the end they couldn’t contend with the clearly superior MCT hardware. But then, after the successful launch of the product—lineups went for blocks, and drone deliveries were backlogged for weeks—a new controversy emerged. Horizon is now claiming that the device has embedded code that adds an “addictive emotional track” to any media consumed from the MCT grid. Mitsuhama Media—of course—deniesthe claims and has demanded proof. So far they have not produced anything conclusive, but the litigation is ongoing.

- What, like some kind of crazy technomancer shit? In every device they sell? Is that even possible? I thought MCT hated technos.

- X (decker)

- This has been a hot one for the California shadows as well. Horizon is paying big money for any runner who can get them the smoking gun they need to put down the resurgent Mitsuhama Media. On the other side, MCT has been throwing every trick they can think of to stall, influence, or derail the case.

- Sunshine

- Shouldn’t a competent decker be able to crack one of those open and find the code?

- /dev/grrl

- No one has found it yet, or we would have heard about it by now for sure. That means MCT must have used some drek-hot coding scheme that no one has been able to crack yet. If that’s the case, that’s some wiz coding.

- Slamm-0!

- What if no decker has been able to find it because it isn’t code? At least, not in the way that you can recognize?

- **>** Netcat

- Many things have changed with Mitsuhama Media lately. There are people and entities with abilities that previously they would not have considered dealing with, but desperation and greed are powerful motivators.

- Puck
