---
id: NF-0268
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Idea Exchange Network
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Idea Exchange Network

The best example I can show for how Horizon crafts a manipulating message comes from one of their newer ventures in media: Idea Exchange Network (IEN). On the surface, the IEN is a champion of the people. They tell everyone that they exist to promote the free exchange of information and ideas of all the “undiscovered intelligents” that exist in the world. Unlike the traditional media channels, they advertise that they are not controlled by some stuffy board or tyrannical CEO, but by a council or some shit of educated professionals just wanting to make the world smarter. All of this is a steaming pile of shit.

- You know, when this came out I wanted it to be true. But I suppose it was just wishful thinking. Still, it stings to have the bubble popped like this. Dammit, look at that! They got me to **like** the fucking station.

- Butch

In a recent bit of investigative reporting, I was able to acquire documents from a major Horizon office that detail how and why the IEN was created. The information is chilling.

- That must have been one hell of a run. You must have had a crack team to get that kind of score.

- Pistons

- Your self-congratulating drek makes me want to vomit.

- Clockwork

Horizon had identified a demographic of people who considered themselves discerning and intelligent, making a specific choice to avoid the traditional media outlets. They were seeking out alternate sources of information that they identified with on a deeper level. Seeing and profiling the target audience—as Horizon does so well—they crafted a media product to perfectly target the audience: well-educated deep thinkers who distrust traditional authority figures. IEN was born to dump a whole load of Horizon-approved messages down the ear hole of this audience. Carefully craftLEADINGed and disguised, they deliver product advertisements as “reviews” and “recommendations,” they create alternate narratives for events as “new academic analysis,” and twist the facts of events with their “reports from the streets.” While initially given a modest budget to test the idea, IEN has likely outgrown even Horizon’s optimistic expectations as contributions and subscriptions to the network continue to grow, with articles and shows in new languages being posted each new day.
