---
id: NF-0105
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Umsakazo, Azania
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Umsakazo, Azania

Azania has always been a land of clashing cultures. Seventeen tribes laid claim to the land before the British drew borders and the Dutch sucked it dry. Indian migrants somehow found promise in cheap labor, and German investment worked its way into the cracks of society and eroded them to valleys. This was all before the Awakening. When dragons fell from skies, races transcended from social constructs based on skin color to physiological definitions based on genetic mutation, alien bugs swarmed, and magic clashed with technology, the rickety post-apartheid state nearly collapsed under the weight of its own schizophrenic insecurities. This is where Umsakazo was born. This is

where they grew up; in the slums by the river, blocks away from Cheese Boys, in rubbish heaps, and serving blonde, beautiful Tirna in pressed whites. A batch of tribal elves and third-generation expats led by Wakyambi vocalist Xavier Thomas and pan-instrumentalist Jack Redwood, they were, to say the least, at a disadvantage. Despite this, they were determined to break away from their past—and the past of the entire country—from the very beginning. Their stated goal is to create a new sound, a new culture from the disparate ashes of the dozens that came before them.

They relentlessly take to this task by employing the instruments around them in broken, unconventional ways. A Mog and Doncomatic Keyboard, a crackling Speak-n-Spell, a bodged-together 808, all decrepit and found in a trash heap, come together to form a driving, bass-heavy melody, punctuated by android voices singing Xhosa and Zulu war chants. Car bonnets and empty beer bottles become a drum set, Grandfather’s tired voice rasps over the sounds of Jo-burg outside the window. By the next track, we’re tossed back in to an eerie acoustic lullaby that could be sung in the middle of nowhere under the stars, or in the blown-out theater down the street, then out-of-tune horns and a broken piano blare over Xavier’s crooning paranoia [see sidebar].
