---
id: NF-0158
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Karl Kombatmage Reloaded (WBN)
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Karl Kombatmage Reloaded (WBN)

I don’t know what it is that keeps _KKM_ alive. Is it the wacky fictionalized German setting? The at best mediocre acting (especially in the original series)? Or maybe it’s the soap opera-esque plots? From the outside it all looks really cringy, but when you start to watch, it’s downright addictive. But whatever it is, the Karl Kombatmage phenomenon now has lasted for more than twenty years now. You can see cosplayers at every big convention. This show has shaped the public view on shadowrunners, even “inspiring” many people to try their hand at shadow work.

- Many of them were shocked after they discovered the life of a shadowrunner is not like in the trids. Naive, dead bastards.

- **>** Glitch

_Karl Kombatmage_ started as a tridseries in 2058 portraying the life of Karl Kombatmage (Joe Venski), a shadowrunner, and his crew. They all rock cheesy names—Danny Decker (Silvio Patrone), Ritschie Rigger (Peter Herbst), Sally Schamanin (Eliza May), Sammy Samurai (Mahmud Belugi), and Tobi Troll (Kevin Winzacker)—that were too on the nose but still somehow okay with the masses that ate the show up. There were various other characters and recurring cast members, but this was the core team that ultimately made ten seasons, five feature-length _KKM_ trids, and various spin-offs. While mostly popular in Germany, the series soon gained worldwide recognition, thanks to DeMeKo’s worldwide distribution network. Unfortunately, after the tenth season in 2064, just before Crash 2.0, the series was canceled. It faded out with the with a few low-budget trids and some lackluster spin-offs, but the huge success of the early years was gone. The actors hadn’t aged well, and every one of them had survived a variety of scandals.

- Poor Silvio Patrone became a chiphead and did everything from humiliating reality-trid shows to porn. He recently made his third trip to rehab and now lives in a Westphalian monastery. Peter Herbst completely vanished from the public and allegedly

became a real shadowrunner. He’s rumored to be a fixer in the German shadows, now. Eliza May became a second-tier celebrity in the Munich schickeria, still a yellow press favorite. Kevin Winzacker opened a bar in Munich but died some years ago. Only Mahmud Belugi still works as a “serious” actor.

- Dr. Spin

Move forward almost a decade, and Bavaria listened to its fans. In 2071, they rebooted the franchise with _Karl Kombatmage Reloaded_ . The wacky tone of the old episodes was gone, though. The show addressed modern issues, became darker, more nuanced, and kind of more realistic—kind of. The old roles were recast and rewritten. The primary cast over the last nine seasons is younger and more international. You now have the former model Kamil Pjekow as the new Karl Kombatmage and the Dutch actress Madeleine Terboven as Annie Assassin (who went from the main antagonist to one of his allies due to the huge popularity of the character). French actor Pierre Rodin is Claude Chamäleon, Frank Maria Grimm is Harry Hacker, and Dana Kalenjo is a new, yet familiar, Samantha “Sammy” Samurai. Only the venerable Joe Venski has a recurring role in the new series, as the mysterious, smoking mentor of Karl, along with his own subplot.

- Alexandre Plumioën, the original actor for the role of Harry Hacker, died in a car accident just after the second season. He was drunk after a party and walked into the street, where a car hit him. The press made the masses believe it was an accident, but it was common knowledge that Plumioën was a vegan and Buddhist who wouldn’t touch alcohol with a three-meter rod.

- **>** The Smiling Bandit

After nine seasons, _KKMR_ has parented several spin-offs, with occasional crossovers. You have _Holly Striker: Street Warrior_ (co-produced by Bavaria and Hollywood Simsense Entertainment), which is set in Seattle and centered around the adept Holly Striker. There are also plenty of cheap knockoffs, like _Carlos Guerra_ from Aztechnology, which centers around a local hero who fights off evil foreign corporations trying to secretly infiltrate Aztlan.
