---
id: NF-0369
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'Stolen Gear (negative quality) - Bonus: 1 To 20 Karma'
page: 163
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Stolen Gear (negative quality)

## Bonus: 1 To 20 Karma

A mentor of yours once said, “You are a shadowrunner. Why buy what you can steal?” Taking their words to heart, you went out and took what you wanted, and damn the consequences. Might not have been the best of ideas, chummer, because someone wants their stuff back.

The player and gamemaster must decide on the exact details, but the benefit is that for each point of Karma (up to 20) spent on Stolen Gear, the character gets 10,000 nuyen (see below) to spend on gear, cyberware, and/or bioware during character creation. These points are spent instead of the normal Karma for extra cash (not in addition to), and extend the possible additional funds to 150,000¥.

This nuyen must be spent on gear, cyberware, or bioware. Any nuyen left over does not convert into nuyen that the character can keep.

Congratulations! You’ve got a ton of wiz gear! Unfortunately, you lifted it from someone with the means to hunt you down and get it back. I mean, what did you expect after stealing from someone who could afford to leave such nice gear lying around? Not only will these folks be hunting you themselves, but they’ll be putting a large bounty on your head (worth at least 25,000 nuyen) and sending other runners after you. The more you stole, the more they’ll want you found. See the table below for guidelines on how often someone comes hunting for you. And once they catch you, odds are you’ll be a smoking pile of meat after they’ve reclaimed their goods. Maybe if you’re lucky, you can convince them to let you live if you work for them to pay off what you stole. Hope you’re a smooth talker, chummer. You start with a Heat rating of 2 if you took this at character creation, or increase your Heat rating by 2 if you acquire this quality later.

The character can buy this quality down in increments to represent that the people/organization/ corp hunting them are starting to give up, as they begin to spend more hunting the character than the gear that was stolen from them is worth. Once the character buys off the quality entirely, the hunters have given up. If the character is captured by the people hunting them, the gamemaster may allow the character to live if they agree to work for their
