---
id: NF-0256
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Heckle
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Heckle

The first step in tearing down someone with an opposing viewpoint, someone who points out the lies and hypocrisy, is to heckle them. When the corporate “public image” departments get the sensethat some person or organization is gaining an audience, they will start to seed that audience with hecklers. These contrarians start the undermining process by harassing whoever is pushing the message in a steady barrage. They will point out opposing stories (from their own sources, of course), pick out logical flaws or holes (if there are any), or just call them a liar, traitor, or fucktard. They will digitally vandalize objects that the source puts on the Matrix or places that they frequent. They will alter or add their own AROs and tags wherever they find them. Whatever works to begin to erode general confidence in the source, they will use. The key to this technique is not what is being done but the volume and persistence of it. They will use whatever resources they have to ensure that nothing the source posts goes unmarred.

- I’m sure this operation can get quite sophisticated. I once saw a small army of sprites swarming their way across a host engaged in an assortment of targeted digital vandalism. Compiling disposable sprites would be an easy way to spread a message.

- Respec

- Except technos working in corporate offices are a rare resource. I imagine they only get pulled out for something like this if times are getting desperate. I know dozens of Matrix gangs that would engage in that kind of digital mischief for peanuts and pocket change in comparison.

- Slamm-0!
