---
id: NF-0210
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: St. Louis
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## St. Louis

The Gateway City has been serving as a backdrop of visual entertainment material for going on half a century. Ever since downtown Chicago got trashed by Alamos 20k, companies have been using St. Louis to depict the dark urban sprawl in their epic tales in a place that doesn’t risk the crew being eaten by ghouls or kidnapped by bug spirits. Well, there’s less risk of it. Whether they realize it or not, most runners are doing a ton of work around this patch of the Mississippi connecting back to the various production companies.

The shadows have been especially hot of late, with a huge volume of the films sliding out of St. Louis being used to promote local agendas into abroader market. All while those same agendas are being pushed heavily on set and within the production crew. You can’t swing a stick without hitting a Mr. Johnson looking for a team to hinder the efforts of a rival who wants to promote their side of the story. With the four major agendas (proUCAS, pro-CAS, pro-megas, pro-Free City) being pushed so heavily over the past eighteen months and ramping the industry up, production groups and film companies have been branching out their money-making machine and pandering to groups looking to build a film around other issues. The small-time stuff might not pay as well, but it also tends to avoid getting you shot at.

The pro-UCAS faction desires a stronger and greater connection with the nation across the river. Their films depict a far stronger UCAS than the real one, or depict the entire situation indirectly (or incorrectly, depending on who you ask). _Southern Pride_ came out earlier this year and has been raking in positive reviews. It’s a modern retelling of _Pride and Prejudice_ set in St. Louis, veering vastly from the original in order to get the right messages across. Especially prominent, and way off from the original, is the message that St. Louis is at the heart of the UCAS in the south, allowing the tale to give off a more classic American south vibe, despite originally being set in England even before the first time there was a north and south in the United States.

- The film is getting a bunch of positive press, and several big names are calling for Academy Award nods. Which, as discussed earlier, means work for us.

- Glitch

**>** Cross is played by Anthony Sherman, son of Senator Nathanial Sherman, a known member of the Black Lodge. I’m not sure if the apple fell far from the tree, or if it is just taking a different course, but keep that in mind if you have any dealings with Sherman or anything related to him.

**>** Icarus

- A sequel is already in the works. **Risen City** supposedly pushes the Free City agenda straight down the watcher’s throat with very little veil on the message.

- /dev/grrl

War movies usually do well as long as they have some compelling tale to go along with all the cool scenes of stuff blowing up. _Bloody Ol’ Muddy_ wants that story to make you hate the UCAS and think the CAS is the only hope for a city that is confused about where it belongs and gets itself caught in the middle of a war. The movie depicts the aftereffects of a war between the UCAS and CAS played out with St. Louis as a major warzone. A unit of Confederate soldiers is sent into the warzone to recover a missing doctor. The doctor, played by Dyna Grayson, turns out to be more than they expected. With UCAS soldiers hot on their heels, they need to get out of St. Louis fast.

- It’s basic fare for a movie, but the depiction of soldiers on each side couldn’t be any more biased if they tried. Aston Gates is a bright-eyed fresh lieutenant, looking to be the noble, young hero for the CAS. Meanwhile, Sergeant Frank Springfield is the hyper-violent, grizzled veteran on the UCAS side, willing to stop at nothing, including killing women and children, to prevent the doctor from escaping. The stereotypes run deep in this one.

- Sunshine

- We’re also going to be hired on the sly by Horizon to correct those changes and ease the pressure other teams put on the voters. Horizon doesn’t want it to look like they’re interfering with the awards, so they have to keep it in the shadows, but they need these next few years to go smoothly for their new contract.

- **>** /dev/grrl

Working the opposing message this year was _Fallen Arche_ s, a tale of runners working against the development of the ARCHology. With a definite anti-mega, anti-UCAS, pro-Free City feel, the story itself feels like it got bulldozed to the side as the political agendas leap out at every turn. Main character Cavilan Ross, a.k.a. Cross, leads his runners all over the sprawl, including across the river to a hellscape UCAS, to deal with the low-life corporate scum looking to steal the land to build their newest tower of greed. It’s not a spoiler, don’t worry. This film telegraphs every move, but that isn’t hurting its bottom line. _Fallen Arches_ has the fourth spot on the list of highest grossing films of the year, with less than a handful that look like they may be able to take it out of the top five before year’s end.

Utopian futures are a fixture of sci-fi, and _Gateway to Infinity_ is the most recent entry in this tradition. This epic megacorporate hoop-licking flick is centered on a bustling urban sprawl, filled with shiny structures peppered with just enough green to look eco-friendly. The backdrop for this extra-dimensional exploration film is obviously St. Louis (retagged Archangel City) with the arch as a focus for this unique form of travel. The city’s corporate council, which looks an awful lot like a rebranded Big Ten corp, is at the heart of the explorational efforts. Those efforts are by a collection of rebellious rabble dubbed the Shadow Force. The release date has been pushed back several times over the past year as the production has been hindered by setback after setback. I’m certain no one here has heard anything about any of that!

- The story looks like a post-fall knock of NeoNET, with one of the traitorous members of the council coming from NovaNET.

- **>** /dev/grrl



- Based on the original release date, that would have been more like well-timed propaganda as NeoNET was pinned and shredded for Boston. The work that slowed the picture could very well have come from them at that time, given the amount of bad press they were trying to dodge in order to sell off what they could before the fire sale by the Corporate Court.

**>** Icarus
