---
id: NF-0286
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Action News - Report 2080-05-18 - Seattle Carjacking Leads to Grisly Deaths
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Action News

## Report 2080-05-18

## Seattle Carjacking Leads to Grisly Deaths

Knight Errant has confirmed that three people are dead after a car-jacking went wrong in the early morning hours on Highway 405 in Seattle. The infamous biker gang, the 405 Hellhounds allegedly approached a vehicle, attempting to force it to a


**==> picture [27 x 145] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
122<br>SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

LEADINGstop in order to steal it and rob the inhabitants. A chase ensued, with the pursued vehicle eventually crashing into a median strip at a high speed several kilometers later. KE officers are not releasing the names of any victims at this time.

- Sure, but this one hits a little closer to home.

- Sunshine

- How many times have I told you not to believe anything you read from those shit-spewers?

- Late Breaking

- That van was carrying my friend Late Breaking and her team.

- Sunshine

- So what? Sounds like bad luck with the Hellhounds catching them out on the road.

- Clockwork

- How can you be so fucking stupid? Of course it wasn’t the Hellhounds—they’re just a bunch of joy-riding punks! Late Breaking and her team knew how to take care of themselves, so there’s no way a bunch of biker punks took them out.

- Sunshine

- I just read the **Wandervogel** report on this attack. The van looked like it was a fucking shooting gallery target for highcaliber weapons. The rear passenger side of the vehicle looked like it was ripped open by some sort of high explosive. Does that sound like go-ganger firepower to you?

- Kay St. Irregular

- I think the smart ones here can put together the pieces. Late Breaking has been pissing off the news corps for too long now. Somehow they got wind of her location and decided to remove the annoyance. It’s not like they haven’t done shit like this before.

  - Holy shit, you’re alive! How did you make it away from that corp death squad?

  - Sunshine

  - I’m a slippery one, and way too angry and stubborn to die. Especially if those asshats are doing the shooting.

  - Late Breaking

  - But you’re on borrowed time. Those teams are professionals, and they’ve got to know that there wasn’t enough of you in that wreck to confirm your death. They’ll be looking for any sign that you’re still alive and come to finish the job.

  - Mihoshi Oni

  - Let them. I’m not cowering in some shitty safe house for the rest of my life, living off of soykaf and krill bars. Those fuckers killed my team and tried to make me bleed out, too. I’m not going to let them walk away from that. I’m going to go back at them—grab their balls and squeeze as hard as I can. I am going to broadcast every dirty fucking secret they have until the people riot and bring those corporate shit-towers burning to the ground. Who’s with me?

  - Late Breaking

- Kane
