---
id: NF-0066
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Erebus & Cerberus
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Erebus & Cerberus

A New York success story, this elf-and-troll duo formed the rap supergroup Erebus & Cerberus after meeting at a pirate trid cartoon studio, of all things. Both had long been involved in socially progressive work shining a light on government and corporate corruption and societal decay before meeting, and their sounds meshed perfectly. While the corps aren’t happy about them, they sell packed shows everywhere from small secret shows in smoky clubs to a sold-out Madison Square Garden concert last year. Erebus’s production skills are tight as hell, and Cerberus, a CAS expat, is a stonecold performer. The best part? All of their music is free. You have to pay to see them at the stadiums, but every track they make is free to download.

- These guys are chill as frag. I’m not sure I’ve ever seen them without deepweed in hand, and they make some of the coolest music videos I’ve ever seen. They are, unfortunately, both taken, but I’ve rarely met such charming and gentlemanly flirts in my life. And seriously, the best sense of humor in the biz.

- **>** Kat o’ Nine Tales

- There are a lot of rumors that they both have a history in the shadows. Erebus was allegedly a pretty hot Brooklyn decker back in the day when he wasn’t breakdancing on street corners, and Cerberus supposedly did a whole lot of hooding in Atlanta. Of

- I hope they’re doing all right. I loved Swallowtail, and they’ve only gotten better with age.

- Bull
