---
id: NF-0300
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Care & Feeding of pro Athletes Turned Shadowrunners
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Care & Feeding of pro Athletes Turned Shadowrunners

Now, just because the transition from courtballer or urban brawler to shadowrunner might be _simple_ , that doesn’t mean it’s going to be _easy_ . There are combat skills and, if you’re lucky and well-connected, augmentations aplenty that can transfer over, but that doesn’t mean just any Joe off the court is ready to be a street samurai as easy as that.



**>** Yeah, there’s this little thing called “professionalism” that these pretty boy sportsballers just don’t bring to the table. **>** Kane

**>** I almost had a stroke just now.

**>** Cosmo

**>** Bwahahahah!

**>** Kane

One of the most glaring differences between being the starting Banger for an urban brawl team and being the heavy hitter for a shadowrunner outfit—and one of the differences that’s going to show itself well before you go on a single job—is the sudden and clear lack of a support crew. You don’t have franchise armorers keeping everything locked, loaded, and ready to roll, any more than you have sideline supplementary medics or a locker room masseuse standing by. You’ll need a fixer (a _good_ one), a street doc, a proper arms dealer, and the nuyen to back up each request, to get anywhere near that level of support again. Building that sort of network takes time, and requires some connections, itself. If you’ve got some new muscle wanting to transition to the shadows, and you’re the one that hooks them up with access to that network, you’ll help your would-be teammate get up and running that much more quickly, and they’ll owe you one before any drek hits any fans.

Then, of course, there’s the simple matter of the skills that _aren’t_ easily transferable from the court to the back-alleys. Knowing how to talk to people (and who not to talk to) could easily be a shadow-primer all by itself, but there are practical, physical, skills, too, that even the most topnotch shooter might be lacking. Urban brawlers and combat bikers make a living off of big, flashy, plays, and earn plenty of nuyen for wiping out the enemy team. If they decide to go in guns blazing instead of tip-toing their way through an infiltration, your team can get hosed, and quick. Speaking of infiltrating, most of them don’t have any idea how to pop a lock or bypass security, either. Those are pretty necessary on any shadow crew, as we’ve all learned one way or the other.

Even combat skills don’t always swap over as neatly as they might like. A mano-a-mano or Ultimate Fighting contender might be rightfully fearless in a one-on-one fight, and a stickballer or hurler could be hell on wheels with a baton … but chummers, how often do we get in fair fights, in our line of work? Even the most ruthless courtballer out there could be a real demon with a knife in his hands in a three-on-three skirmish, but once you start tossing spirits, spells, and automatic weapons into the mix, or up-scaling to a standard six-man security response team, they could find themselves in over their heads.

I’d be remiss if I didn’t also mention the SIN and fame issues that might haunt an athletic phenom

trying to keep a low profile on a shadow-squad. Hackers, make sure her drek is slaved to yours, security-wipe it for her, and hook her up with a proper fake SIN. Fixers and street docs, try to talk your buddy into some cosmetic work (at least a hair and eye color swap) to help avoid being recognized (and for pete’s sake, remind them to avoid any standard pro-athlete celebrations after a big fight; corp-sec won’t even _need_ gait recognition software to find a match, if your teammate’s sloppy enough).

Last but not least, we’ve got the intangibles. Watching your back. Never trusting an elf. Never dealing with a dragon.

**>** Hey! **>** Netcat

**>** Heh. **>** Bull

There’s running the shadows for a night, and then there’s _being a shadowrunner_ . Even some of us right here on JackPoint still struggle with being the right mix of stick-it-to-the-man and I-watchmy-own-back, right? And we’ve all been in the shadowrunning biz for a while, to be posting here.

**>** Speak for yourself. I’m no shadowrunner. **>** Kincaid

Some hotshot combat biker might just be the spitfire you need to watch your back during a getaway, but if they get sloppy drunk and brag about it like they just made a big play, you could get blown away well after the fact. Don’t expect them to be cold-eyed professionals overnight, any more than all of us were. Remind them, early, loudly, and often, that they’re in a new line of work, now, and that here, _they’re_ the rookies.

But if you show them the ropes and help them out, they can be a ready-packaged ass-kicker for any shadowteam that signs them up. With just a little guidance and a helping hand, any fixer I know could turn a high-end biker or brawler into a shadow asset in just a few months. If they keep their eyes and ears open and try to learn, you’ll have some solid street muscle in no time.
