---
id: NF-0296
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'The Man: Sports and Culture'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Man: Sports and Culture

At the end of the day, even the most die-hard sports fans have to take a step back and recognize that, essentially, we’re just consumers like everybody else. Sports exist not to bring communities together for a shared, uplifting experience, nor to celebrate the hard work and dedication of the young women and men who train, prepare, and study to do the best they can in their chosen fields. Sports exist, fundamentally, as a means of taking away our hard-earned nuyen through a meticulously fostered system of lifelong fanaticism and brand loyalty.

The bottom line isn’t a celebration of metahuman excellence or talent, it’s the harvesting of nuyen from us loyal schmucks. That’s important to keep in mind as we discuss individual sports later on, it’s important to keep in mind when we talk about the money that these sponsors pour into their teams (just remember—they’re clearly getting even more money out of it), it’s important to keep in mind when we talk about incarcerated people being press-ganged into playing these games for little or no compensation, and it’s important to keep in mind when we talk about player injuries and deaths. At the end of the day, the corps are … the corps. They exist to take nuyen from you and me, period.

I mean, this particular method of nuyen-taking is awesome. I love it. I’m sticking with it, just like a BTL addict, sugar addict, or novacoke addict sticks with it. But I’m doing so with my eyes wide open, and I, at least, have earned my “hardearned” nuyen in a little cooler way than most sports fans, and I won’t deny that me and Netcat have a bit more nuyen to spare on this sort of thing than your average corp drone. I don’t feel bad for spending some of it on cool stuff that makes me happy, but I sometimes do feel bad for the seventy-hour-workweek schmuck who sinks his savings into corporate-branded gear and spends his weekend cheering on his corporate-branded team.

**>** This is pretty shockingly self-aware of you, kid. You feeling okay? **>** Bull

I mention all that just to clear the air before we dive in. It explains why these sponsors make the decisions they do. Even the non-corporate ones—the local governments that try to put second-tier teams together, that sort of thing—they’re ultimately in it to make money. That colors every single thought,

that _is_ the bottom line for them. They care about player safety (in the sports that even still use that fig leaf) only because they need players for the games to make them money. They care about fan involvement and the community only because it’s fans that give them money. They care about the sanctity of the game only because pretending to do so means fans will pay them money. They care about the rules of the game, about winning the game, about _playing_ the game, only because it is through doing so that they can continue to profit.

Never forget that soulless animatronic monsters staff the upper echelons of every sport I’m about to wax geek-etic about. For all that I love an awful lot of my home teams, I never really feel like it’s the idea of the team I’m hurting, if I take a gig against ’em.

Now, there are plenty of people with tons of heart in the lower rungs, don’t get me wrong. Casters and athletes, managers and coaches, trainers and team psychiatrists, dieticians and medical staff, the folks who clean the towels and uniforms, sweep the floors, tend the fields, maintain the equipment … lots of them are doing what they do for love of the game and the community built around that game. Respect those folks. Just like the salaryman sitting plugged into a cubicle somewhere, there’s no reason to rough ’em up if you come across a normal work-a-day schlub during a run.

Back to those decisions, though, and how they’re all about the nuyen, huh?

Plenty of the conversations to be had about metaracism fit more into metahuman culture (and how to profit from it) than anything else. Heck, the executives making these top-level decisions that happen to promote metaracism might not even be metaracists themselves, they’re just okay with pandering to metaracists because that’s what market analysis suggests will keep them rolling in hookers and blow.

For instance? Sex sells, elves sell, and elven sex sells.

**>** Ahem? **>** Netcat

So what do we see? Hunky elven faces to franchises, gorgeous elven women on center-stage, more elven cheerleaders (in leagues that still have cheerleders) than any other metatype, juicy gossip-columnist and paparazzi pieces about illicit affairs between players, staff, said cheerleaders, pop stars, supermodels, etc. … and very little mention of _the game_ . They’re all about the juicy docu-drama, the chiseled jawline that’ll look good for team advertisements, and the male power fantasy of being a good-looking superstar athlete.

**>** There’s probably no better poster-children for this than Jon Winger and Tamara Ny, riding for the Los Angeles Sabers combatbiker team, back in the early ’50s. Tamara died mid-game, and half of the media buzz about it was focused on their supposed romance, instead of Dougan Rose’s hit that took her out. **>** Hard Exit

For a prime example of this sort of elven favoritism at play, even/especially in non-Tír sports, let’s talk about football for a minute (the American kind, not soccer). Football has long been divided into “skill positions” and, well, others. The skill position players are the ones who handle the ball, score points, and earn glory (or the defensive linemen who directly oppose them). They get the camera time. They get their faces on everything. They get the jersey sales, the highlight reels, the cushy commentator jobs when their careers are over.

Couple that with the specific physicality required by, say, quarterbacks (game sense, intangible social skills and leadership abilities, perception, enough height to see past linemen, quickness to avoid tackles, hand-eye coordination for accurate throws) or their primary targets, wide receivers (long, lean, builds and good reach to make jump-catches, topend running speeds to dart downfield, lean builds to dodge tacklers) and what do you think ends up filling those roles more than any other metatype?

**>** I bet he’s about to say orks. **>** Bull

Elves, that’s right.

Furthermore, look at how other players are treated compared to those skill position players. Look at the stereotypes about most football players—not quarterbacks, but most other positions— as big, strong dummies. Look at the prioritization of brawn over brains in popular culture, when they’re discussed. Look at how they’re told, from peewee ages on up through college and into the big leagues, how disposable they are; they’re told to take a hit for their quarterback, to protect their quarterback, to throw themselves between oncoming Mack-truck-looking rushers and their quarterback.

There’s no question where the most salary goes, along with the most camera time, the most league-sanctioned awards, the most hall of fame slots. Teams clearly prioritize the welfare of skill position players over everyone else, and, hell, they’re open about it.

Now, take that team’s natural inclination to favor one player over another, add in the elven superiority complex, and couple it with elven longevity that doubles or triples or quadruples how strongly teams feel the way they already feel.

**>** Man, imagine if Tom Brady’d been a spike baby.

**>** Pistons
