---
id: NF-0148
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: BattleRun (HTO)
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## BattleRun (HTO)

In the thirty-second century, war is the new normal for humanity. The megas have teamed up with the Intergalactic Royal Houses and are out to come out on top, no matter who they have to kill, bribe, or seduce. Based on the acclaimed eighteen-book series by Jonas Mars, the Successor States break out in three dimensions on HTO. While the crash of L.B.I. was expected to restore order to the Inner Sphere, no one expected Mulva Hansen and her Turkish invasion of the Terran Meritocracy. Can Lofwyr, Alaric Lupis, and Gertrude Steiner co-exist enough to survive and thwart Mulva’s ambitions? Will the return of Darren Lime change the Meritocracy’s outlook? And what of the grudge match between Albert Davos and Wuxing CEO Gloria Chao? Will it go beyond minor raids and assassinations of their love interests? Like a lance of Rampages from the Periphery, _BattleRun_ will surprise you when you don’t expect it and play it straight when you do.

- Well, the writing is all right, but at least my nuyen isn’t going to some mega. I only support independent creations.

- Tauren

- Seattle may be a hotbed of independent trid, but follow the ownership of Puyallup Productions down the rabbit hole and you’ll find … Horizon!

- Slamm-0!

- Oh, come on! Puyallup just put out that documentary on Horizon, the one that basically says they don’t deserve to be one of the Big 10.

- Tauren

- There’s no such thing as bad publicity!

- Slamm-0!



- Really? Tell that to Renraku when you’re within sight of the ACHE.

- **>** Sounder
