---
id: NF-0089
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'Country Scene - Posted by: Twang'
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Country Scene

## Posted by: Twang

All right, I’d say this is a local focus piece, but I’ve seen way too many Japanacorp execs out on their free time rocking a Stetson and singing “Momma’s Gonna Kill Me” by Orkountry into a karaoke microphone. Whether that’s about homage, fandom, or pure mocking entertainment doesn’t matter. What matters is music written on a napkin in some seedy bar while wallowing over the loss of your dog, wife, truck, best friend, etc. can be heard all over the world. It’s huge in the CAS and most of the UCAS, but it carries over to just about every nation touched by the former USA. Whether part of their anti-establishment underground or a genuine part of their history, the influence of the U.S. of A. lives on in country hearts.

“But this is JackPoint,” you say. “What does it have to do with my next run?” Could be nothing, could be everything, because while I joke about that seedy bar and napkin, most of today’s biggest hits are written on a tour bus, by someone already making millions of nuyen (not much for themselves, but I’m not touching that part of this industry), in an office highrise by the genius without a pretty face, or on some daydreamer’s home system or commlink—and that’s all paydata! Runners get jobs to snag the latest and greatest musical creations from the brightest stars, new and old. They even get hired to snag those stars sometimes, and as long as you can avoid doing something stupid because you’re star-struck, you’re golden. It’s those personalities at the top of the country world I want to talk about!

- In parts of Eastern Europe, country and bluegrass is incredibly popular. So much so that they just call it their own folk music. Maybe the chord progressions are similar enough by coincidence, but they’re adamant on the topic. Regardless,

drive ten miles outside of Prague or go to a regional fair, and I can guarantee you’ll come across a few gents with a banjo, guitar, and washboard who’re passing an unmarked bottle between them and belting sweet twangs into the night. Could be a useful cover.

**>** Dez
