---
id: NF-0246
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: History of Lies
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## History of Lies

Things started to go wrong with the passing of the Journalist Protection Agreement in 2037. By its name, indeed at the time, this seemed to be a _good_ thing—something that would secure the protection of those who report the news. I’d like to believe that the original intention of this international agreement was pure, but as with everything (it seems) in this world, it inevitably turned to shit. Since this was an international agreement, there was a separate board that oversaw the administration and licensing of the people that the Agreement deemed a “journalist.” At first, one didn’t _have_ to be board-certified to report and have their work berespected and published. However, the board put pressure on nations all over the globe to adopt JPA certification as a requirement for being considered a legitimate journalist. They did this using all the tried and tested techniques for pushing a message that the evil overlords want to get across. I’ll go into more depth on this later. Well, the heckling, honeypotting, and hacking worked, with most of the world and corporate nations agreeing that only a JPA-certified journalist could conduct “legitimate” journalism. Anyone who didn’t have a license was effectively blackballed and banned from getting a job in any of the mainstream media.

- I remember the adoption of this in my country. At the time it was universally praised as a huge positive. The days of propaganda news and regional bias was going to come to an end. This international organization was going to ensure that news was held to the highest standards, and a bright future of truth awaited everyone. Even then, I thought they were laying it on kind of thick.

- 2XL

- I definitely just choked on that dragon turd sized hunk of bullshit and irony. All rolled into one shit ball.

uates. They _advertised_ about the success of their corporate brainwashing program. JPA consultants charged the schools top rates for the services, because of course they did.

What we are left with now is an entire system that is designed to speak the corporate message, push their narrative, and tell the news that they want the people to know and believe. Your average Joe Q. Citizen has no idea that the news they consume every day, every moment, is a fiction that has been carefully crafted and handed to them. All of it designed to keep them docile, believing in the corporate agenda, and being part of the machine.
