---
id: NF-0284
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Orunmila
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Orunmila

Whenever I go to write about something, I make sure I take the time to research and understand it properly. In order to report the news accurately, you need more than a half-assed impression of your subject. The last thing I want is to spout off about something I know nothing about like the dumbass talking-heads who vomit the news at us these days. For this reason, I haven’t written much of anything about magic and the astral world. Fortunately, I don’t have to worry that the topic is going uncovered by an honest source. For that, we have Orunmila.

- My translation soft must be broken—what is that word?

- /dev/grrl

- Orunmila is the name of the spiritual manifestation of wisdom and knowledge in many African faiths.

- Am-mut

Orunmila is a group of magically active beings—mostly metahuman magicians, but some free spirits and such—who make it their business to inform the general public about magical goings-on. The kind of reporting they do comes in three main categories.

The first kind are general-interest pieces on what is going on in the world from a magical perspective. These can be interesting “natural” (if you can call magical things natural) events such as mana storms, spontaneous spiritual convergences, or unexplained phenomena. They report on the work of the Astral Space Preservation Society in protecting areas of unique magical beauty, along with the work of independent researchers and “astral environmentalists.” They even explain findings of recent magical research in a way that all of us can understand.



The second kind of article they write is pieces that raise awareness and acceptance of sentient non-metahumans. There have been editorials on Sasquatch culture, free spirits who have become popular artists, and a young naga’s first day at school. They tell the stories of their lives, hopes, and dreams in a way that everyone can relate to. They really are heart-warming, and I always look forward to reading them and feeling like maybe, just for a moment, the whole world isn’t going to hell.

- Oh slot, I read one of those once and it was boring with a capital B and a capital ORING. When I see something about centaurs I don’t want to hear about his fragging fruit orchard! I want to read about all the weird and crazy shit that they do.

- Chainmaker

- But that’s just the point, though. What Orunmila is trying to do with those articles is make those creatures seem **less** weird, not more. They are trying to emphasize the similarities between them and metahumanity, not the differences. By showing all the relateable aspects of their lives, they reduce that fear in people about things that they don’t understand. At least, that’s what they’re trying to do.

- Glasswalker

The third, and most common, kind of article they write, however, is about the depressing state of the magical world today. The modern Sixth World has not been kind to its magical neighbor.

- That might be the understatement of the century.

- Winterhawk

prevented them from displacing the native people. Well, once I made it back to the local sprawl to start arranging my trip home, I caught word that the corp finally found their solution—they hired a hit squad to remove the local population. I couldn’t believe they would get that much blood on their hands, but I should have known better. Three weeks later, I saw a news feed saying that all the natives were found dead from a “mysterious viral sickness.” With no more natives, there was nothing to prevent Manadyne from moving in, those heartless bastards. **>** Lyran

How can I say all this like the magic world is so near and dear to me, you say? Well, that’s what Orunmila does best. With only a small fraction of the population being magically active, they know that they need to make mundanes care about the magical world if they are going to have a chance at changing anything. As a result, their stories do a fantastic job at making the mana world understandable to us mundanes. Their writers are among the very best at describing magical phenomena in a way that everyone can grok. Equally talented artists render visions of the astral realm in colors and visuals that are vibrant and compelling. Possibly most surprising of all are the occasional VR simulations that they produce, allowing regular people to experience what it is like to be in the astral realm—and to be revolted at what is being done to it.

- Their simulations are impressive, but they still pale in comparison to the real experience. I applaud their efforts all the same.

- Winterhawk

This is the kind of story that Orunmila seems to tell best: the struggle to preserve the purity of the astral world in the face of the constant damage that the modern world is doing to it. They show beautiful and enigmatic magical creatures, displaced, dead, or diseased from the damage done to their mystical habitats. They show spirits that were once peaceful avatars of their environment turned twisted, bitter, and hateful from the pollutants dumped in their habitats. They show the native people with a long history and connection to the land they live in, fighting to save it from the encroaching predators of the corporations.

- Starting to lay it on a little thick, isn’t she?

- Clockwork

- You have no idea. I was on a trip to gather magical components in Brazil and fell in with an isolated tribe living in the jungle there. They had a sense and connection to the mana around them like no other people I have encountered. They helped me gather the materials I needed over a couple of weeks. Manadyne has always had their greedy eyes on that land, wanting to get in there and harvest telesma for themselves, but local laws
