---
id: NF-0283
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Bull'
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Bull

Despite the best efforts of security specialists to lock down their news content or to correct Annotated’s “vandalism,” the hackers have managed to stay one step, if not two or three, ahead of them. Content is “re-corrected” almost as fast as the new stations can bring in a fresh copy. News agencies have tried cross-posting, distributing content, encrypting, and a whole bunch of other hacker shit that I don’t understand, but nothing seems to slowthese punks down. If anything, every bit of resistance put up by the corps just drives them harder.

- You’re damn right. It’s pure entertainment watching these guys run circles around the muddle-headed spiders the news agencies use. One time, the corps knew they were going to try to alter this big news headline so they put out an early bait story to try to draw the hackers into a trap. Of course, they saw it three grids away and turned the trap back on them. Annotated hackers altered the bait file all right, but they knew that the spiders were going to counter by uploading the **real** story from this protected archive. So they waited until the spiders hooked up the archive to the grid and before the slugs could even finish loading the file, Annotated had altered the copy in the archive even **worse** than the original. The spiders blasted out the “fixed” copy all over the grids, and it was too late to take back. Fucking brilliant.

- Glitch

- I know for a fact that they—some of them anyways—use sprites to alter some of the stories. I’ve seen them zipping about the news grids making file alterations.

- Netcat

- That does explain some things. I ‘ve noticed a unique Resonance signature on many of the files that they alter. There must be some very talented technomancers in that group.

- Puck

I would be extremely negligent, though, if I didn’t mention the most famous intrusion of Annotated to date: the time they interrupted a live broadcast and altered it _in real time_ . As I’ve said before, I don’t know a whole lot about the hacker shit, but I do know that Confederate Studios was doing live coverage of the confrontation between security troops for Falcon Development Corp in Atlanta and some protesters that they were about to evict. The story from _their_ side was that the “lowlifes” in the tenement were way behind on their rent, along with serious issues with the building that they couldn’t fix because maintenance personnel had been “harassed” when they came to work. Well, just as the broadcast was about to show how saintly Falcon Development Corp had behaved, this _other_ signal jumped in and took over. This tech throwback kind of avatar came on and gave the protesters’ side of the story. It showed how Falcon corp employees were harassing and beating people, and secret camera footage showed them purposefully damaging equipment and making it look like vandalism. All of it plain as the shit under your nose. Well, Falcon was seriously pissed off at Confederate Studios, who worked their hoops off trying to do damage control, but public opinion was too far against them by that point. The normally dickless government stepped in and pulled the license from Falcon, handing management of the residences over to a non-profit.

- Fragging amazing. They were able to nab that satellite signal right at the source and change it on the fly. These guys deserve a fucking medal.

- Kay St. Irregular

- Yeah, it was trippy glitchy, but couldn’t they have used a more high-tech avatar? That guy looked so low tech, he kept glitching and st-st-stuttering on his words. If they are such hot hackers, couldn’t they have used better software?

- /dev/grrl

- Kids these days! That wasn’t bad software, that was a brilliant throwback. Go do some searching on the very first “virtual TV host” created in the 1980s. His name was Max Headroom.

- Bull

- Gotta respect those who respect the classics.

- /dev/grl
