---
id: NF-0164
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Ork and Mindy (ABS)
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ork and Mindy (ABS)

Mindy needed a citizenship endorsement to keep her job in San Francisco and not have to return to Tír Tairngire. Grumsh was looking for a wife who could show him the finer things in life. An agency put them together, sight unseen. Now Mindy must try to maintain her old life and learn to live with her new ork family. Grumsh continues his life as a trash collector and tries to get his parents and eight siblings to get along with his new elven bride. Can they find true love? Can Grumsh learn the manners of high society? Can Mindylearn to love her ork-in-laws? Find out, Tuesdays this fall!

- Ahhh, orksploitation at its best.

- Bull

- At least they are getting some orks on trid.

- Clockwork

- Ugh, at what cost? Do we have to put up with this for another few decades before the corp folks finally open their hearts and minds a little?

- Ms. Myth

- Hey, if you think the show is bad, imagine what the dubs of this for the Japanese megas will be like.

- Slamm-0!

- Non-existent.

footage aside from the eye-rolling love triangle within the Swiss Team. Given the coverage so far, the final conflict will likely come down to known arctic colossuses Aztechnology and the CAS.

In the end, _Polar Wars_ is a poor man’s _Desert Wars_ and makes little attempt to argue otherwise. Taken for what it is, it’s a passable way to watch some mayhem, but those with limited time should spend it with higher quality trid.

- C’mon, that drek is wizzer! Watching that French chick scream for like two minutes while her leg was pinned and the Swiss were advancing on her? Worth every cred I spent to pirate this.

- **>** Clockwork

- About half those teams are criminals, even a few shadowrunners. If anyone knows Two Fists Bleeding, he’s on the Athabaskan team.

- Ma’Fan

- Bull

- I knew I recognized that mug!
