---
id: NF-0273
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Figureheads
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Figureheads

The other major aspect of SpinGlobal’s media strategy that I have observed is the development of, for lack of a better term, “personality cults.” Within a particular region, demographic, or audience group, they create and elevate/venerate a single individual who will be used to push the brand and message that they want communicated. This individual becomes the “face” that people connect with, identify with, and want to emulate. Products they endorse are the new hot item to get, and where they go and what they do becomes the place to be and the thing to do. More to the point for us media types, they spout the messages and information that the corporation wants people to believe. This has been incredibly effective for them, since through the marketing and promotion, people develop a self-identity of admiring or emulating the personality, so when they say that this new SpinGlobal facility is good for the people and economy (just ignore the natives we violently displaced to get the land), or that story about unsafe and harmful products is bullshit (just ignore the horrific injury reports), people want to believe them. So desperately, in fact, that they will argue and ignore plain facts even when they are staring them in the face. Mahava Singh, Abbaad al-Dar, and ol’ Johnny Spinrad himself are all examples of figureheads SpinGlobal uses to push their message.

- I can see how that strategy works. But doesn’t that make them highly vulnerable? A single prominent figure that a corp relies on is just asking to be extorted, extracted, or exterminated.

- **>** Jimmy No

- You’ve never had a tangle with Sandstorm Security, have you? I was doing a passive observation job when I saw an extraction attempt on Abbaad al-Dar last month. Some runners, who probably thought they were pretty hot, tried to grab him as he was moving from a building to get in a limo. Four of them grabbed him, but before they could take three steps, these hitters with black fabric covering their faces jumped out of fucking nowhere. Without a sound they shot and cut them up with fucking scimitars. Scariest shit I ever saw.

- Mika
