---
id: NF-0260
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Hack
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hack

If the heckling isn’t slowing the target down, and they’re too smart for the honeypot, the last recourse of the media maniacs is the hack. This could be of the Matrix kind targeting their gizmos, or the physical kind—like a hack to the neck with a sharp blade. As I’ve said before, I’m no decker, but I’ve known colleagues who have been hacked when they become too much of an inconvenience for the news corps. The results can range from getting all their research destroyed, to their equipment being burned out, to having some embarrassing private secret thrown on the Matrix, to having their brain fried next time they jack in. When you piss them off and threaten their carefully crafted reality, the corps do not fuck around. Fortunately, I have the right friends who have taught me how to keep my shit safe.

- But that’s just being an idiot. If you know someone is gunning for your deck, then you lay the fuck low for a while. Go find a safehouse and get off the grid for a while rather than sticking your neck out!

- Clockwork

- If every dissenting voice ran and hid when the corporations threatened violence, then there wouldn’t be anyone left to oppose them. Plus, we’re not talking about experienced shadow operatives here—many of these are just regular people with a brain and conscience.

- Sunshine

- Spiders track people by trying to establish patterns, so inconsistency is the key to staying ahead. Jack in and post from different places, at different times. This doesn’t mean just doing a crawl of your favorite hacker hangouts, either. Sometimes hack a legit entry point, and other times come in from a shadow grid. Hell, befriend a techno and have them compile a sprite to deliver your paydata. If you can keep them guessing, you can keep hidden.

- **>** Netcat

- Turning the attack back on them can also give you some space. I’ve never liked to stay on the defensive. Plant your own honeypots with stories that look like yours but laced with a data bomb or virus. Spoof signatures of a rival corp in your messages to lead them on the wrong trail. Keep them chasing their tail.

- **>** Puck

- I’d hack their own news feed server and stick the stories right in there. They’ll be more confused if the source leads back to them right?

- **>** /dev/grrl


war—hell, if you just want to know that the war is going on—then you should know who is on the opposing side of things. These are the mega-networks, the ones trying to shape reality by shaping the perceptions—the very thoughts—of the entire public. Unless, of course, someone stops them, but I’ll go into that more later. All of them claim to be the biggest, or have the most views, or have the most hours of content, or some other metric, so here they are in no particular order.
