---
id: NF-0293
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: '> Thorn'
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Thorn

Now, the flip side of the magician coin is also true, though. Plenty of different sports (even, or especially, those that have rules against mojo) also use magicians of various stripes in order to enforce the rules, oversee events, and check for cheating. Magicians in the astral can handily keep up with any sort of race (and watch out for spirit interference), astral perception is as solid as a scannerat picking up banned cyberware, and, push comes to shove, a talented magician has plenty of tricks to shut down an out-of-control athlete or keep a crashing car from endangering a crowd.

- There was some heart-stopping footage of a near-tragedy at the Circuito Urbano Bilbao, a few years ago. A racer had a blow-out, rolled, and almost went right over the barriers and into the— wait, did you say “live **studio** audiences”?

- Turbo Bunny

- One of the biggest black marks on the reputation of Gladio, the adept-promoting athlete union, came when Beatrice “Big Dawg” Delverson, a dwarven physical adept of no small ability, got hopped up on combat drugs during a mixed-martial-arts bout. A trainer applied a slap patch between rounds to give her an edge, and she just went straight loco the next time her opponent tagged her. Big Dawg was working pretty hard on wrenching her opponent’s arm off—not out of the socket, but **off** —and she’d shrugged off the referee’s taser. Finally, a nearby Awakened league official locked her in place with a Control Actions spell, and put a stop to it.

- Thorn

- I remember that match. She tore up “Pole Axe” Patrowski, in ’65 or ’66, right? Patrowski ended up on the Predators, Ares’ urban brawl team, for a season. Her new arm was pretty wiz.

- **>** Hard Exit

- I can vouch for magicians and their dumb spells stopping crashing cars from hitting live studio audiences, for sure.

- **>** Kane
