---
id: NF-0205
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: WHERE ARE THEY NOW? - Wynona Flying-Horse
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## WHERE ARE THEY NOW?

## **Wynona Flying-Horse**

After her sex tape scandal following SURGE during the passing of Haley’s Comet, Wynona spiraled into tabloid antics for a few years, from rumored BTL use to shoplifting. She wisely chose to fade from public view for a while before she started popping up in cameos with old friends in the industry. Nostalgia and talent proved bigger than scandal, and Wynona’s star seems to be on the rise again, especially after her fantastic turn as Alice Haeffner in A Prophet of No Consequence.

him without warning, cutting off all support and leaving Delta with only his personal accounts, which weren’t as flush as they could have been thanks to his extravagant lifestyle choices.

- Choices like Delta’s gold-plated 2065 Saab Dynamit with a freaking jet engine attached to it. What insane fragger does that?

- Stone

- Uh, how many riggers do you know?

- Turbo Bunny

Rumors ran rampant about Delta’s parting with AGE, everything from Delta sleeping with an AGE exec’s wife to wanting to film his next production in deep space with the help of AIs. Ultimately, though, it was Delta’s excesses and diminishing returns on his projects that caught up with him, coupled with the split of Truman Distribution Network from AGE.

But you can’t keep a good artist —or whatever Delta is—down for long. In 2078, after liquidating all of his remaining assets, he founded Renegade Productions and Delta Company Studios and returned to his roots as an in-your-face documentarian and indie sim-maker. Or at least he hired enough people to do the heavy lifting for him so he could just slap his name on whatever they produced. Now at the helm of this new company, Delta is slated to be releasing three new docu-sims, and his hit trid show _Street by Street_ is gearing up for its third season.

- For those of you who may be wondering, Renegade and Delta Company aren’t exactly independent. After his departure from AGE, Gunner had nowhere near enough capital to create both companies at the same time. But if one follows the money down just the right paths, they’ll fine that Delta has a bright future on the horizon.

- Mr. Bonds
