---
id: NF-0061
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Reese Frenzy
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Reese Frenzy

Let’s keep the theme of street music and rockers-turned-runners going. Most shadowrunners find themselves rebelling against the system because it’s the only thing they are good at. Well, that, or the nuyen is good, but this fragger Reese is different. He was raised in a good home (whatever that means), did all the right drek growing up, and got his degree in medicine from some corp university. The whole time, he was also the front man for a Denver-based sprawlpunk band, Undead Robot. When the band broke up, Reese got a job at a hospital as a nurse, using his degree for something useful; and in the time he ain’t doin’ actual good at a hospital, he runs the shadows, hooding for the people.

Frenzy has a mad-on about injustice, and it comes out in his music. Somewhere deep inside him, there’s a voice telling him everything that this world says is good—isn’t. No matter what the corp news says, the corruption and oppression that started in North America with the Native people, continued with slavery, and extended to women continues today against orks, trolls, and other metahumans. Education freed this fragger’s mind, and now his guts rage to free others. He’s immune to double-talk, intolerant of passivity, and angry enough to do something.

His music, still sprawlpunk at its core, aims to change the world, take down the corps, and give people a fair chance at a free life. And when you grok his jams, it just makes the rage resonate even more to know this chumbatta is smoking what he’s selling.

- Legitimately my favorite artist. I liked Undead Robot better, but Reese is too legit to quit.

- Old Crow

- I heard they got into a fight at a show, and they both spontaneously combusted in a flash of green light.

- **>** Borderline

  - Any truth to the rumor about Undead Robot getting back together?

  - Kay St. Irregular

- Nah, nothing like that. Abilene perished in a bizarre gardening accident, and Mr. Trix drowned in vomit.

- Bifrost

- The vomit wasn’t his, though.

  - Kay? You surprise me! I didn’t know you were a fan. And to answer the question, I’ve heard the rumors, too, but I hate to get my hopes up.

  - Old Crow

- Plan 9
