---
id: NF-0037
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Cross
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cross

Jean-Marie Cross has managed to keep his hold on the A-rated Cross Entertainment and Multimedia, virtually the only CATCo asset left standing from Ares’ assault and the subsequent takeovers by competitors, and has turned it into something valuable, something that may even contain the seed for a possible return to greatness. At the time of Lucien Cross’s death, CEM was nearly as large as Ares Global Entertainment. While Ares was replacing MCT as the global leader with Aztechnology following closely behind, both through aggressive expansion and acquisition of NeoNET/ Novatech and CEM assets, CEM soldiered on. In recent years, the CAS-based corporation has retaken OTQ, losing them prestige and influence in Québec while consolidating ownership to prevent further losses. Cross’s larger dealings have masked the inroads CEM has made on the Francophone world, as well as Russian-language media. CATCo used to be one of the largest corporations in Russia, and while Zeta-ImpChem acquired almost all of CATCo’s Eurasian assets, its media assets remained inviolate. More importantly, while Cross lost its Matrix division to Ares, it still knows how to produce and distribute Matrix entertainment and content. It has worked with Horizon and smaller players like Warpdrive, Fourth World, Microdeck, and Mangadyne to earn nuyen and prestige through popular content.

While Cross continues to wage financial and legal warfare against Ares, it is making more friends than enemies by building on the corporation’s inherent Catholicism to reach out to the Vatican and regional breakaways, as well as trying to shore up the relationship with the Neo-Soviet in light of potential changes there. Bremen has kept his intelligence on those matters close to his chest, but the country and its neighbors are ripe for exploitation. There is evidence that something is coming, and Cross knows what it is.

Finally, it’s noteworthy that Reality Inc. has been investing in Cross to benefit assets like Eagle and Lone Star as well as other assets such as TTK and Peat-Marwick-Thorne-Mabasu, the latter being financial and professional services corporations seeking to increase their visibility in economic and financial news and information.
