---
id: NF-0313
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Hockey
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hockey

**The Bonuses:** Nigh-unlimited cyberware/bioware. Magic forbidden. Metatype restrictions (trolls only allowed in ice hockey).

**The Basics:** Hockey’s two popular varieties both feature five skaters and one goalie per team, each of them with a flat stick they use to swat a puck towards the opposing team’s net (where the opposing team’s goalie hangs out, ready, willing, and able to bodily chuck themselves between the oncoming puck and their goal).

The difference is that ice hockey happens on ice (and ice skates), while speed hockey happens in thelove-child of a skate park and a courtball court (with inline skates or, sometimes, skimmer feet). Do you want to get your ass kicked in the cold or in a hole in the ground? Do you want a straight-up wall to shoulder check the other team into, or do you want sloped walls and half-pipes to skate past them and stunt on?

Universal between both varieties are heavy helmets, pads, and fists. There are nominal penalties for crashing, bashing, and fist-fighting, but realistically the penalty box is an absolutely normal part of the game, and some top teams openly employ players known for their ability to take a shot with their fist much better than they could ever take a shot with a puck.

- Hockey matches aren’t nearly the bloodsports some of these other games get, though. There’s a gentleman’s agreement to keep the sport from getting downright lethal, with old rules about not lashing out with skates, not using sticks as weapons, etc. A knuckle sandwich is one thing; anything more lethal than that is still frowned upon on the ice.

- Kay St. Irregular

- Yeah. :(

- **>** Kane

**The Buzz:** There was an effort about five years ago to shuffle together the three-dimensional sporting of speed hockey with the more traditional accoutrements of ice hockey, but after two failed leagues from two different corporate-conglomerate sponsors, they gave it up for dead. Rumors persist that a “really cold parkour-puck awesomeness” league will get going, but so far fans just haven’t shown interest. There’s a firm core of hockey fans who are invested in the way the game’s “always” been played, and so far it looks like assorted leagues would rather keep catering to them than risk a baseball-esque rift (or series of rifts).

Metahuman rights groups occasionally grouch at hockey leagues, mostly after the troll ban in speed hockey. Carlos “Cwik Shot” Cruz, a free-runner turned ice-hockey phenom, recently shared a few trid-clips of him stunting around on inline skates, sparking a fresh wave of protests and petitions, but time will tell if the league ever lifts the ban.
