---
id: NF-0226
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: The Indies
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Indies

Largely a misnomer at this point, over twothirds of the “independents” are corp-networks and channels that have no seat on the ITCC board and thus are not part of the majors. This



**==> picture [17 x 127] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: NO FUTURE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

include European media giant DeMeKo, as well as Aztechnology’s North American Televisa channels, the rest of Ares Entertainment North America, the Christian media juggernaut United Christian Broadcasting System and the Catholic network Providence, Horizon’s Truman Distribution Network or Hard Ball Sports Network. Also it includes all the small sub-subsidiaries of corporate media arms that focuses on small genres. Here you can find channels on carpentry, cooking, NASCAR, interactive lucha-romances, whatever. If there are people who’re willing to pay, they’ll find a way to feed you a channel tailored to your passion. A few true indies exist, usually in small media markets or in areas, like the NAN, that are strongly opposed to the Business Rights Accords, but economic pressures being what they are, they’re an endangered species.

- And some aren’t even as free as they look. The Simmons Group operates out of Oklahoma and has bought dozens of small conservative channels across the CAS, PCC, Sioux, and UCAS. These are super-local broadcasters that reach maybe ten thousand people each but are also the only over-the-air broadcasts in the area. Simmons gets to be the only voice that they hear, and these small rural areas get outsized representation in elections, giving them influence. Thus far, Simmons has focused

more on the gathering than the use, but no one knows when that’ll change. **>** Sunshine
