---
id: NF-0381
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: "Chapter 1 - \u201CI told you this would be easy.\u201D"
page: 170
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chapter 1

## “I told you this would be easy.”

It was practically a law that those words were guaranteed to be a curse, bringing down all the misfortune possible, and then some. Keandra regretted them the moment they passed her lips.

As if reading her mind, E-jekt snapped his attention to her rather than the AR display in the air between them. She shrugged in response. He returned to hacking the alarm system for the next room with an exaggerated sigh and mumbling, no doubt directed at her. If not for their current activities, he looked like a stereotypical old ork sitting on his porch, scratching at his frizzy white beard, and complaining about the kids. She could almost hear him screaming for her to get off his lawn and claiming to have clothes older than she was. Judging by the state of his tattered jacket, that might have been a true statement.

Keandra looked down the hall, trying to catch any sign of the rest of their team. The white-tiled floor and brightly painted walls reflected the little light available to let her see all the way to the elevators. The hall was empty, which was both a good and a bad sign.

The good news was the guard on patrol was nowhere in sight. If he did come around the corner, at least Keandra would be able to see him anywhere in the hall. All she had to use on him was the Beretta tucked under her arm. If she turned out to be the muscle for the group, it meant something had gone horribly wrong.

The bad news was that Lance and Paz hadn’t finished their rounds and were possibly in trouble. This floor of the tower was small, and shouldn’t take more than ten minutes to do a sweep. Keandra glanced down at the display mounted on the inside of her wrist and winced. They’d been gone for almost twelve.

Closing her eyes, she strained to listen for any sound of the other runners. She heard the steady

**==> picture [235 x 363] intentionally omitted \<==**

rattling hum of the HVAC system in the background and E-jekt’s ever-present wheeze; the ork really was getting on in years. But she couldn’t hear anything to indicate her teammates were nearby.

When she opened her eyes, Keandra jumped and put a hand against the wall behind her as her breath caught. Lance stood at the intersection only a few meters away, flashing a smile that would be menacing if she didn’t know him better. He looked like a shadow, sleek and covered in black except for his shaved head. With his dark skin, he looked like he could be part of the shadows themselves if he closed his lips. Not



for the first time, Keandra was glad he was on their side.

His sword was tucked into its scabbard under his long coat, so he hadn’t found any trouble. Keandra knew that if he’d run into any, he’d still be armed. Despite their history, he continued to impress her with his stealth. Even watching him strut toward her, she couldn’t hear his footfalls.

Paz was another story altogether. Keandra heard the sturdy dwarf long before she turned the corner. Then again, when you were a walking tank with short metal legs and one unskinned cyberarm, that was to be expected. She looked to be more machine than dwarf. Even the tight braids of her short hair added to her android impersonation, looking like thick, dark wires coming out of her head.

Unlike Lance, she had her assault rifle out and ready, moving with military precision as she swung into view, her gun barrel leading the turn. When she saw the rest of the team at the end of the hall, she pointed her gun at the ceiling and marched toward them.

“All’s clear on the east side of the tower. Looks like everyone cleared out for the day. How’s the west side, Meat-sack?”

“Dark and empty, like your soul.” Lance said the words with a grin that reached his eyes as he gave Paz a deferential nod.

“Somebody must’ve messed with his brain. We both know I don’t got a soul.”

Lance was quick to continue the verbal sparring. “I thought it was a heart you didn’t have. Didn’t you have that replaced with a mechanical pump last year?”

E-jekt let out a low growl, a cue to Keandra that the banter was distracting. He wasn’t dropping into the Matrix completely, so he was still aware of his surroundings. She hushed the other two and they immediately quieted. Paz spun around to watch the elevators, her gun lowered and ready to react at the slightest movement. Lance slid across the floor, moving like a whisper as he took up a position behind E-jekt, ready to burst through the door if need be.

Several seconds of tense silence followed that strained against Keandra’s optimism. The security here should not be taking this long for E-jekt to dismantle. Perhaps he was getting slow in his old age; it wouldn’t be surprising. But there was no one she would rather run with. They’d been together since her first run, over twenty years ago. She glanced at him and opened her mouth to say something, but shut it before any words passed her lips. Anything she said would just

add stress and make him take even longer. Besides, when it came down to it, E-jekt was one of the best hackers she’d ever met.

E-jekt closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. He waved at the door with one hand, gesturing that they should go through. Lance opened the door, his leather jacket creaking as he slid past the narrow gap. Keandra waited, counting in her head until she reached twenty. Then she opened the door all the way and stepped into the room beyond. E-jekt crept in behind her, closing the door and leaving only a small crack visible to the hallway beyond. Paz kept a lookout for them and make sure their exit route was clear. Everything was going exactly as planned.

The room was a private office, with various fine art pieces decorating its walls and corners. Just one of those statues or portraits could likely fetch over twenty thousand nuyen to the right buyer. Keandra couldn’t tell for sure, but she’d bet the glass decanters on the small table next to the desk were filled with real alcohol – and top-shelf stuff at that. She was tempted to open one, wafting the top to get a subtle taste of the rare beverage, but she tore her attention away. That was not their target, and above all else she was a professional. Besides, she had a bottle of her own at home. With what this job was paying them, she’d be able to afford another two or three.

Lance walked around the edge of the room, lifting the corners of the portraits away from the wall with a gloved hand to peer behind them. Three quarters of the way around, he stopped and waved the other two over. As they reached him, he lifted the nearest painting from its hook to reveal a safe embedded in the wall.

“I’ll never understand the obsession with being old-fashioned and hiding your valuables behind pieces of art,” he said. “It’s such a trite custom, usually observed by those with far more wealth than sense. Still, at least it makes our jobs that much easier.”

Keandra pressed her lips into a thin line and glared at her verbose companion. Now was not the time for foolish witticisms. When he saw her stare, Lance offered a slight bow before moving out of the way, carrying the painting with him. He rested it against the wall, tilting his head to study the abstract shapes from a different perspective. It made the tattoo on the back of his head look comical as the angry dragon’s gaze tilted to the side.

E-jekt fiddled with the keypad of the safe, alSHADOWRUN: THEternating between it and his AR interface before giving her the thumbs-up to let her know he had it under control. Keandra turned away from him and investigated the rest of the room while she waited. The desk had a full holographic display, but she didn’t dare turn it on. She kept her distance just in case it was motion-activated. There was no telling what kind of security measures might be layered on top of it. Just turning it on could alert the corporate executive who worked here.

She wandered over to the one wall completely bare of any hangings. As she got closer, she noticed it wasn’t a normal wall at all, but a large projection screen, probably meant to display an outdoor scene. Having a large window would be a liability, but you couldn’t deny the successful businessman his window office. That had been a symbol of power ever since offices existed, and Keandra knew that these white-collars valued their displays of power more than any tangible success. She’d certainly seen enough of them in her time, and knew how to use them to her advantage.

“Problem.”

Paz’s voice snapped Lance and Keandra to attention, both of them turning toward the door to the hallway. Lance sprinted across the carpeted floor, but the sound of heavy gunfire erupted before he was even halfway across the room. Keandra saw staccato flashes of light through the small crack in the doorway. Above the noise she heard a distinct deep thrum followed by a brief clatter.

Paz burst through the door and slammed it shut behind her just as an explosion shook Keandra’s knees.

“We’ve got company.”

Several people shouted in the hallway, too jumbled and distorted for Keandra to make out what they were saying, but it was clear they didn’t have much time. Lance took up a position behind the door as Paz stood near the edge, gun pointed at the opening. She gave a nod and Lance slid the door open enough for Paz to fire a burst down the hall. She and Lance moved in unison: she stopped firing and pinned her back to the wall as Lance slammed the door shut with his foot. The return fire ripped into the metal door and echoed in the office like heavy rain on a tin roof.

Keandra rushed over to E-jekt, trying to see how he was coming with the safe. Sweat streamed down his face, following the heavy wrinkles etched into his skin. His hands shook

as he worked with his sprites. There was no way for her to tell how far along he was.

“E-jekt, we need it open ten minutes ago.”

For a moment, she wondered if he heard her, or more accurately, if it registered. He paused to take a deep breath, and then his entire body went slack. Now, more than ever, he needed to be protected. Keandra crouched in front of him, shielding him with her body. There was nothing else she could use as portable cover. The desk was the only thing that looked like it might stop a bullet, and it was far too heavy for her to move.

Across the room, Paz and Lance continued to work together to fill the hall outside with a deadly rain of bullets and explosives. A few of the return shots made it through and bit into Paz’s armor. More than once, a bullet sparked off her arm or leg before ricocheting and embedding itself in one of the walls. If it affected Paz at all, she didn’t show it.

Time was critical. Reinforcements would be on their way soon, if they weren’t already. And those would be the heavy troops, maybe even Knight Errant. They needed to get out, even if it meant abandoning the mission. Keandra whipped around, grabbing E-jekt’s shoulder and getting ready to force him back to the physical world if need be. Just then the safe whirred as gears turned inside and the door swung open. Keandra stood and flung the door open the rest of the way, reaching inside and dumping most of the contents on the floor. At this point, secrecy was pointless

In the back of the safe was their objective, some type of BTL chip in a glass case. She snatched it up and held it to the light from her commlink, verifying the part number etched into the main processing chip. Their intel had proven valuable—this was the one they were looking for.

Shoving it into one of the pockets of her coat, Keandra grabbed E-jekt by the arm and dragged him up. “Target acquired. We need an exit route, now.”

Paz dumped the magazine from her assault rifle and slammed a fresh one into place. She also loaded a couple of grenades. “Next burst, Lance take point. I’ll keep ’em pinned down. My hallway, second office on the right. Taking the express.”

E-jekt’s arm tensed in Keandra’s grip before he jerked it away. Keandra knew he wouldn’t be happy with the plan, but it was better than trying to fight their way through the entire security team and their reinforcements. Besides, it



was Paz’s call. When things went south, she was the one who got them out in one piece.

When there was a brief lull in the clatter of bullets against the door, Lance jerked it open and Paz fired into the smoky hallway. This time, instead of slamming the door shut, Lance ducked low and slipped through the opening, skirting to the far wall as he drew his blades and tapped into his supernatural speed.

He shifted one shoulder, dodging a bullet that would have gone through his chest, and then he was in the middle of three security guards. His blade slashed the throat of the first man within reach and then he spun, driving the tip deep into the chest of the second. He dropped to the ground, yanking his blade free with the motion and taking cover as Paz burst into the hall and sprayed rounds with a beastly roar. The final guard in the advance group fell, her body ripped to shreds by the hail of bullets. The rest of the security team ducked behind the far corners and didn’t dare peek around and expose themselves.

Paz held the trigger down until the magazine was empty and she was forced to reload once again. Keandra sprinted into the hallway, steering around her dwarf companion and following Lance as he turned and made for their exit point. Her feet slipped in the blood and she stumbled forward. Rather than try to catch herself, she went with the momentum, turning her shoulder to slam it into the wall and bounce back toward the office that would get them out. Once she was out of the line of fire, she turned around to take stock of her team while Lance broke the window. A sudden rush of air breezed past her as the wind howled through the makeshift opening.

Just as he was about to turn the corner, E-jekt lurched to the side and his eyes went wide. He stretched a hand toward Keandra as he collapsed, his other hand clutched to his bleeding side. Time seemed to slow as he hit the ground, and Keandra found that she couldn’t move and her breath wouldn’t come. Then everything snapped back to normal speed so quickly it made her head spin.

Paz’s weapon roared to life once again, covering all the other noise as she laid down suppressive fire. She came into view, holding her gun in one hand as she reached down with the other to grab E-jekt’s belt. Walking backward, she half-dragged, half-carried him to the office before kicking the door shut. Keandra’s muscles listened to her brain once again and she rushed to one of the tables, sliding it across the floor in an attempt to bar the door.

“Come take the old man, Beanpole. Don’t get squished on the way down.”

Lance didn’t respond except to bend and pick up E-jekt’s limp body. The old hacker groaned and his eyes fluttered. He was alive, but how long he stayed that way was heavily dependent on them getting off corporate property in a hurry. Lance cinched a strap around his and E-jekt’s waists, connecting the two of them. He hobbled over to the window, looking like some strange bi-meta conjoined twin, while the two women braced the table against the solid thudding of a portable battering ram. Lance fell out of the window, and Keandra hoped he’d been able to get enough distance from the tower.

“You next. I got this.” Paz’s legs and arms let out soft _whirr_ s as they locked into place.

The wood door splintered, making Keandra flinch as she stood up, ready to follow Paz’s order. She sprinted to the hole in the window and dove through, spreading her arms out to slow her fall as much as possible so she could get her bearings. Below her and almost half a block away was Lance; he had already deployed his chute and looked to be close to touching down. Keandra angled herself in that direction and pressed her arms against her body, plummeting through the sky and gaining speed and distance. If she knew Paz, there would be a significant surprise left behind for those who finally broke down the door.

Sure enough, a loud explosion went off behind her, followed by the sound of splintering glass. She was far enough away that she didn’t feel the heat or shockwave of the blast, so she pulled the cord to deploy her chute. She came down hard, rolling as soon as she hit the pavement to keep from breaking an ankle or a leg.

A few people on the street ran away as Keandra and her team dropped into their midst. The explosion had gathered a bit of a crowd, but none of them would want to be around when the authorities showed up. Or else they didn’t want to be caught in the crossfire. Either way, the street was soon deserted except for her and Lance cutting himself free from the tangled mess of his chute. Already she heard DocWagon’s sirens; E-jekt would be in good hands soon. It cost a fortune, but it was well worth it.

With the _thud_ behind her that she felt as much as heard, Keandra knew that Paz landed safely. The pavement cracked from the force of the dwarf’s impact, but she didn’t seem to care. She sprinted to the van, already using her connection to bring it online and get the engine started. KeSHADOWRUN: THEandra hurried to the other two members of her team.

She took E-jekt from Lance and laid him gently at the edge of the street while Lance collected and coiled up their chutes. They were generic, but any proof left behind could lead back to them in ways they never even considered. They left nothing to chance.

E-jekt’s breathing was steady, but his eyes were still unfocused. One hand was still pressed tight to the wound in his side. It looked like the bleeding had slowed, but Keandra could still see a small trickle and smell the copper odor hanging heavily in the air.

E-jekt squeezed Keandra’s shoulder with his other hand; its lack of strength concerned her. “Easy, huh? We’re getting too old for this.”

“I know, friend. Take it easy. DocWagon’s almost here.”

The lights of the emergency vehicle reflected off the buildings across the street. Tires squealed as the medivac took a sharp corner. Keandra gave E-jekt’s hand a final tight squeeze before resting it against his chest.

“We’ll meet you at the safehouse. They’ll have you patched up in no time.”

He smiled and Keandra turned away, rushing to the van. Lance had already collected their gear and loaded it into the back. He stood in the large opening on the side, ready to slam the door shut as soon as she was inside. Keandra vaulted the small step and rolled in the tangle of chutes as Paz took off. Lance closed the door, and for a few moments, Keandra allowed herself to rest in the darkness, her eyes closed, taking deep breaths. When she felt her heart slow its erratic rate, she crawled out of the fabric and up to the passenger’s seat.

By now, Paz drove through the streets of Seattle with deliberation. They were far enough away from the towers that normal traffic had resumed and they could blend in with the regular Friday night commuters. Keandra pulled down the visor and began cleaning her face and fixing her appearance. They weren’t scheduled to meet with the Johnson for hours, but it was still best that she was prepared. They had a reputation to maintain, and even a casual glance from a passing vehicle could ruin that for them. If anyone might be able to recognize her, she needed to look presentable and professional.

Once she was satisfied, Keandra checked on E-jekt’s commlink. It was turned on and pinging from Group Health Central Hospital. She let out another deep sigh and collapsed into her seat,

sinking in as much as the stiff leather would allow. “He’s at the hospital, still in one piece.”

“You know, I bitch whenever that bill comes up, but I gotta hand it to those DocWagon suits. They got some damn good drivers and are worth every nuyen. Glad the old man’s gonna be fine. Sticking with the original plan?” Paz glanced at Keandra out of the side of her periphery without turning her head.

“Yes. I can’t meet our Johnson smelling like gunpowder and blood, so I need a change of clothes. There’s only so much I can do from here.”

“He’s gonna be pissed that every suit and his brother’s gonna hear about what we did tonight. Didn’t he say he wanted it quiet?”

“You let me handle that.”

From the back of the van, Lance chuckled just loud enough to be heard.
