---
id: NF-0051
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: 'The New Sound - Posted by: Red'
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The New Sound

## Posted by: Red

It’s safe to assume the folks of the 1720s never predicted dubstep or synthwave or rock and roll or any of a thousand new sounds that have been called “music” in the past. Yeah, Mozart probably could have rocked a synthlink and all that, but the fact is, genre is an evolving force. It reflects the pioneering of new sounds and notions, and the societies and psyches that make them up. If you think hymnals or jazz or blues or punk just sprang out of the ether without any prompting from social pressures, you’re kidding yourself.

When I was a kid (admittedly, way before any of you were), there was a lot of new sound coming out. I always came to it late, but at least I had the benefit of seeing it in retrospect to better understand it. Miss the wave, but study the carnage, right? Back then, genres shifted by the year. Now,

BLITZKRIEGwe live in an age of unprecedented information sharing. Societies and opinions form and break up, all influenced by countless external factors. Corporate cultures, ethnic backgrounds, violence and peace and transhuman metamorphosis and the infinite possibilities of both the astral and the digital combine in ways that make expression more variable than ever before. A new genre every year? Try every month. Sometimes moment to moment, in the right corners of the ’trix.

Now, it would take far, far more time than you’re willing to give me to even begin to explain all the new trends in music, and I’m hardly a professional. It would take even longer to get into the sociological influences that brought them about. And if you really want that info, there’s data screeds out there that dwarf JackPoint to research and debate it. For now, here’s a little sampler of some of the stuff that has ended up on playlists lately.
