---
id: NF-0305
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Courtball
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Courtball

**The Bonuses:** Unlimited augmentation. Limited magic (adepts only, spellcasting and spirits forbidden).

**The Basics:** Take a sunken rectangular stone court, wrap it in high walls, and put a single ring (about the size of a basketball hoop) on just one wall. Toss in two teams of three players each. Give ’em absolutely no armor (and, in fact, barely any clothes), give them one ball to fight over, and give them access to any single-handed melee weapon they want (implants included). Take away any other rules except “shoot the ball through the ring.”

So, yeah. That’s basically it. A half-dozen dudes with swords get dropped in a hole, nominally to fight over a ball and a hoop, but mostly just to fight.

Oh, but wait, it’s worse/better (depending on your perspective), because there’s also piles of regional and even ethnic pride on the line to constantly egg athletes on to greater highs and deeper lows. Courtball’s always been Aztlan’s turf, but they’ve let in just enough northern teams to drum up interest all across the continent and maintain rivalries and bloodlust. The media’s been eating it up, and casualty rates have been climbing, nodoubt due to encouragement from on high and this feud mentality.

- Courtball players are basically all crazy, forced to play, or both. The game’s a blight, and it’s spreading.

- Mika

- When push comes to shove, plenty of sports are just as bloody. Courtball’s just honest about it.

- Marcos

- Yeah, and if nothing else, at least the numbers are pretty low. Urban brawl fields larger teams, with fully automatic weapons. Squads of three with knives is pretty tame by comparison.

- Slamm-0!

- It’s the lack of protection and the personal nature of a blade that causes it, I think. There’s something impersonally clean about shooting someone wearing body armor, with a gun, at a polite distance. In urban brawl, maybe there’s a splash of blood or the like, but mostly the drones show a downed brawler’s armor flashing surrender-yellow, a medico running up, and then gameplay continues as the cam-drones follow the ball down the street. Hell, we just call it “gunplay” and move on, aye? In courtball, you see six fellas in just loincloths go at it with knives and axes, up close and personal. Not many tridshows glorify that level of hands-on bloodshed, and there’s no way to make it look clean or civilized.

- Thorn

- Or maybe the reason I’m not a fan of courtball’s neither your business nor your affair. Don’t play amateur analyst with me, Irish.
