---
id: NF-0303
source: No Future 6E
chapter: General
topic: Combat Biker
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Combat Biker

**The Bonuses:** Unlimited augmentation. Limited magic (adepts only, spellcasting and spirits forbidden).

**The Basics:** Throw two go-gangs into an arena field 150 meters long and fifty meters wide, carved into lanes and with a skyway right across the top-center of it. Put a two-meter goal on either end, and reward each team with points for putting a drone-mounted flag into the other side’s goal. Give ’em a ton of not-quite-totally-lethal weapons, all the combat-specced motorcycles corporate money can buy, and get out of their way. Voila.

- Those motorcycles can run the gamut, too. You’ll see some stripped-down machines that look like the lovechild of a café racer and a stunt bike, that linebikers practically **dance** on, and you’ll see some up-armored Scorpions and Blitzens that could make a Citymaster blush.

- Turbo Bunny

Four linebikers per side get maces and riot guns full of gel rounds, along with their pick of supplementary melee weapons (like a whip or a net). Four lancebikers get maces, riot guns, and two-meter-long lances (which they’ll use to clothesline a chummer if they want to, or spearing them like a chromed-up knight; neither is pleasant). One thunderbiker gets a cycle-mounted launcher and all the concussion grenades he wants (and a mace, but frag, who needs it?). The goalie doesn’t get a bike, but he gets a full-auto riot gun, a mace, and a big fraggin’ stick instead.

_All of them_ get to be whatever meta they want, get to be cybered to the gills, or get to be an adept. It’s a glorious mess, chummers.

- The adept bit has made for some great watching. While plenty of teams have fielded various modifications on vehicle control rigs over the years, there’s just a different look and feel to someone
