---
id: PP-0167
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Dawkins Group
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Dawkins Group

- Not sure I’m buying it. With that kind of secret support, how is Horizon not bigger?

- Hard Exit

- You know, as a private corp, they only have to report assets to the Corp Court for rating and rank. Who’s to say they don’t doctor the number? It would keep some targets off their back.

- Orbital DK

- They also splurge on a ton of non-profitable stuff to keep up their image.

- Dr. Spin

- Who’s to say it’s not profitable? We don’t get public reports.

- **>** Sunshine

Thanks to the work CA, and thus Horizon, did for Ares, the Consensus got a good look at the strange relationship between the megacorp and the bugs. The public may have been caught unawares, but the program was not. Seeing the bugs for what they were and what they were capable of, the Consensus made deals with several small hives across the NAN. I know this all sounds like paranoid drek, so I’ll need to offer up the proof or at least point out where you can find it. Take a look at, or dig before you take a job against, Peaceful Solitude spas. They’re billed as “relaxing meditation environments intended for extended stays to realign your energies after the corruptions of the hyper urban life.” The truth is that these spas are quiet and relaxing places with sinister undersides, as arrangements made between the Consensus and the powers behind each hive trade less-than-stellar citizens for a few exemplary “workers” who are soon transferred to new sites as they rise up the HIP ladder by suddenly becoming amazing team players. Some of the moves include new talent from other megacorps who use Peaceful Solitude without being aware of its true nature.

- Extractions to Horizon are sometimes eerily simple. I’ve seen a lot of new prospects come over with almost zero trepidation. It’s always weird, considering what corps can do to traitors.

- Stone

The success of Horizon cannot be discussed without mentioning the parts played by Ms./Mr./ Mx. Dawkins. As the nom de guerre of their operatives in the shadows and intelligence efforts around the world, the Dawkins group controls the flux and flow of shadow data and clandestine operations. The name, as everyone knows, is not connected to a specific person, but instead a general modus operandi. It’s a way to make it known that the work relates to Horizon. It also makes a great way for other corps to make it look like Horizon is involved, which works out for Horizon as well.

Why list them as top talent? Because all of the members of the real Dawkins Group are some of the best trained intelligence and counterintelligence operatives known to metahumanity. They don’t necessarily make the decisions on a course, but they make every choice when it comes to a course of action. Field decisions and plans are theirs to make after someone higher up points them in a direction.

Let’s look at an example. A team lead needs a market adjusted in Lagos. For this, a Dawkins operative hits the ground and starts pushing Igbo and Yoruba assets to make noise, while four runner teams are getting flown in and settled, along with two local teams getting dropped on scouting runs to make sure they fit skillset needs. All of it coordinated by a Dawkins operative. All just to get the ball rolling.

- Horizon doesn’t build every Dawkins operative internally. Runners get groomed for years and eventually pulled into the ranks.

- Fianchetto
