---
id: PP-0175
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: History of a Titan
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## History of a Titan

We could dig back to the days before the Awakening to find the origins of MCT, but that’s like looking back to the founding of the city of Rome to see the origins of the Roman Empire. It’s ancient history and not relevant to current events.

For the sake of offering a little snippet, MCT pretty much started as a heavy industry operation back in the day, they got in a little trouble, got entangled with the Yakuza, and then caught their footing and started stomping on the competition. They never fully separated from those Yakuza ties, but now they are a minuscule part of a megagigantic operation.

The truth is, to see the important history of modern-day MCT we need look back no further than the last two decades, where a little home field advantage and the events of the Megacorporate Audit (The Revision in the shadows) allowed MCT to jump past Saeder-Krupp for the top spot in the Big Ten and then keep on running.

To start their modern rampage, MCT made a little deal with Renraku and Shiawase, fellow Japanacorps (or as I like to write, jApAnAcorps) to maintain cordial business relationships outside of their homeland. This allowed MCT (and those allies) to limit their focus abroad to other opposition. This let MCT focus their top talent in most of the world on pilfering the datastores of every other megacorp. Between the data and the
