---
id: PP-0361
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Magical Services
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magical Services

Look, I know I sounded like I was brown-nosing when I talked about Wuxing’s arcane divisions in my last upload about them. The thing is, they actually _are_ that good. Unlike Wuxing’s consumer products division, **Ming Solutions** actually puts inthe effort to source high-quality materials like foci and reagents, and they take advantage of Wuxing’s shipping expertise to get their products to customers quickly and reliably. It’s even more important for a magician like me, who comes from a less common tradition and can’t always find gear that I can actually use, especially if I’m working outside Asia.

- You still sound like an ad.

- Puck

- As much as I’d love to say that a good talismonger can get you anything you need, especially when the alternative is lining a corp’s pockets, there’s been at least one time where Jimmy called me and asked if I carried something I’d never even heard of before. Just make sure to use a fake SIN you don’t mind having burned.

- Lyran

In addition to their storefronts, Wuxing offers the usual variety of magical services: security contracting, education, research, and so on. They’re still heavily involved in cleaning up the astral damage that Mitsuhama left behind in the Philippines, and they were working on the same kind of thing in Tsimshian until recently. That works seems to have been put on hold since Maersk and S-K expanded into the area, though. I’ve also had the misfortune of meeting paracritter handlers from **Awakened Protective Initiatives** on runs against both Wuxing and other corps around Hong Kong. If their name comes up in your legwork, don’t make the mistake of thinking they’re a run-of-the-mill arcane security company unless you want a hellhound chewing on your hoop.

- API has started taking contracts further afield, too. I ran into one of their teams in Kolkata not too long ago.

- **>** Mika

- What were you doing in Kolkata?

- Ma’fan

- You don’t really expect me to answer that, do you?

- Mika
