---
id: PP-0239
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Zenith and fall
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Zenith and fall

After the Crash began, the subsequent period of reconstruction made it look as if S-K was going to continue as the unchallenged leader of the corporate

pack. Yet it also showed the first signs of their demise. S-K scored one of their last big coups in 2072, when they “announced” on September 14 that they actually owned every property in a four-kilometer radius around the Saeder-Krupp Main Arcology in Essen. Several corporations found out that day that they actually just leased real estate they thought they owned. Shortly after this revelation, they converted their land into a complete extraterritorial zone, encompassing the whole southwestern part of the city of Essen. This approximately ninety-kilometers-square enclave (which is about half the size of the Everett district of Seattle), called **Neu-Essen** (New Essen), became the new center of the S-K world. They tore down most of the old buildings and started to rebuild this new city-within-a-city after Lofwyr’s wishes. Even today, they still build in some of the places, while more and more corporate citizens settle there.

- For those who have never been in the Ruhrplex: New Essen is the rose that grows on the pile of shit that is this industrial hellhole. The Rhine-Ruhr area is a group of interwoven cities in west Germany. It was the center of German industry, coal mining, and steel works since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. Since then the cities slowly have grown together, so that now there are living about twenty-five million people in an area of about 6,728 square kilometers. Essen is right at the center of this sprawl.

**>** Traveler Jones

Then, the **Dragon Civil War** happened and the things started to go south. In general, S-K is a corporation that put its money in various long-term projects. This always made them come back on top in the long run, but it harmed them if they needed to be agile in the short term. When Lofwyr fought and killed his brother **Alamais** , he took huge sums of money out of those long-term projects to pay for his private war. Afterward, he used additional funds to mitigate the damage the Civil War caused in Europe. In the meantime, his managers had to do all the micromanagement Lofwyr normally would. On June 26, 2074, there was a bomb attack on Ætherlink’s HQ in Hamburg, killing **Wernher Julius Davids** and his wife. 2074 was also the year when Germany elected **Anikka Beloit** to be the next chancellor. The daughter of Michel and Mina Beloit immediately cut ties with all S-K lobbyists who influenced the former administration. Overstrained and with more and more of its money gone, the corp hoped for a break to breathe, but then **CFD** hit. Overnight, all of S-K’s nanofabrication had to be shut down, citizens became head cases, and customers panicked. This resulted in a massive loss of productivity and general output of their products. This was the moment when MCT overtook S-K’s pole position as the biggest megacorp.
