---
id: PP-0169
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: "Ain\u2019t No Rest for The Wicked"
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ain’t No Rest for The Wicked

Horizon grew during the Revision. They picked up a couple of smaller corps but nothing on the scale of the other AAAs (except Ares, who had a few too many internal issues to look at massive expansion). Since the rankings settled, there are a few corps that aren’t quite ready to sit quietly with their status and have been active in negotiations to make a move up. One in particular is OmniStar. The DocWagon, Lone Star, Manadyne mega-AA isn’t ready to stop their growth. They have been meeting with Horizon, via Charisma Associates, to do some image clean-up after a few internal squabbles got a little too externally visible. Thing is, that’s all a sham. The internal squabbles were staged to make meetings with CA look like business as usual, but the word from the street is that WhiteOak is liaising for Cove Morgan, who is leading the behind-thescenes efforts to bulk up with an OmniStar merger.

- Internally, Cline seems neutral, but he’s playing some cards close to his vest and making sure he has fingers ready to point at Morgan if things go poorly.

- Sunshine

Horizon would gain some serious bulk, passing Ares and Spinrad Global. They might even pass Evo and Wuxing, but that would require them to open up some ledgers and admit their own true size and value, rather than relying on OmniStar alone to show overall corporate girth. The addition of a world-renowned security corp, the best known medicorp on the planet, and one of the top arcane research and advancement companies around to their organization would change the face of the Big Ten megacorporate table even more than the SpIn/ Sandstorm merger. And if the OmniStar branch gains access to the PR dynamos, you can guarantee a massive shift in contracts around the globe and a huge shift in image and possibly culture among all of the corps as a whole.

- Imagine the Consensus suddenly adjusting to the views coming in from OmniStar. And imagine the existing culture at a corp like Lone Star trying to adjust to the standards of Horizon. Merging the money will be a walk in the park compared to merging the mindsets.

- Dr. Spin

If the rumors are right, this hitting the public (read megacorporate) eye is going to spark a wildfire in the shadows. Money and blood are going to flow like the Amazon if the other megas feel threatened, and you know the bottom half will. Horizon could be jumping into a shadow war they aren’t really ready for. Fighting on four fronts against megacorps while also still defending their hoops from AA rivals looking to break up the deal and knock Horizon out of the AAA party is going to mean they need OmniStar to be a true ally, not just a merger partner. We’ll see in the coming year or two how this plays out.

- Recent encounters with Sea Dragon have hit Maersk with some image issues, and they’ve connected with Charisma as well. Maybe there’s merger talk there as well. Horizon is socially skilled enough to court two corps at once without issue.

- **>** Sunshine

- Imagine if Maersk and OmniStar both merged with Horizon. They all gain AAA access to the Court. Lone Star gets ahead of Knight Errant/Ares, DocWagon passes CrashCart/Evo, Maersk passes Wuxing, and Manadyne gains Horizon and Maersk as a place for their services to go. This is an amazing win for all.

- Dr. Spin

- I must admit a bit of terror at that idea, especially with the Consensus consulting and Dawkins doing intel. Yikes!

- Bull

Horizon has some clean-up to do after Detroit. They made Ares look like a beautiful red delicious apple while they were really rotting at the core. The bug situation that has come to light is making Horizon look like an accomplice to Ares’ insect experimentation, and that is not good for the PR or the PR corp. It’s especially important for them to pull back, get a handle on how to redirect things, and make sure that no one comes back looking at them. Or potentially digging up any situations where Horizon is making deals with the bugs.

Which I’ve already mentioned they are.

As this keeps playing out, Horizon is battling Ares in the shadows in order to keep the corp’s deeper communications out of the public arena because they reveal Horizon knew quite a bit about what was going on inside Ares. It was like an attorney/client privilege thing, Horizon needed to know what could pop up.

- Horizon is not going to crumble from a shadow war with Ares. In fact, Ares would be wise to just walk away before they really lose face by getting knocked down to the number-ten slot by Horizon.

- Sticks

- It’s sad how far Ares has fallen.

- Hard Exit



- You make a deal with the devils you pay the price. They deserve everything they get for not just letting the Firewatch teams burn out hive after hive. Just goes to show that corps don’t learn lessons from disasters, they just see a chance to boost the bottom line.

**>** Sticks
