---
id: PP-0266
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Saeder-Krupp Prime
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saeder-Krupp Prime

While S-K has the Agema as a commando force, they usually take a more subtle route for intelligence operations. For that, S-K maintain its own intelligence service, which is the infamous S-K Prime. It can be described as the CIA and NSA combined. It is the nerve center of all Saeder-Krupp intercorporate operations and intelligence, and it also spies on its own citizens and subsidiaries. The arsenal and staff (cybertacticians, tech wizards, data analysts, troubleshooters, augmented field agents, and so on), as well as its HUMINT and SIGINT capabilities, can put nations and other corporations to shame. Prime field agents can be found in various places, fulfilling various roles, including a few who are deep undercover. You have managers in other corporations, public officials, politicians, high-society fashionistas, members of organized crime, street worker,

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

COGSand even shadowrunners. Either one of these gather information or fulfill certain missions.

While S-K Prime has various physical offices around the world, it was always a virtual and decentralized intelligence service. They are organized into independent cells that are interlinked and report to “stations” (hardwired networks in secured facilities and safe houses) with access to the S-K Prime VPNs. There are bigger stations, or “hubs” (like the S-K Prime “North America HQ” in Atlanta, or the S-K Prime building in Manhattan), that connect the intelligence service with S-K lobbyists, lawyers, and bureaucrats, giving them privileged access to S-K Prime’s accumulated data. Other “hubs” are pure data-processing and analyzing facilities (like I used to work in). Despite this, Prime exists mostly within the Matrix. This means that it has no real physical headquarters—not even the offices in Neu-Essen are its HQ. All data S-K Prime gathers is sent directly to Lofwyr and the Corporate Oversight Office, while regional managers and other key personnel (like Hyvönnen or Vandenhoeck) also have access to at least some of the data.

S-K Prime has a dual leadership consisting of the former Corporate Court judge **Jean-Claude Priault** and the savvy technnophile **Dmitri Baichik** . While Priault deals with the more intercorporate and political missions, Baichik is in charge of the hidden networks, spysats, virtual resources, intelligence, and Matrix surveillance operations.
