---
id: PP-0139
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Metahuman Accoutrement Adjustments
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Metahuman Accoutrement Adjustments

You can gain a lot of cross-corporate cash by selling the best of meta-modified wares. Just about every product design made under the Evo umbrella is shared with MetaErgonomics for spec modification in order to fit everyone from the shortest pixie to the thickest giant and every interesting metashape in between. In a partnership with YNT, they also have a line of life-like anthroform drones and properly modified gear and clothing, which is offered for technosapients who want style on their forms when playing in the meat realm.

Their domination in this area isn’t threatened by much, but since they try to cross corporate style boundaries, they hire runners to grab a lot of early design and concepts files. Releasing too far after the original makes it look like a knock-off or stolen, but a release near the same time actually looks like cooperation. They deal with the legal repercussions on the back end through a whole different department. That is, if any other corp even bothers. The cost of legal actions, even among the Big Ten in the Corp Court, makes any remuneration more about saving face. By the time the whole thing clears, Evo can save face by kicking the bad PR for the lawsuit back in the face of their rival.

- MetaErgonomics gets hit by Humanis hired crews at least monthly, though more frequently near a big release. The jobs tend to be data-corruption heavy—mostly manufacturing flaws into armor and gear modified for trolls, orks, dwarfs, and the occasional elf. Word gets spread through the organization and disseminated to their thugs, who think they get enough of a leg up knowing where to shoot a troll to punch through his designer armor jacket. Problem is, most aren’t that good of shots, and even when they are, when was the last time you saw a troll get dropped from a single smallarms shot that wasn’t point blank in his eyeball?

- 2XL
