---
id: PP-0218
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Noriko Sakai - (Director of Renraku Oceania)
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Noriko Sakai

## (Director of Renraku Oceania)

Sakai manages to be both an outsider and insider in Renraku. In most conventional senses, she’s as insider-y as insiders get. She’s the daughter-in-law of board chair Shikei Nakatomi and director of one of the corporation’s six major geographic divisions. She oversees millions of employees and earns millions of nuyen. But she still comes to board meetings with a chip on her shoulder and an edge in her voice, as if she were challenging the status quo.

One of her major interests is not appearing like she is led by or loyal to Nakatomi. She’s too savvy to turn that into knee-jerk opposition of anything he proposes, but when she has a chance to go against him, she goes hard. She also doesn’t go alone. She wouldn’t have lasted as long as she has in the company without some strong alliances, and her chief one is Karl Stadt of Renraku Europa. Together, they are a significant thorn in Nakatomi’s side, except for the fact that they are pretty good at what they do. Sakai generates plenty of profits in her area, and she keeps Sasaki happy with a data-driven approach and innovative uses of analytics. Of interest to us is the way she has analyzed shadow activity, putting metrics on runner performance in a way no one has before. She is making her analysis more sophisticated all the time, calculating things like IV (Intimidation Value), the DeTEC (Destruction/Time Efficiency Coefficient), and of course a basic P&L analysis of each mission. On one hand, this can make jobs nice—Sakai has a clear vision of how a run should happen to make for the best P&L ratio, so there are plenty of details of what you should do and how to do it. On the downside, Sakai and her subordinates expect you to do things their way, which means any deviation from their plan, even one that seemed necessary due to evolving circumstances, needs an explanation, or you risk losing part of your payout—or worse.

- Let me be clear: Doing runs for Sakai or any of her disciples is a nightmare. We all know the importance of proper legwork and how hard it is to do right. Do you think Sakai’s people do legwork the way we would? No, they don’t. They miss important details, but they make plans anyway and hold us accountable for them. It’s terrible.

- Cayman

- Where’s your creativity? First, they know they’re expecting a high level of precision from runners, so they pay accordingly. Second, you get a chance to play a game within a game here—do it your way, but make it look like you did it theirs. It’s an extra benefit if your way is cheaper, because they pay you to do it the expensive way.

- Turbo Bunny
