---
id: PP-0029
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Laws and Enforcement
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Laws and Enforcement

Corporations set their own laws and their own enforcement. The main question is: What is guiding their decision making? Yes, profit, but they have to take other things into consideration—after all, no corporation yet has passed a law saying, “Any individual who sets foot on our property must turn over all liquid assets to us,” because while that might work once in some people, you’d get a ton of disputes, and most people would avoid your property from that time forward. So yes, corporations can literally get away with murder, but they can’t get away with it _all the time_ . For whatever comfort that brings.

If you want to look at a guiding philosophy for how corporations make laws, consider the history of loitering laws. On their face, these laws define loitering as something like “remaining in one place under circumstances that would warrant a reasonable person to be suspicious of criminal activity.” There is a lot of wiggle room in that kind of a law, and a bunch of room for personal judgment on how the law is enforced. That’s exactly what the law is designed for: giving law enforcement officers an excuse to drive off people they don’t like. Two humans chatting in the plaza in front of your corporate headquarters? Not loitering. An ork in a ripped t-shirt, or a troll in fishnets? Loitering. Someone mouthing off to security guards and then not leaving? Definitely loitering.

What we’re saying is that corporate laws do not exist to serve any larger notions of justice or fairness—they exist to allow a corporation to do what they want to do. We’re all fortunate that they want people to like them and don’t want a ton of bad publicity, otherwise the laws would be brutal. As it is, they’re merely arbitrary and capricious.

- It’s been said that if law enforcement looked at literally anyone, they could find some laws they broke. This gets even worse

when you’re moving from jurisdiction to jurisdiction in the course of your normal daily travels. Who can keep track of what laws apply where? This is why security personnel are to be avoided—no matter what you’re up to, they can find some reason to kick you out of a place or detain you if they feel like it. Don’t let them feel like it.

**>** Kat-o’-Nine-Tales
