---
id: PP-0340
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Rivals and Rebels - Lofwyr
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rivals and Rebels

## Lofwyr

Lofwyr is a hell of a rival to have. His memory is extremely long, his plays are incredibly subtle, and his ruthlessness is legendary.

This last one has come up in conversations about Spinrad. If Lofwyr hates Spinrad as much as everyone says he does and is as ruthless as people says, why is Spinrad still alive and in charge of a corporation?

The question contains its own answer: Spinrad lives because that better serves Lofwyr’s purposes. Yes, Johnny pats himself in on the back for being wily and clever, but he has never been the subject of a serious assassination attempt from Lofwyr. Plenty of nasty corporate jousting, a number of dead bodies in the shadows, but no bloodshed at the top of the food chain. The fact of the matter is that a lot of avenues of corporate growth are fostered through thisfight. Weak links in a corporation are identified and cleared out; strength is identified and can be promoted or stolen from your rival. Companies can be built up to the point where they are attractive purchases or beaten down to where they are a bargain.

And those are the sorts of victories Lofwyr and Spinrad treasure far more than a crude assault on their rival. Stealing away something that was theirs, beating them to the punch to snag something valuable, foiling one of their rivals’ complicated schemes—these are the trophies that business tycoons truly value. While the rivalry between Lofwyr and Spinrad is bitter and real, Lofwyr does not want Johnny killed or conquered—he wants him beaten, over and over, again and again.

To add fun to the rivalry, Saeder-Krupp has long been Global Sandstorm’s chief rival in Southwest Asia. Johnny figures he brought more weapons to the conflict, while Lofwyr figures he acquired more targets.

- Lofwyr has not taken Johnny out before, but for most of the time Johnny didn’t head a triple-A and control a seat on the Court. The dynamic between them has changed; that means the tactics are likely to as well.

**>** Fianchetto
