---
id: PP-0170
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Horizon Employment Guide
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Horizon Employment Guide

My street merc friends hate Horizon. They say it’s the creepy “everyone is happy” corporate attitude, but the truth is, they hate that Horizon doesn’t use their style of shadowrunner enough to keep them stocked up in sabot rounds and soybeer. Horizon prefers to hire the quiet and professional style of muscle. True bushido-following street samurai are about the gruffest types they’ll usually use and that’s only if they follow the code but still dress and act like normal street folk, not like some anachronistic street nut. In truth, Horizon prefers to hire teams with a competent frontman and a reputation for coasting through gigs on the coattails of a silver-tongued devil. If your team isn’t known for that and you think you’re getting hired by Horizon, you either aren’t (simple) or you’re an expendable distraction. Plenty of other corps want runners who favor messy over mental, but Horizon is a rare breed.

That said, they also act like a bunch of snakes in the grass. Double, triple, and quadruple crosses are not unheard of, and since they hire less-violent teams, they tend to get away with it out of the gate. If you get snaked, don’t come back all psycho, guns blazing. Play their game. They hire the socially skilled, and if you come back at them and return the favor with a good con job, you are likely to get your original payment and more contracts. Everything is a test with Horizon.

Now if you do come back all psycho-killer, you can still get paid as well, Horizon is not a big fan of murder just because they’re extraterritorial. The difference with this effort is your next move. I recommend spending the money quick on something really enjoyable while getting your street will in order. I’ve talked to members of the Smokers Club, and one of the groups they talk about with respect is the Dawkins Group. Killers know killers. You also probably won’t see it coming. It won’t be a bullet through a window or a shadowy figure in the corner of your apartment. It will look like your regular bartender at Under Construction pouring your soybeer with a smile. Then it’s over.

- Don’t feel like you’re safe if you’ve got filtering ’ware. Dawkins operatives do their homework and will find a way to work around whatever system you’re running.

- I’ve learned a lot from the Dawkins school of quiet kills. The list of ways to create accidents and health stressors is long.

- **>** Balladeer

If you do get hired to work for Horizon, the work is most likely going to fall somewhere in the realm of social engineering. At the top of that list is the classic art of digging up dirt. You get the contract and a target, and you start shaking every branch of their family tree, opening every closet for skeletons, and tracking every move they make to see if they’ve got a mistress, mister, master, side piece, hidden kid, secret life, etc. Everything they do, you track until you find that key intel that can be used to sway their stance.

Once that work is done, the name of the game is blackmail! Horizon won’t want to be directly connected (not even Dawkins), and thus another popular runner contract is acting as a blackmail handler. You get a target, the dirt, and maybe an immediate agenda, but more often it starts with a little monetary shakedown to set the game. Payouts are usually left in the runners’ hands as a bonus. It keeps the trail short and disconnected. Once the hooks are set, the contract extends until that particular asset is needed. I’ve heard of LA runner teams running up to a dozen blackmail contracts at once.

- Take care to keep the data secure and your own hoops clear of tails and trackers. Counter-ops on blackmail are sometimes slash-and-burn operations, especially if the black data is leaked, used, or discovered through a different avenue.
