---
id: PP-0294
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Board Chair Reiko Shiawase-Shimada
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Board Chair Reiko Shiawase-Shimada

Under Japanese tradition, and thus Shiawase tradition, a woman marries into her husband’s family and leaves her own behind. The Three Orchids all challenged this tradition in their own way, all of them clinging to their Shiawase name. Empress Hitomi was sidelined by the machinations of those who thought it improper for her to be tied to the corp’s activities. Mitsuko was reTOPmoved by her husband, even as she plots to possibly return. Reiko is the last Orchid standing, and she shows no hint of stepping down. The daughter of the powerful Soko Shiawase, she never had any intention of fading away in someone else’s shadow and tossed her husband to the curb as she pursued her goals. She still carries his name (awkward) but has shown no interest in being someone’s bride again; she’s sixty (but looks more like thirty due to leónization, a treatment her mother absolutely hated, yet another reason she was frozen out of her rightful inheritance), and has happily sampled the snacks available to someone of her wealth and position. Her own two children are hapless nitwits who she uses as personal servants and errand-runners. A short tryst with (the now late) Nigel Coltrane was a fun distraction, but she’s avoided anything serious since then, casting aside a dozen playthings once she grew bored of them.

Reiko hates Tadashi in in a very personal way, since he has everything that she feels was denied her: the position as head of the family, the approval of the majority of the board, and her mother’s respect. For his part, he disdains her as a secondary family member. But they need one another, and both are smart enough to put profits and the good of the corporation over their private dispute. This has oddly resulted in the corporation doing quite well as a unified force—the two are content to sneer at one another and snipe with words, not assassinations, but orchestrating operations against family members is so ingrained in them that it continues as background noise in their lives. The current situation, where Tadashi operates as the face of the corporation while Reiko controls things from the chair suits them both, and neither has made a serious move to change that status quo.

- Ghost, what I wouldn’t give to be at the dinner table between these two some time. “Ah, my dear cousin, Tuesday’s bomb was lovely. Pass the salt?” “Of course, my sweet cousin, but the debut of a new line of noodle at the Toyota unveiling was a masterstroke. More butter?” “I’ll pass … as should you. Starting to show a bit of a bulge, my beloved cousin.” It’s gotta be as savage as it is cold.

- SeaTac Sweetie
