---
id: PP-0261
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Corporate Oversight Office
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corporate Oversight Office

The Oversight Office is relatively new. It was installed in the aftermath of the Dragon Civil War and the drop from the top spot of the Corporate Court ranking. Previously the information flow was generally up to the top (Lofwyr), while orders went top down, with very little room for interpretation or maneuvering by the managers in between. Only certain individuals who gained the trust of the boss also earned the right to make bigger decisions on their own. Normally everything was micromanaged by Lofwyr himself, as he did not want to leave something to chance. Due to his personal involvement in the Civil War, this level of control during that time was not possible anymore. When CFD finally dealt the killing blow to S-K’s nanofabrication and S-K was downranked, the reforms that were passed afterward led to the OO.

Broadly speaking, the OO is a virtual ubiquitous conference meeting in combination with a huge database and a highly advanced analytical know-bot. It’s not an AI (Lofwyr hates AIs), and it’s not a copy of Horizon’s Consensus, because the OO don’t tell anyone what to do. But it is a tool for the rare cases, when Lofwyr and his highly analytical dragon brain is not available. The database is fed with the same information that normally would only be given to Lofwyr and could generate projections and long-term outcomes. Then it produces opinions based on the input of its members, so they can find a democratic position on certain things. Democracy in a megacorp and that megacorp is Saeder-Krupp, you ask in disbelief? Correct, but of course there is a catch. Access to the Oversight Office is limited to the regional managers, a representative from S-K Prime and the _Innenrevision_ , the other members of the global management, and key figures like Hyvönen, Montejac and Lofwyr himself.
