---
id: PP-0238
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'Secondary Business Languages: All'
page: 116
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Secondary Business Languages:** All

causes and his widow **Mina Graff-Beloit** took control of the megacorp. Her rule didn’t last very long. Unbeknownst to her, **Lofwyr** gradually purchased shares via shell companies and proxies. In 2037, he finally gained a controlling interest in BMW. According to eyewitnesses (in a scene that has been recreated in multiple trid shows and movies), Lofwyr walked into a general shareholders’ meeting and presented them with the fait accompli. He also revealed his true nature as a dragon, immediately ousted Graff-Beloit, and declared himself the new president and CEO.

Immediately after acquiring his new empire, he began to reshape it. Lofwyr wrote a several-thousand-pages-long strategy paper outlining a massive reorganization he planned to implement between



2038 and 2040. During this restructuring phase, he merged ThyssenKrupp with Saeder Munitions to form **Saeder-Krupp** and made BMW into a subsidiary of his new megacorp. During the ’40s, the newly formed S-K would continue to excel at what BMW started—dominating the economic and political landscape in Europe, Russia, North Africa, and the Middle East. It monopolized key industries and became the biggest lender, which made areas, regions, or even whole countries highly dependent on them. But while in the corp was in its growing phase, it was useful to deal with smaller, independent entities, since they are easier to dominate. The whole thing becomes less easy to manage when both the parent company and subsidiaries grow.

This led to significant challenges, especially in Europe. After the dissolution of the old EU in 2029, there was a jungle of confusing national laws (especially national extraterritorial laws), taxation, governing entities, border controls, and non-governmental players. While the Business Recognition Accords of 2042 normalized some of this, they weren’t signed by all European countries, leaving some of Lofwyr’s problems unsolved. In the ’20s he already tried a **European Restoration** project, by using one of his proxy’s, the Austrian chancellor Matthias Helger. He proposed a unified European State with a federal government, similar to the old USA, deregulating the economy and equal membership for extraterritorial European corporations. While the idea gained some popularity at the time, it was eventually shelved due to the Euro Wars (20312036). And while Helger is mostly forgotten today, his idea gained new track in the ’40s and ’50s— mostly due to S-K lobbying. On June 21, 2062, Lofwyr attacked his long-term rival **Nachtmeister** in an air battle over the skies of Greater Frankfurt. Nachtmeister, head of the FBA, succumbed and was killed by Lofwyr. Later that year, the restoration movement eventually culminated in the Europort Intercorporate Summit of November 2062. Here, the foundation of the **New European Economic Community** (NEEC) was decided, and the Constitutional Act was signed in April 24th, 2063. The festivities were short lived, when the Crashworm released by Winternight hit the world next year. But before the Matrix went dark on November 2, what became the **Second Crash** , Lofwyr “informed” the European governments that he would simply shut down every Matrix grid S-K operates. On the one hand, the governments were relieved that the Crash didn’t hit them as hard as other parts of the world. On the other hand, now the governments knew that S-K had them at the whim.
