---
id: PP-0255
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Media
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Media

S-K’s corporate media arm is quite small. Its two biggest assets are **Angelic Entertainment** and



**American Broadcasting System** (ABS). The former was originally set up as a shell company to go around the ban California put on S-K business within its borders. Now the LA-based corporation operates within PCC, California, and Aztlan, investing in everything from shopping centers, hotels, and simsense theaters to agencies. Angelic’s actual shows and movies, made by their studios Quark Studios or Boromakers (acquired ‘65), are often quite mediocre. ABS is a total different beast. Roughly ninety percent of North Americas media is controlled by the big networks, so S-K has a big foot in the doorstep, as Manhattan-based ABS is the fourth or fifth biggest of them (depending on who you ask). ABS Studios co-produce the Gobi Wars together with CBC. The various owned and affiliated trideo and radio stations spread the news from ABS News division. It isn’t just blatant propaganda; in fact, S-K let ABS operate (mostly) on their own. Especially its flagship channel, WABSTV from Manhattan, is feared by several members of the MDC for its investigative journalism. Still, criticism of S-K or Lofwyr himself isn’t as harsh here as on the other networks. In addition to its normal programming, ABS also owns **World Sports Broadcasting** (the former ESPN), which is the biggest source for live sports broadcasts in North America. The last big asset is **Transnational Communications** , a former Chicago-based studio that moved to Toronto after the bug incident. TNC was the former owner of ABS, but now only holds twenty-eight percent of S-K’s sixty percent total. Now, they are “reduced” to owning some “independent” local stations (including those affiliated with ABS, like Seattle-based KOMA) and doing preliminary work for other networks, channels and Matrix news outlets.

- TNC tried to expand its influence into the Midwest, where they met strong opposition by the small but influential Simmons Group from Oklahoma. Simmons has bought dozens of small conservative channels across the CAS, PCC, Sioux, and UCAS. These super-localized channels are often one of the only news sources these people have, and Simmons prefers to keep it that way.

**>** Sunshine

Aside from these big fishes, S-K’s remaining media assets around the globe are small. There are some news services, and trid, music, and simsense studios here and there, often customizing their products for S-K corporate citizens.
