---
id: PP-0040
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Spinrad Shuffle
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Spinrad Shuffle

Richard Villiers gambled like he’s always done, except this time he lost, and he nearly lost everything. We can dissect the remains of that situation until the corpus is mush, but what matters is that NeoNET ceased to be, and the seat that kept Villiers and Novatech among the AAA megacorps was handed off to Johnny Spinrad by means of the tenyear lease of JRJ International to Spinrad. Not to SpIn, and not to SpinradGlobal. To Johnny himself.

The new boss entered in late 2079, and he dumped Villiers’ longtime justice and advisor, Lynn Osborne, before the digital ink was set. Osborne’s clever, and she managed to remain exactly where she’s been for the last quarter century—running Zurich-Orbital. Spinrad appointed a new justice, Brewster Pilium, in her place. Things continued as before.

And then, a little over one year ago, Ares and everyone at the top of the megacorp nearly ate drek. They went to war with the bugs and won;

THEand then they went to war with the UCAS, and they won that. Ares has been limping along, relatively speaking for a megacorporation, but it’s not what it was. One of those things it stopped being was one of the three megacorps with two justices. For the last two decades, since the Big Ten settled it among themselves to hold the number of AAA megacorps to ten, Ares, MCT, and S-K have each had two justices. As it happens, one of Ares’ justices’ terms expired earlier this year. I’ll spare you the suspense and the politics: Spinrad Global got a second seat.

There was no other way around it: MCT and S-K are the big two, but number three is also a Japanacorp. Their ranks weren’t going to earn it the bonus seat. Aztechnology wasn’t because it’s Aztechnology. Wuxing, Evo, and Horizon are too small, and the former two are despised by the Japanacorps. Slipping to number nine, Ares couldn’t hold onto the seat based on the math of how these things are decided. That left Spinrad Global or an outsider to take the seat. Sometimes, it seems like Johnny Spinrad cannot lose to save his life.
