---
id: PP-0275
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: North American Standoff
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## North American Standoff

With the recent changes in the NA corporate scene, there are plenty of new opportunities for runners. Working for S-K means attacking Ares, because due to their relocation from Detroit to Atlanta, there are several weak spots that S-K is willing to exploit. It is also more then just a coincidence that S-K moved its North American regional division from Charlotte to Atlanta into their new, recently acquired and newly renamed Ludmilla Reanka Tower. Regional manager **Klaus Basoski** and his subordinates **Stephan Aachen** (S-K Northeast, Manhattan) and **Luke Ishikawa** (S-K Northwest, Portland) check for every opportunity to gain additional footholds. This also includes their general war against MCT, who took S-K’s top spot on the corporate ladder some years ago. A new front was opened when S-K managed to snatch away Canadian Western Railway from MCT. With their subsidiary Symington Corporation, they already owned the former Canadian company VIA Rail, as well as the domestic flight airline UCAS National Airways. After the merger to **Symington-CWR** their network stretches from Halifax and Manhattan to Vancouver and Port Rupert. It also connects with Detroit and Chicago and then going southward to Mobile and New Orleans. This greatly reduces the time for transporting raw resources from the arctic to UCAS proper, which come in at Churchill harbor.

- This is a big joint venture project with Mærsk, which runs Churchill harbor and is working on setting up a terminal in Port Rupert harbor as well. That would allow them to compete with Wuxing in the Pacific and transport and refine resources mined from local corp Polaris Natural Resources.

- Stampeder

Speaking of Detroit, S-K bought several of the now-vacant Ares factory buildings in Greater Detroit and the Toronto area. Some are likely to be refitted for BMW and Volkswagen car production, while others are being torn down to make room for new steelworks, chemical plants, oil refineries and synthetic refineries used for coal liquification and biofuels. Some of the processed resources come from Polaris Natural Resources (a local company), while the rest is shipped down from the Arctic. This new resource hub and S-K’s cooperate with Mærsk and Polaris, serving as a direct attack on MCT and its subsidiary Mitsuhama-Benguet Mining and their Canadian and Arctic mining operations—MCT’s raw materials freighters are banned from Churchill harbor.
