---
id: PP-0256
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Space
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Space

With the recent acquisition of Fuchi Orbital, S-K gained a massive boost to its space assets. The megacorp now operates three primary and two secondary launch sites. **Arianespace** operates the former major ESA launch sites at Baikonur in Turkestan and Kourou in French Guiana. **Fuchi Orbital** operates a mobile launch platform in the Caribbean Sea. These three can lift massive amount of tonnage into space. The two secondary sites are Overberg Test Range (OTR), or Overberg Toetsbaan (OTB), operated by Ariane, and Woomera Range Complex (WRC), operated by Fuchi. Both are used to test civil and military rocket systems, as well as to launch satellites into a polar or sun-synchronous orbit.

**>** FO also had a launch site at Formosa Bay, Kenya, but that was snatched away by Trans-Orbital, before S-K made its move. **>** Orbital DK

Space operations are handled by Paris-based **Orbital Dynamix** , which trains S-K’s astronauts (at Orbital Dynamix Astronaut Centre in Cologne), acts as mission control, and operates S-K’s satellite network (including the former ESA Galileo global navigation satellite system) and space stations—all officially from Orbital Dynamix Space Operations Centre in Darmstadt. But it is widely known, that ODSOC’s Matrix output is quite low for what they have to supposedly manage. With the completion of the two Skyhook space elevators, OD set up offices near both of them, helping handling much of the busy work. OD’s biggest space station is the **Himmelsschmiede** (“Sky Forge”), which is S-K’s manufacturing and materials research orbital station. With the help of some monads and Morgen-Tek, OD recently started the construction of the new **Wayland Station** (named after a figure from the Edda). This is where S-K is restarting its nanofabrication research, which was previously housed on Himmelsschmiede but was shut down due to CFD. Lastly, OD is also involved in space mining. Several missions involving bringing asteroids into earth orbit so they could be harvested for raw materials—which became easier due to Skyhook. On the dark side of the moon, you will find the **Sigmund Jähn Lunar Station** (named after the first German in space, but often just nicknamed “Far Side”) operated by **Lunar Mining** and OD.

Rockets, satellites, and other space components are all made by **Messerschmitt-Kawasaki** (acquired from the now-defunct IFMU during the Corp War of ’59), **Saeder-Krupp Aerospace** (a merger of ThyssenKrupp Aerospace and BMW Aerospace), and **BAE Systems** (acquired by a hostile takeover from UK’s Integrated Weapon System PLC in the mid-’40s).
