---
id: PP-0198
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'RENRAKU - Posted by: 0rkCE0 - Corp Overview'
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## RENRAKU

## Posted by: 0rkCE0

## Corp Overview

The essence of marketing is making people not just want what you’re selling, but need it. Classic examples from the past include putting cocaine in your fountain drink, and making a pocket electronic device that combines half a dozen functions that most humans lived entirely without, then convinced them that everyone needs it—and needs to regularly replace it.

This is where Renraku’s business currently sits. They are dedicated to serving you in ways that make them feel necessary, and they will tweak their efforts however they need to in order to accomplish this. Sometimes this is benign, where they adopt local practices and customs so their services feel natural to their customers, or when they use their peerless customer database, which tracks and anticipates needs better than any system on the planet, even Horizon’s. Other times this is underhanded, like sprinkling some code in their Matrix games that is suspiciously BTL-like and keeps customers coming back—and paying for each visit.

They’ve adopted a curious extension of the “customer is always right” concept. In their view, if the customer is happy, then the goods or services they received must be the right thing for them. After all, people wouldn’t keep coming back for something they didn’t like, would they?

- Back in the twentieth century, there were some ideas that addictions might be problematic and should be avoided. That wasn’t what marketers thought, of course, just meddling dogooders. Once the marketers took over the world, addiction became a condition to exploit rather than interrupt.

- Kay St. Irregular

- There’s a weird kind of upside, though. The corps would much rather have an addict who is alive and still spending than one who is dead. Back in the early part of the century, you had a ton of people dying because they took things laced with poison,



**==> picture [228 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

or because they were relying on underground economies to get their goods, and they didn’t always dose themselves properly. Now that you can get most of what you want through licit means, and even sometimes get supervision while using, addictions are much safer than they used to be, even though they are more common.

**>** Butch

Renraku doesn’t have the consumer brand strength of Aztechnology, but they probably have better name recognition, since they’re more willing to put their mothership name on consumer-facing brands. Surveys show that when people think of Renraku, they think of some need they have being fulfilled.
