---
id: PP-0164
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Cove Morgan - VP, Unity Project
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cove Morgan

## VP, Unity Project

Everyone knows Cove Morgan—for good or ill, most for good, but envy often makes people bitter. Whether you met cute, “little” Cove back in his early _My Big Brother_ days at Pathfinder, before Horizon even existed; swooned over his deep bass vibrato as his music career skyrocketed in Horizon’s early days; found yourself replaying his debut sim, _High Stakes_ while being enthralled

HORIZON’Swith the sensations of being over three and a half meters tall; or most recently been captivated by his animated speeches as he brings his passion for change to the global virtual stage, you know the name Cove Morgan. He has been a global sensation since childhood, making waves as a successful troll (of the giant variety) actor early on, then avoiding the trappings of teen stardom with a career change, and translating every bit of his success into a career with a strong philanthropic component. He’s spoken out for metahuman rights, legal variations for non-standard form sapients, and megacorporate reform on global citizenship policies, just to name a few of his top agendas. He’s avoided getting labeled as just a faceplate to draw the crowds by using his own fortunes to fund every cause he works with.

- Cove didn’t avoid the teen drama by choice. To most other teens he was a freak, and they treated him as such. He endured it with maturity but has taken a few HIP hits from former “colleagues” who have come looking to ride his coattails and gotten their karmic retribution.

- Sunshine

- Not every negative clip has been a hit. HIP comes through the Consensus, and anyone who has followed Cove’s career knew of his rough teen years. They saw his polite declines—and they were sickeningly polite—as a great way to handle their past differences.

- Dr. Spin

Since everyone needs an official job, Cove, with his cohort of advisors and support staff, sits at the top of the Unity Project, in charge of one of The Horizon Project’s most controversial issues: monad reform. The team covers more than just monads, but that’s the current hot topic. Since he has the number-two HIP ranking (behind only CEO Cline), it’s his to run as he and the Consensus see fit. It’s a bit of a sham team, as Horizon is not about to open their doors to that potentially rabid pack, but having a well-loved face in the lead makes the lack of progress acceptable. The rather cushy job gives Morgan the freedom to keep being a face for so many other projects and teams within Horizon. He also hasn’t left the simstar or singer world behind. His simflicks are still big moneymakers and his concerts draw massive live and virtual audiences, and much of proceeds feed back into Cove’s philanthropic projects.

- As we might expect, it’s a bit greyer than that. Money finds its way into a healthy pool of shadow funds that Cove can use to further some of his more important agendas, with a little extra assistance from the shadows.

- Mr. Bonds

Now that I’ve given the cheap glossy screamsheet version of Cove Morgan, let’s talk about the part we all care about.

The dirt!

Everyone at Horizon tries to keep a squeakyclean image inside the corp, but their dealings outside the company, where no one can rupture their HIP, is often full of all the built-up bile and vitriol from being nice to people they don’t want to be nice to. Human nature still plays a part, especially with the executives and globally educated portion of the corp’s population who have broken some of the indoctrination into the Horizon way of life. Cove isn’t all about backstabbing and indignant condemnation, but his shadow op contracts definitely carry the flavor of his contempt for those who live in the shadows, free from the shackles of corporate social expectations. This may seem trivial, but sometimes a team with a decent social negotiator can read Mr. Johnson to get a feel for who’s behind the job, and this is a nice bit to feed into their data bin.

As for Cove’s agenda, it’s a straightforward purpose but one of those things you can’t go after head-on. Cove wants the top spot. When the HIP reset a few years back, he used every bit of his social prowess to jump ahead, but he always got stuck a half-step behind Cline. Early last year, Cove’s work started popping up. The long and short of it comes down to a shadow war to bring Cline down a peg and take the top spot. Nothing is ever so simple, but we can take a look at just a few moves being made in this game of megacorporate chess.

Cove is targeting Cline in three primary areas. His first is the simplest, as he contracts jobs that hit Cline’s professional efforts with The Horizon Project. Cove pulls together data on Cline’s efforts, feeds them down to his connections on the street, offers a budget, and then those connections use the budget and the data to create minor disruptions. Job orders almost always come with requirements for no unnecessary killing, minimal collateral damage, and total discretion requirements, mostly to minimize investigations. These are usually easy to follow, since the work requires a light enough touch that problems rarely arise Data thefts, social engineering, image sabotage, and personnel intimidation are common areas of work.

Second on the Cove v. Cline hit list of targets is Cline’s Horizon reputation. A bit more contrived in their contract parameters, these jobs never seem to be anything remotely shadowy. Whether it’s spreading a rumor, making sure a touched-up image gets circulated, or slipping in for a little water-cooler trash talk, the jobs are always heavier on the social engineering than the customary violence of the shadows.

The third of Cove’s gambits against Cline is a bit closer to the standard fare of runners. It bears shades of brutality and is a bit of street ugly, but



it still holds that edge of charm you would expect from Horizon work. Cline’s affinity for the rumors of a mystical tarot set are not unknown, nor are his efforts to chase them down. Cove either tracks Cline’s moves and sends crews to interrupt or intercept or he fabricates the rumors, feeds them up Cline’s grapevine, and then closes the noose on the teams he hires to mar his shadow reputation, which eventually finds its way back up the chain. These jobs are the dirtiest bits of Cove’s works, and the Johnsons involved don’t give the nicety-nice spiel. These get bloody, but they also involved the most distance from Cove’s desk.

- You can actually watch a few pieces of this battle in trid form. **Graves: Mystic Hunter** and **The Lost Deck** have both been scripted and produced from internal accounts taken from employees. Obviously, they see enough for the Consensus to pick up the gist. Funny how being so drunk on the kool-aid makes you miss your own drek getting flashed in front of your face.

- Dr. Spin

- I like Cove’s style. I don’t like the guy, but he plays the game well and that makes me think he’s ready for the big CEO chair.

- **>** Pyramid Watcher

- If Cline ever gets the straight proof on Cove’s actions, the giant is likely to wind up in the big CEO chair in the sky. Cline’s been at this a long time, and he knows how to get dirty.

- Glitch

- That’s only if Cline is really trying to hold that top spot. Plenty of rumors inside Horizon are whispering Cline is ready to concede the throne. The corp just needs to establish a smooth transition.

- **>** Sunshine


popularity, but this could be a real challenge for WhiteOak. The bad blood has already started to form in the shadows. **>** Sunshine
