---
id: PP-0317
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'SPINRAD GLOBAL - Corp Overview - Posted by: 0rkCE0'
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SPINRAD GLOBAL

## Corp Overview

## Posted by: 0rkCE0

I had a whole other introduction written, but I just scrapped it so that I could ask a question: What the hell is going on with Spinrad Global?

It’s a mark of some of the weirdness that I’m seeing that the answer a lot of people will give is actually another question: “Wait, is something going on?” Because it’s not clearly apparent that something is. Product lines are released and updated. Executives are hired and fired. Subsidiaries are bought or shut down. Business continues.

So why do I think something’s going on? It’s tough to put a finger on. Is it the fact that for perhaps the first time in decades, no one knows when the next big Johnny Spinrad party is going to happen? Is it the curiously rote information coming out of corporate PR? That’s part of it, but not all of it.

Let me give you an example. Mitsuhama has a subsidiary called Star Brands that is dedicated to ripping off other corporations’ designs. They are the premier cheap knockoff business in the world. They’re an annoyance, but most corps see them as an unavoidable nuisance. But they came up with a coup a few weeks ago, releasing a knockoff of a Spinrad sneaker before Spinrad got their version out. On top of this, the shoe was one of Johnny’s personal designs. This should have infuriated Johnny. There should have been a sheaf full of cease and desist orders fighting with a host of aggressive press conference statements to see which could breathe the most fire. Instead, there was silence. It was bizarre. Unsettling, even. And this was not isolated. I could fill most of my allotted space with more stories where there’s nothing clearly wrong but something seems off.

So what’s wrong, then? Wish I knew. But I’m worried enough to make this section a warning. Keep your eye on Spinrad Global. Something is up.
