---
id: PP-0166
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Consensus
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Consensus

WhiteOak enjoys a challenge. When you’ve been in the PR game for such a long time, you start to look for lost causes just to test whether it’s skill or reputation keeping you at the top, because no amount of reputation is going to get the world believing Winternight was a humanitarian aid organization. The shadow grapevine has been abuzz with rumored connections getting made between WhiteOak, Emerson Hisp, Cynthia Bills, Xander Colt, and Eshraki. Most folks here are familiar with Bills, but all of them represent different clusters of the same group.

Monads.

Bills is an insider at Evo. Hisp leads a growing global group of unaffiliated monads known as the Collective. Xander Colt is the head of We Stayed for Our Future, a public-assistance monad group looking to bridge the divide. Eshraki is the voice for the monads still living around Salem in the NEMA, which means she’s the voice for Eliohann/ Cereus and his cult. All different sects of monads, and all being reached out to by WhiteOak with varying degrees of success from what I’ve gathered.

If you haven’t caught the drift, it looks like WhiteOak might be getting ready to make a deal with these monads to clean up their image. For what purpose, I can’t see yet, because the four represented groups have four very different views on the role monads should play in the future of metahumanity. I have to say it will be an interesting campaign, and we can be certain to see plenty of work come our way in order to keep dirt from sticking, get dirt to stick, and just randomly create distractions that the monad groups can step up to counter.

- Evo cannot be happy about an executive connecting with the VP of another mega.

- Snopes

- Check out the bit on Bills in the Evo write-up if you missed it. Her getting some good PR for monads is the least of their worries but should scare the frag out of the rest of us.

- Glitch

- This is next-level PR challenge drek. Three of those people are basically terrorist leaders, and the fourth isn’t too far off—he’s just hid it better so far. I cannot even imagine the PR glitz show it would take to make monads okay with the rest of the world. Too much painful damage.

- Bull

- Same was once said about metahumans, mages, and technomancers, but the tides slowly shift.

- **>** Stone

There is nothing more responsible for the success of Horizon than the Consensus. While hiccups occurred in the past, modifications were made, and this program has done wonders for solidifying Horizon’s place as a AAA. They may still be the smallest, and smaller than several other AA corps, but the impact they have on the world at large surpasses several of their larger AAA siblings.

All thanks to the Consensus.

As a program, the Consensus takes in reports and data from every Horizon citizen, every moment, of every day. This massive influx is compiled and analyzed to see what they’re thinking, what they want to think, and what they aren’t admitting they think, in order to determine what is best for Horizon going forward. That’s the nickel version.

Now let me drop the dime on some realities. The Consensus, in its new form, was given a couple core rules that were usually used for early artificial intelligence programs that interacted with people. It was given the classic prime directive of “Do no harm,” with all the necessary details to define what can’t be harmed and what harm entails. It already had an obedience program that kept it from backdooring the board of directors via the general body of employees, and they added a chunk to both bits of code to highlight that Horizon citizens and prospective citizens have a different weighted rank on the scale of harm. They also separated physical harm from concepts like fiduciary harm and emotional harm, both easier concepts to PR your way around (just look at the abusers of the world).

For all intents and purposes, after the recoding, the Consensus is an artificial intelligence program. A super-agent program being run in the hottest hosts Horizon owns. You may be skeptical, but I am sure you won’t be at all surprised to hear my claim that the Consensus has emerged. It is not simply an artificial intelligence programn it, or a portion of it, is now an AI.

- These rumors have swirled since its first iteration, supported by claims that Las Vegas was a way to protect itself from a perceived threat. The same rumor mills also spit out that it was never recoded, just contained and convinced to play nice.

- Glitch

Awake and aware, the Consensus is not just feeding ideas to the board for approval. It is seeding the shadows with work that benefits Horizon through avenues the board and the Horizon citizenry might consider ill-advised, unpopular, or extreme. The efforts soften targets for acquisition, arrange events for potential blackmail, commit



acts of violence to create social responses and media highlights, and every other dirty trick it can get away with and still keep within that primary protective code it must adhere to.

- We’re leaving this here even though I have a mind to take it down. This conspiracy theory has been tossed around for a decade or more. Not sure when it’s going to die, but taking it down just seems to feed the madness.

**>** Glitch

- Interesting. I always assumed the Consensus was an AI that Horizon just kept quiet about. I’ve been waiting for AIs to get accepted enough that they just make the announcement that the program had miraculously “emerged” and joined the Horizon family.

  - I’m not sure about Peaceful Solitude, but I know the bugs have used things like spas and retreats in the past. I’ve hit enough of them to know.

  - Sticks

- Icarus
