---
id: PP-0037
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Court
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Court

The Court serves like many a civil court in earth, hearing torts torts, contract cases, and other civil matters. They generally don’t deal with individual criminal matters; when it becomes clear that some case they have been hearing involves individual law-breaking of some sort, they typically remand that to the earthly jurisdiction of their choice (unless they’re in the mood to settle things with a single Thor shot, but that’s exceptionally rare). Unlike earthly courts, they have few forces at their disposal that they can order to uphold their orders. They rely on buy-in from the members to do that. If a member decides to ignore a ruling, they’ll face the wrath of the other members, and as Aztechnology can tell you, that can get very rough.

The Court has a series of escalating consequences available to them. They are:

- **Sanctions:** This can include freezing assets or limiting the scope of trade available to a particular entity.

- **Asset loss:** This is a fine. If it’s anything less than a few hundred million nuyen, it has no impact at all, so fines typically fall around half a billion. Physical assets and personnel may also be awarded in a dispute.

- **Physical strikes:** This is the sort of thing the Court was created to prevent, so it’s kind of strange that it’s one of their remedies. As was mentioned above, the Court has not force of its own to deliver a strike, so it usually falls to other corporations to provide the muscle to deliver the blow. Of course, when disputes get to this point, it’s usually no trouble to find people willing to carry out the sentence.

- **Omega Order:** This is the Corporate Court equivalent of a death sentence, an order to kill a corporation and strip it for parts. Operation: Reciprocity against Aztechnology and the recent dismantling of NeoNET are the closest the Court has come to delivering an Omega Order, but both activities ended up with some parts (substantial parts, in Aztechnology’s case) still standing, leading to disagreements about whether they were Omega Orders or not.
