---
id: PP-0146
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Rivalries and Rebellions
page: 66
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rivalries and Rebellions

I’d like to say that Evo is their own worst enemy, since at the moment they have a lot of internal troubles threatening to split them in thirds, or worse. That’s surely going to be their long-term downfall but before then they’re going to have to deal with some unhappy monads, a group of technosapient hating e-sapients, and two of the three remaining major chunks of a former rival. I got the skinny on the monad problem and a look at Transys-Neuronet’s efforts. I’ll post over a quick bit from a chummer to cover the battle for corporate Africa and that little e-sapient problem.

First up, not every monad is all into Evo’s Acceptance line of bulldrek. That goes for those inside and outside the corp. The likeminded often come together in various hosts and forums connecting on the abuses and feelings of slavery under Evo. The most radical venture forth to meet in the meat and discuss the true course to not just change the minds of monads but break them free of their corporate chains.

I’d love to give you some cool name for this monad resistance, but “monad resistance” is about the coolest moniker they have. In order to maintain some level of anonymity, they’ve never formalized a name or any other form of unifying concept. It’s part of what has kept them safe from Evo’s internal security.

The goal of the group is relatively simple: free their kin. The hitch is, they don’t care if you are working willingly or not. They assume coercion no matter what. Some recruits are sent right back out in order to recruit more monads to the cause. If a convert doesn’t seem skilled enough for that kind of guile, they’re assessed for extraction. Some are

given the intel on the coming snag job, others are left in the dark to avoid sinking the ship with their loose lips or poor subterfuge skills. Once pulled, most are relocated to small communities and given small but income-generating jobs to fill time and support the cause until more permanent arrangements can be made.

- Those permanent measures could very well be a rewrite to digital copy and execution of the meat body. It’s harsh, but most of these monads never became attached to their “meatsacks,” as they call them.

- Plan 10

This group is also fueling internal strife in order to crack off a chunk of the corporate pie in hopes of making a new home for monads that doesn’t have to deal with what they consider slavery or, at best, indentured servitude. They push jobs that promote strife into the shadows in order to grow the wedges and make sure to point the blame squarely at forces on the other side of the corporate political divide. It’s an obvious tactic, but sometimes the simplest method is the best.

- I hope you don’t buy that these simple tactics are working. This drek has a complexity worthy of the dragons. They play forces all over the corp against each other, even those controlled by cause-friendly monads. It keeps every investigation unfocused and lets affiliates look like victims who are just out for justice when they ask questions and bribe investigators for details.

- **>** Plan 10

I’m going to wrap my work here with what is my absolute favorite little tidbit of trouble for Evo, what I call the T-N Hustle. T-N is short for Transys-Neuronet, the former chunk of NeoNET controlled by Celedyr. The hustle refers to the moves the Welsh dragon is making. While they look like typical corporate shadow ops, they play more like con jobs by some street hustler.

As most in the shadows know, at least those with the street cred to hit up the major shadow hosts, Evo and Aztechnology both played a significant part in the disaster that was Boston’s lockdown. The world saw NeoNET take the blame and collapse, but Celedyr took the events personally for good reason: His goal was to fix Eliohann. T-N came out with little more than a black eye and in fact, gobbled up some old NeoNET assets on the way down. The Welsh dragon is now engaged in a personal vendetta against both AAAs but is playing it more like guerrilla warfare.

Or in the case of Evo, a nice long hustle.

The basics are simple. Celedyr knows Evo’s part and knows where the dirt is. The dragon hustler is hitting them over and over, and making it pretty obvious he is just trying to cause drek. Above the table Celedyr is making meetings and out lookingfor an investment. It’s more of a payout in order to get him to stop but the jobs keep rolling and causing all sorts of drek for Evo.
