---
id: PP-0184
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: \<<<Section Deleted by SysOp>>>
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<<Section Deleted by SysOp>>>**

- I have no desire for my information to be so blandly presented on your legendary VPN. I am Grace Mombasi, CIO of MCT-Africa and member of the Ichi Council. I take pride in my intelligencegathering skills, and I still regularly utilize them in the field. I am no desk jockey.

With my efforts, our division has quadrupled our asset value across Africa. We are the predominant African megacorp, despite what other AAAs and local corps might claim.

My personality is as diverse as the cultures spread across this beautiful continent, and as the original author of this section ascertained, I am a monad. This makes me particularly wellsuited to deal with our chief growth rival. I understand others may see this as some form of risk, but I was given the option to depart with the others, and we chose our allegiance to MCT.

I will vehemently deny and take action against anyone who furthers the unsubstantiated rumors that I intentionally infect others to create a collection of allies. I understand the initial monad plight, but I do not condone the continuation of any form of monad consciousness transference, including the latest efforts by Evo monads to copy themselves onto younger forms.

I hope those here can see the value in growing the MCT influence across Africa and come contract with the best corporation on the planet.

> GRACE

> I’ll risk it. Mombasi has copies out there. She denies them, but that’s likely because she didn’t consciously make them. She was injured in a shootout in Cape Town. The bloodspray managed to contain enough nanites that two other monads were made.

One of them uses Mombasi’s name and face to benefit her own ends. The other seems to be working against MCT Mombasi and the imposter.

Sorry, Grace. We know you want to deal with this internally, but they have a price on their head that you didn’t put there, and I’d rather folks here go after them and not you to collect. > Balladeer

The Ichi Council seemed uniquely created with diversity in mind, and **Kenner Ashwood** from MCT-Australia is the perfect example. Born to a poor family in the slums of Sydney, Kenner only came under the umbrella of MCT in his teens, when his father was a peripheral victim of a zero-zone incident and his mother was offered fine housing and easy employment as compensation for her loss.

Kenner struggled early on, but appreciated the advantages the corp life offered. His high school years were rough, but a college experience at

MIT&T in the UCAS was a welcome break from local personal politics. His return to the MCT fold in Australia was smooth on the surface but involved a large number of shadow operations as Ashwood cleaned up old loose ends and grew himself a nice corporate niche as a skilled arcane troubleshooter.

His current corporate position makes him look like a mid-level paper pusher, but his assignment to the Ichi Council demonstrates there is far more than meets the eye. In fact, in the shadows of this region, he is a well-known fixer and Mr. Johnson, though not always appearing to represent the interests of MCT. We can all be sure that is not the case or he wouldn’t be part of the Sinister Six, but he is certainly playing an interesting game down under.

- Ashwood is a universal Johnson, and MCT appreciates his ability to separate street life, arcane life, Johnson life, Ichi life, and personal life. It also helps that he has serious arcane talents and connection to MCT’s Research Unit 13.

- Lothan the Wise

As if the UCAS is not in enough trouble with the eyes of one Ichi on them, **Ilyena Mitsuhama** operates out of the NAN half of North America. She is a firm MCT loyalist and not keen on any of her fellow Ichi with split loyalties. She’s using the struggles of the UCAS to get MCT contracts and operations all along the NAN/UCAS border region with a healthy focus on land acquisition.

Due to past transgressions, MCT does not have the greatest reputation within the NAN, and most of their operations here use subsidiary names that don’t include MCT or Mitsuhama. Ilyena works to use that to her advantage, though bearing the name herself (she changed it when she turned eighteen) makes it a bit of a struggle.

Also on her radar is Denver. The recent shift in power has left the place a bit tumultuous, but while this cauldron warms and bubbles, she has been tossing in the proper ingredients to get the flavor she wants when it’s time to sit down for a meal with Ghostwalker.

- She’s got a serious interest in the Seelie Court and the access provided by Yellowstone. Her current efforts are trying to undermine the connection between Aztlan and the NAN in order to get MCT arcane resources helping to monitor and control the gateways around the caldera.

- Lothan the Wise

- It’s not just Yellowstone. The Denver gateway and the one at Bear Lodge are the subject of plenty of memos that emanate and cross her virtual desk. She’s also hired researchers to check out the Four Corners region and a dozen other arcane sites in the NAN.

- Netcat



The mysterious seventh member has yet to be confirmed, but every bit of data I’ve touched points to someone with scales. As the number of options for this scaled seventh is limited, most would think it’d be easy to find, but whoever it is, they are either newly awoke, a drake rather than a dragon (maybe as the envoy of a dragon), or (the answer I’ll speak more on) a very young dragon.

Recent rumors have several more sea dragons beneath the waves. These same rumors talk of some accelerated development, and one of these dragons, I think, is the seventh member and has a spot in the Ichi Council to appease Sea Dragon herself. This potential connection between the number-one megacorporation on the planet and the wealthiest dragon on the planet is something the world should be concerned about. What the two need or want from each other can’t be a good thing for the rest of us.

- That makes some sense with a bunch of rumors going on in St. Louis. The shadows were abuzz with rumor of a meeting between Ilyena Mitsuhama, Even Teeg, and Sea Dragon, but the last was not present. Instead, a younger sea dragon was spotted departing the meeting, and I later confirmed the queen of the sea was on the West Coast at the time.

> Ire
