---
id: PP-0061
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Ares Services
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Services

Second only to Ares Consumer Products, the service industry of Ares is unbelievably massive. They’re most famous for the assorted military services that they provide; from logistics to communications to base security to food services to laundry, Ares has a subsidiary for it, usually two or three. They operate the _Red, White, and Blue_ newsletter for the UCAS military (or at least, they did until last year), and of course they provide lavish accommodations to those generals who want to see new toys on display every year when searching for the latest and greatest ways to make a nation’s enemies dead. Come for the new Ares OneMan Legion demonstration, stay for a weekend of golf, massages, and complimentary drinks.

Which brings us to Ares MacroMotors.

With Detroit’s utter collapse, the merger of General Motors and Ares has come to a messy end. For decades, Ares had been moving more and more production to the CAS, with Alabama the big winner there, and when they looked at how much it would cost to salvage Detroit, Ares cut it off and walked away. They still own the General Motors name, and the famous brands beneath that banner, but they wanted a new start, and there’s no better way to do that than with a new name. MacroMotors (not the best name; I blame Vogel) is that fresh start. They salvaged most of their top engineers and even more of their research and development, even as they left the ordinary line workers behind. These assets are being merged into the Ares facilities in Alabama, creating a new core from the existing network of supplies and transportation. Ares Heavy Industry is laying down new tracks for freight trains, creating new factories to build parts to ship on those lines. It is also rolling out new mining gear, hungry for the riches of the Ozarks and Appalachia to feed those factories. It’s a huge investment, but local economies are footing a staggering part of the overall bill. Tax breaks, dismissing environmental surveys, selling mine access for a fraction of their worth—those are only some parts of the effort, all while governments are celebrating the arrival of the industrial might of “America’s Corp.” No one ever asks what will happen in twenty years when those tax breaks end, or points out that Ares was originally a EuroCorp and just wears the flag on a lapel pin that can easily be taken off and switched with another.
