---
id: PP-0268
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: "Vanadis Hyv\xF6nnen"
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Vanadis Hyvönnen

Hyvönnen is an elf (a grey-blue skinned Night One) from Finland. She is the “governor” of Neu-Essen and, besides Lofwyr, the most important person in S-K Europe. She has been rigorously clawing her way up the corporate ladder and is defending her position grimly. She took over her current post as chief negotiator for corporate-political affairs and earthbound assistant to Jean-Claude Priault nearly twenty years ago when she was transferred back to earth thanks to her merits as the director of the orbital factory Himmelsschmiede. Hyvönen’s main task is to make sure that everything at home works according to Lofwyr’s wishes. Accordingly, she has been vested with extensive authority in the corporation’s macrocosm. As S-K’s direct chief negotiator in all political affairs, she’s in constant contact both the state and the federal government as well as the Federal Council of the AGS, although contact with the federal authorities is mainly maintained by S-K’s

NEEC-minister Gustav Moeller. She has a reputation of being an extremely uptight and rigid negotiator who has been taught by one of the best (namely Priault) and forged to extreme relentlessness and mercilessness. Though mostly concerned with the AGS and the Ruhrplex, she maintains a direct connection to Brackhaus and the other Mr. Johnsons in the European shadows and beyond, if necessary.
