---
id: PP-0183
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Top Talent
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Top Talent

MCT is too big for me to give a rundown on every important exec. What I’d like to do is focus on pulling together some datafiles connected to MCT’s new internal council, Ichi. The six executives on the council were pulled from divisions and subsidiaries around the globe. On the street, you may have heard of the Sinister Six. Same group. The thing I’ve discovered is that the Sinister Six is really the Sinister Seven, but the seventh member’s identity has been a closely guarded secret, even to the other six members. Read on and check out what I’ve pulled together on this band of thieves.

MCT North America offers **Even Teeg** to the Ichi Council. He’s a former company man (corporate runner, to be specific) who made his way up the executive ladder through wit and ruthlessness. He’s only in his forties, so he has plenty of time to work in the executive offices, but he still has a bit of an adrenaline addiction. His rather plain appearance, dark hair, dark eyes, and mild olive complexion allow him to slip into the NorthAm pool of Johnsons with relative ease. That ease can leave him vulnerable to extraction or assassination, but he is quite adept at making sure no one has advance warning of his shadow escapades.

**Kinetsa Motashi** operates out of Kyoto. Born and raised a devoted MCT citizen, she has had only a single external dalliance (if you can call it that). In her early twenties, she developed a relationship with Hidetso Wasada. It was a hot and heavy romance, but her trajectory was up the corporate ladder, while he seemed to be heading for a bloody death in a gang war.

When they broke things off, her beau threw himself into work, and he now sits near the top of Yakuza operations in Kyoto.

Kinetsa uses him for occasional street connections as well as private security when she goes to places where regular corpsec would stick out like a sore thumb. She is also the greatest proponent of continuing the strong connection to the Yakuza now that they have outgrown the influence and potential damage of a public relationship.

The Yakuza connection is also her method of adding one additional level of anonymity to activities against fellow Japanacorps. If the action will really rile stuff up, they then just hand the job down to runners, and the protective gap just grows and grows.

> Be wary getting in the middle of this. If an operation looks like it’s going to be exposed, Kinetsa will issue a zero order and pay well to make sure the runners never talk.

> Red Anya

**Killian Kujiyawa** joined the ranks of the Ichi from his ivory tower at MCT-Europe. He’s a corporate brat with zero exposure to the streets. He flies everywhere via his own personal fleet of Ospreys and doesn’t speak to anyone who isn’t a fellow executive or ranking government official. His rise through the ranks came from managing a successful corporate shadow war with S-K on their home turf that has only gotten more heated since MCT took the number one spot.

He’s no fool, and he knows full well MCT is not going to take Europe from Lofwyr, but keeping the rival mega a little off-balance at home helps the global efforts.



- Behind the scenes, Killian is sick of being the distraction. He has his sights set on CEO and shifts a lot of resources over to preventing other Ichi members from getting closer to that coveted position.

- Glitch
