---
id: PP-0272
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'Draconic bulletin board: Running for S-K - General Information'
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Draconic bulletin board: Running for S-K

## General Information

Saeder-Krupp at its core is a company that believes in long-term benefits. This is reflected in their relationship toward shadowrunners. When an S-K Johnson hires you and your group, they will usually start with some introductory runs to see if you have the skills that are required. If so, you will get hired again for the real job, followed by another one. The last one usually has nothing to do with the other two, but is more a test of reliability. If you manage to accomplish this one as well, there is a fair chance you will land on this Mr. Johnson’s speed dial. He may also recommend you to other S-K Johnsons as well.

**>** Why I want to do that? S-K Johnsons only pay on corp scrip.

**>** Anity

**>** Yeah, heard that one too.

**>** KorpKilla

**>** I don’t know where this myth originates from, but this is not true at all. It also makes no sense. There are no public S-K stores, where you can go to spend your S-K money on S-K products. When you want a BMW, go to the next car dealership. Need a Hermes commlink? Go to the next electronics store. S-K pays in nuyen or the dominant local currency. There are S-K stores (like S-K Family Store), but they are for corporate citizens only, can only be found within S-K corporate enclaves, and usually sell stuff like organic food. I mean, there are worse ways to spend your money, but I guess this myth was made up by people, who

DRACONIC BULLETIN BOARD: RUNNINGhad some bad experience with single S-K Johnsons, or even S-K Johnson posers. **>** Heisenberg

S-K has been known to employ successful runner teams for a long time, as long as they benefit from them. They will pay above-average rates, and you may be granted other bonuses and perhaps become a corporate citizen if you wish (in my opinion, there are worse retirement provisions). A normal S-K run may be a run against their own facilities. S-K has the constant need to check their own security measures, which sometimes can only be tested under live conditions. These runs are often the aforementioned standard introductory runs.

This philosophy came top-down from Lofwyr’s own believe of survival of the fittest. Only those runners who mange to deal with S-K’s strict security measures, are fit enough for the real jobs—


everyone else isn’t worth it. This also means that when you run against S-K and accomplish it successfully, you may be hired by S-K in return, as you have already proven yourself. Yet, this only applies when you did did not accidentally cross some plans set up by Lofwyr himself. In this case, he will track you down and make you pay.
