---
id: PP-0152
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'HORIZON - The Image We Portray - Posted by: The Flying Spy'
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## HORIZON

## The Image We Portray

## Posted by: The Flying Spy

What can I say about Horizon that they can’t say better for themselves? In fact, that has been the cornerstone of this megacorp since it popped into existence (and into the AAA ranks shortly thereafter) in the ’60s. While some other newcomers to the AAA ranks may have “spin” in their name, no one is better than Horizon at changing the narrative for even the most offensive pieces of drek on the planet. Based in Los Angeles, they are the premier cosmetic surgeons for damaged reputations or those who just want a little touch up here and there, as well as those who want a complete image reconstruction. It all depends on how much they’re willing to spend. They use those skills to get in with corps and characters across the globe and then use those connections to make small and subtle expansions

over time. Horizon will not be the next MCT, but you can expect them to move up from the bottom of the AAA ranks at some point in the next decade. Whether that is due to the fall of another or the rising of their own star isn’t certain, but either way, Horizon will be influencing the process.

That all said, I would be remiss not to mention the philanthropic side of Horizon. Whether it’s just part of the image or a genuine desire to make the world a better place, Horizon is world-renowned for their efforts to better metahumanity and protect the planet. Their philanthropic ability benefits greatly from their private status, as they don’t need to report publicly what they’re spending, and internally no one cares because the citizens of Horizon pretty much run the show thanks to their input into the Consensus. The Consensus is the decision algorithm that all Horizon employees feed their views into that guides the entire direction of the megacorporation. The whole thing is a bit weird, but read on and you’ll understand just why this corp is often called the “Cult of Personality.”



**==> picture [228 x 158] intentionally omitted \<==**
