---
id: PP-0174
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'MITSUHAMA - Posted by: Jimmy No'
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## MITSUHAMA

## Posted by: Jimmy No

Surviving at the top isn’t easy.

Unless you are Mitsuhama Computer Technologies.

MCT has a strong growth mindset, and that means work in the shadows. Work in the shadows means you need intel, and that’s what we’re here for.

Sitting atop the pile of megacorporations, MCT continues to grow at an inordinate rate. Their leadership has relentlessly acquired assets and lesser corporations, some of which warrant the term “mega” on their own. Their assets make them a major power player in every field. Although “computer” is part of their full name, it’s just a single facet in the round brilliant cut of the diamond of their operations (which is why most just call it MCT).

With their size, it’s not always their logo you see on the outside, but up the digital trail, you can find their umbrella covering an abundance of targets you might go head-to-head with, which is no

easy task. Once they fall under the umbrella, they also gain the extraterritorial status, and you need to worry about how little they value your life when compared to their assets.

Denizens of the shadows actually know them best for two reasons, each terrifying in its own right. First, their “zero-zones” are deathtraps MCT installs in their highest-priority locations, or sometimes in spots where they think they can hurt people who have it coming. A warning usually precedes entrance, but extraterritoriality supersedes all, meaning they don’t need to warn you before they kill you. This is at the heart of the MCT philosophy when comparing themselves to others. They barely care about their own citizens beyond their level of production and usefulness, so shadowrunners who set foot on their precious property are like ants beneath the foot of an elephant.

Reason number two is a throwback to their early days: their connection to the Yakuza. This criminal connection is often the veil they use to hide their shadow efforts. Only when the syndicate


mitsuhama computer technologies


**==> picture [228 x 239] intentionally omitted \<==**
