---
id: PP-0022
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'AA: Megacorporation'
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## AA: Megacorporation

After the Megacorporate Audit and Revisions, there are just shy of forty independent AA-status corporation—legally recognized as megacorporations—listed by the Corporate Court and the nations signed onto the Business Recognition Accords. That doesn’t include subsidiaries of the Big Ten that are large enough to be AA-sized, like Knight Errant, BMW, and Dassault-Esprit. Many of these megacorps are now or began as public-private nationalization rescues of entire nation-states’ economies. They are regional superpowers, and some global powers that rival the size and scope of the smaller Big Ten megas, something that all parties are well aware of.

The AA megacorporations are large enough to be dangerous and small enough to be prey for the Big Ten if any one or more decided to make an example of one. The late Cord Mutual is one such example of what can happen when an AAA turns its attention to a smaller competitor. Fortunately for the two score that survived the Megacorporate Audit and Revisions, the Big Ten are either too busy to pay attention to them or are being played off each other by those very same AA megacorporations.

AA megacorporations have most of the privileges enjoyed by the Big Ten. They don’t have ownership shares in Z-O Bank, they don’t have representation on the Corp Court, and they cannot contribute to Court operations. These are hotly contested issues, and the agitators among the AA seeking more representation and involvement have grown even louder in recent days. But to succeed, they’ll need to apply pressure that goes beyond words.

- It’s tough for them to gain leverage on their larger kin. The AAAs have more money (generally), larger armies, and of course the Corporate Court. The argument from AAs saying, “It’s in our interest to give us a voice on the Corporate Court” means nothing to the Big Ten. The AAs have to craft an argument saying, “It’s in **your** interest to give us a voice on the Corporate Court.” That’s a hard sell. The brutal way is to keep hitting the AAAs and tell them it will stop when they share power (the Maersk strategy). A more sophisticated way is to monitor Corporate Court rulings and show the Big Ten how useful you could be in carrying out their orders—if only they’d let you.

- **>** Dr. Spin
