---
id: PP-0370
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Rivals and Rebels
page: 167
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rivals and Rebels

If you’ve been paying attention so far, you can probably guess most of the names that are going to come up in this section. Wuxing’s number-one rival at the moment is Maersk. A lot of their current operations are focused on keeping the Scandinavian corp the frag out of Wuxing’s territory—which, as far as Wuxing is concerned, is pretty much everywhere. If they can’t do that (and even Wuxing would admit that kind of feat isn’t really feasible), they’d settle for keeping Maersk out of Asia, Oceania, and western North America, the way things were before Maersk opened their Arctic Ocean seaport.

Maersk is far from Wuxing’s only problem, though; Saeder-Krupp might actually be the more dangerous competitor for Wuxing. Saeder-Krupp is Wuxing’s direct rival in both the financial and arcane services industries, and Wuxing’s clash with Maersk is bringing the two triple-As ever closer to a direct conflict. Unfortunately for Wuxing, most of the megas who might be inclined to join a fight against Saeder-Krupp don’t like Wuxing either, leaving them in a pretty precarious position.

Speaking of corps who don’t like Wuxing _or_ Saeder-Krupp, the Japanacorps—Mitsuhama, Renraku, and Shiawase—are as determined as ever to put their Chinese rival in its place. The most direct conflict is between Wuxing and Mitsuhama over magical goods and services; Mitsuhama’s **Pentacle Distribution** is one of Ming Solutions’ biggest direct competitors, and narrowly holds the title of



“largest magical-services corp in the world,” something Wuxing would love to change. Renraku and Shiawase have fewer direct conflicts with Wuxing and mostly support Mitsuhama out of nationalist solidarity, although Wuxing and Renraku are starting to step on each other’s toes in the Philippines.

Besides those five, there are the megas who aren’t actively hostile towards Wuxing but still don’t particularly like them. Both Aztechnology and Evo have built up a lot of bad blood with Wuxing in recent years. The Azzies resent Wuxing holding the NatVat bailout over their heads, and the fact that Wuxing is now their direct competitor in both arcane and consumer goods. Evo, meanwhile, is still sore over how publicly Wuxing disavowed them during the CFD crisis. As for Ares and Horizon, neither corp really has much interaction with Wuxing, for better or worse.

The only megacorp that Wuxing might be able to consider friendly is Spinrad Global. They have their share of potential conflict, like if Aegis Cognito decides to stick their noses into Wuxing’s financial shenanigans, but they also have common interests when it comes to undermining Maersk and Saeder-Krupp. SpinGlobal might also be a powerful ally if Wuxing tries to reform the Pacific Prosperity Group (again), with SpinGlobal’s strong presence in Indonesia complimenting Wuxing’s operations in Malaysia. There have already been some development projects on the island of Borneo/Kalimantan that were jointly funded by the Malaysian Independent Bank and SpinGlobal’s Chalmers & Cole, and it’s pretty clear that the two corps are cooperating in the Middle East.

Wuxing isn’t out of the woods when it comes to internal conflict, either. Sharon Chiang-Wu has made strides to cement her control over the corp, but Fu Peng is a persistent thorn in her side. I’m sure that Sharon would’ve ordered Fu dead by now if she knew how to actually kill him. Unfortunately for her, the enigmatic entity (who still runs circles around anyone trying to identify or track him, let alone cause him harm somehow) is still hell-bent on weakening Sharon’s control of the corp.

- Why, though? At risk of sounding like a corp shill, Sharon’s actually been good for Wuxing and its shareholders. Doesn’t undermining her go against his own interests?

- Riot

- If he were metahuman, yes. However, between his decades-long lack of any mundane data trail, his penchant for disguising his identity and appearing in multiple places at once, the reports of his magical abilities, and the power he seems to exercise over Wu Lung-wei, I’m fairly confident that Fu Peng is some sort of spirit—and judging by how he’s driving Wu Lung-wei to selfdestruction and pushing Wuxing’s board to indulge their worst impulses, I doubt his intentions are benign.

- Winterhawk

And then there are the elves. I’ll let Frosty talk about that.
