---
id: PP-0325
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Global Sandstorm
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Global Sandstorm

For well over a century, one of the greatest ways to develop a fortune was to find oil. The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was formed in 1932; six years later, oil reserves were found, entirely transforming the new nation. Within half a century, the nation was the largest oil producer in the world. The money was serious. It also provided a strong foundation for expansion.

Like many of the other major corporations, Global Sandstorm (née Sandstorm Engineering Conglomerate) prospered because they knew how to use a hanging world and the occasional crisis. When the Matrix crashed, they were there to help rebuild. When new businesses emerged in Southwest Asia and Africa, they were there to finance them. When war broke out, they were there to sell weapons to the rivals and then broker a peace that was contingent on them gaining deals to rebuild infrastructure.

Their success was aided by the approach the company took in Asia and Africa. Those continents had suffered extensive damage in the colonial era, making them distrustful of corporations looking to descend on them and exploit their resources. Global Sandstorm opened regional headquarters in several important African cities (such as Lagos, Cairo, and Johannesburg) and established businesses there, and only after operating for a time did they look to involve themselves in larger business affairs, such as building oil pipelines and winning Matrix contracts. By that point, they were seen as locals.

It was effective, and even though corporate headquarters were in Riyadh, many people in places like the Kingdoms of Nigeria and Egypt saw Global Sandstorm as their hometown AA, someone to stand up to the colonist megacorps of the world. This meant that the merger with Spinrad Industries, which normally would feel like their corp was losing some of its distinctive character, was easier to accept because it led to the local hero getting AAA status.
