---
id: PP-0241
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Fall of Cord
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Fall of Cord

While S-K was still as ubiquitous as before, its public image was significantly damaged. Normally S-K could take those hits, but the problem was not just that S-K looked weak, but _Lofwyr_ looked weak. And that is something the boss couldn’t stand. So he activated a plan, which seemed to be long in the making: he crushed **Cord Mutual Insurance** .



CMI is … well, _was_ one of the biggest insurance corporations in North America. They were famous for their various exclusive insurance deals, like covering all employees of the big emerging megacorps or a national government. It bought several of the other big insurance corporations and would eventually—as a statement of their power—build their five-hundred-story Cord Mutual Insurance skyraker. In the ’40s and early ’50s, they were essentially the biggest insurance and reinsurance company in the world, which made them an AA. Their fall from grace began in the mid ’50s, with the rise of Wuxing and the loss of two major subsidiaries (the Allianz and Munich Re) to the FBA. Nonetheless, they would stay very influential in the Americas with contracts signed by newly formed Novatech. Cord’s major subsidiaries were the healthcare insurer BluSix, the reinsurance giant Gen Re-RGA, as well as Mutual Life Insurance Company, New Eagle Insurance, and West Coast Mutual. Its cash flow was generated by its customers, long-term investments, and the stock market.

After Boston, Cord lost a huge amount of contracts due to NeoNET’s downfall. So they needed a new clients—which suddenly popped up out of nowhere. Several of these were traps, set up by S-K Prime in advance. Then Detroit and the Blackouts happened. While Cord had to pay enormous sums, they were spared from the worst, because luckily Ares did not call for their insurance payouts. Instead, they made a hole bunch of new deals when they moved from UCAS to CAS, which balanced out Cord’s losses to some degree. Cord also started to scavenge the aftermath of the crisis for “new customers”, as other smaller insurances became insolvent. Their eyes landed on **New Toronto Re** (NTR), which was another honeypot set up by S-K Prime. You see, NTR was essentially a bad bank. Due to financial tricks and manipulation, S-K Prime overvalued the company and their contracts. The assets either didn’t exist, or were actually IOUs, outstanding payments, or outright fraudulent. In short: it was a big money grave. Sadly, Cord didn’t understand what they had bought until after the acquisition. With all the gaming pieces in place, Lofwyr let his trap snap.

Normally, an AA like Cord could survive something like NTR. But while all this was going on, Cord was flooded with lawsuits over “fraudulent contracts and business practices” related to the contracts they made after Boston. Many of the projects turned out to be nonexistent, and the people involved simply vanished. With no one else to go to, investors sued Cord to get at least part of their money back. Then a series a sabotage operations and “accidents” struck targets insured by CMT, forcing massive pay-outs. Next, the **Confederate Investment Corporation** (CIC) froze all of Cord’s investments after hearing the news of potential financial difficulties via “business insiders.” After CMT wasn’t able to prove that they could still pay

their responsibilities (because CIC was given manipulated data), Cord management became desperate and lost it. They ordered a hostile takeover of CIC, so they could free their investment themselves. CIC tuned out to be co-owned by Evo, Shiawase and Citigroup, who started a counter-shadow war against CMT and froze all of their accounts within their financial divisions. S-K stepped in and offered Cord essentially parts of the money they used to buy NTR back to them in exchange for their five-hundred-story tower. These additional funds fueled the shadow war. After both factions entered a war of attrition, S-K made the final blow.

In January 2082, all of the major networks and screamsheets published the story of the imminent insolvency of Cord Mutual. Customers canceled their contracts and demanded pay-outs, while other finance companies froze and held back Cord’s remaining accounts and investments. CMT’s stock-market value hit rock bottom within days. Evo integrated BluSix into CrashCart, while Shiawase and Citigroup also ripped out their parts from Cord. On February 8, Lofwyr in his human form entered CMT’s last shareholder meeting— resembling his own move forty-five years earlier. He announced that S-K had acquired the majority share of what remained of Cord. His first act as the new CEO was to fire the old management, declare the dissolution of the corporation, and take some of the remaining contracts and personnel to a new company named Atlanta Insurance Company.

- And what was the point of all of this? What S-K got out of this is insignificant, compared to the amount of nuyen they spent. Also, AIC is just a fraction of what Cord once was.

- Traveler Jones

- This wasn’t the point. Lofwyr wanted to show that he could essentially crush any corporation at any time. Cord wasn’t your small mom-and-pop shop around the corner, but rather a fullfledged AA. By showing the world that he was in fact responsible for their demise (without publicly acknowledging it, of course), he made it clear that he is still a force to be reckoned with. So it wasn’t about the money; it was about sending a message.

- Frosty

- Also, many other corps are now wondering if S-K has such death-switch plans for them, too.

- €spion
