---
id: PP-0365
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Wu Lung-Wei
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wu Lung-Wei

As most of you probably know, Wu Lung-wei— the son of Wuxing’s founder, and the corp’s CEO until Sharon’s coup a few years ago—has basically been sidelined out of the corp. As of my last update, Wu’s obsession with the study of magical artifacts had led Sharon to convince Wuxing’s board oust him from the CEO position, instead putting him in charge of a new “Special Acquisitions Division.” Even then, there were signs that he was being consumed by his pursuit of these artifacts, and things haven’t gotten better with the passage of time; if anything, they’ve gotten worse.

I’m going to go out on a limb and say that nobody actually knows what’s going on with Wu Lung-wei, or if they do, they aren’t talking. I do know that it’s been at least two years since anyone saw him in public, even at major events like Wuxing’s Lunar New Year celebrations or the going-away party that Sharon threw for the Quints before they all went off to university. The few rumors that have come out always sound like they’ve been ripped from a screamsheet, saying drek like “he doesn’t eat or sleep,” “he looks like a walking corpse,” or claiming he’s been possessed by some kind of malicious spirit.

- Are you so sure those are rumors?

- Many-Names

- I knew someone was going to ask that. No, I’m not sure, and I haven’t heard of anyone with a shred of credibility who **is** sure either way. I’m sure everyone has their own ideas, like they always do, but I’m just here to tell you all what I actually know.

- **>** Jimmy No
