---
id: PP-0252
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Logistics
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Logistics

For shipping products, S-K normally uses service providers like Mærsk, ESUS, or Wuxing. Prior to its acquisition, they also heavily relied on Lusiada, which has now been scaled back significantly. Nonetheless for some high priority shipments, S-K owns a small cargo ship fleet. S-K is more interested in bringing their workers to their factory, so they often invest or acquire local public transport companies in S-K strongholds. In addition, S-K owns several Airlines like **Old Word Airlines** , **BMW Airlines** and **Aeroflot** . Their railway transport branch in North America recently got an immense boost, after S-K managed to snatch away Canadian Western Railway before MCT could grab it. It was afterwards merged with another company to form **Symington-CWR** . And while this opens up several opportunities, S-K’s most ambitious project lies in Asia. The **New Silk Road** is a transcontinental railway and highways network build in the ’40s, owned and operated by a consortium lead by S-K. The network connects Qingdao at the Yellow Sea with Saint Petersburg at the Baltic Sea. Its central crossroads is Tashkent, where the Trans-Caspian branch meets the Trans-Afghan branch. This Trans-Afghan Highway (solely owned and operated by S-K) starts at Gwadar in Pakistan and goes north through the Khyber Pass and Kabul until it links with the New Silk Road in Turkistan.
