---
id: PP-0027
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Currency and Scrip
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Currency and Scrip

Money. All of the Big Ten and most AA megacorporations own banks and financial institutions (or are collections of such, like the FBV and HKB). These serve as the megacorps’ treasuries and reserve banks, and for the last half-century these banks have been amazingly well-run. History has tended not to be kind to corporations with bottomless piggy banks they can raid from. Having the eye of the Z-O Bank and the other AAAs on them has saved these monstrosities from themselves more often than any of us want to think about.

That said, having reserves means being able to issue currency. Most megacorporations have some kind of currency that can be exchanged on the markets. Since many megacorporations are privately owned, it’s just another form of security to trade in the markets, and few people actually use these currencies like dollars or euros or nuyen.

Internally, however, every megacorporation issues scrip to be exchanged within their closed economic systems, between employees, citizens, subsidiaries and divisions, and the occasional customers. Trading scrip outside of official corporate exchanges or with Z-O Bank itself is illegal. Naturally, this has led to massive black and grey markets that, like all black and grey markets, are fed and watered by the institutions that made them necessary in the first place. The illicit nature gives the cogs a bit of a thrill and a taste of independence. It also happens to create a lot of datatrails that ensure long-term loyalty from those same cogs.
