---
id: PP-0125
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: \<<<END FILE>>>
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## \<<<END FILE>>>

- Okay, first, this was obtained from a location known as only as “Site 000,” sometimes also called “Triple Zero.” And as an added bonus, that appears to be the name of the black site located in *dramatic music* Dutchville, as has been previously mentioned. So! We have a name for this place, and it appears that it was Chavez’s last known location. But be careful with even this bit of data, as people are literally dying for even hearing it.

- Puck

- Finally, something new to go on.

- Orbital DK

- What’s the second part of this?

- Netcat

- It seems that six days ago, there was a coordinated, multipronged cyber-attack on Aztechnology’s ultraviolet-rated main corporate data vault. Yeah, it exists; it’s not an urban legend. And I almost feel insulted about not being invited. Anyway, I don’t know how many, but multiple teams and individuals, using information and passcodes given by Oliver McClure himself, found and penetrated the vault and managed to make off with all sorts of highly classified datafiles, or at least bits of them. At least two hundred deckers and technomancers (probably more) died during the operation. The rest made off with what they could and went deep into hiding. But some were still found by Aztechnology or their proxies and dealt with harshly. Many of the attackers panicked and felt that if they were likely to die, they might as well get the data out. Some planned to do that all along. Others, well, they’re trying just to survive and protect what they got, waiting for the right time.

- No wonder they want him so dead, and why Aztechnology has gone feral.

- Balladeer

- **Frag me** ! How did you find them?

- Electric Blue

- Some came to me, or people I knew reached out as I kept digging. Now I’m worried about all of them. Anyway, what they have is wild. Lots of ultra-secret tech projects. One may actually be able to frag with the metaplanar barrier. I saw a file about a new cybermancy project—the creation of better cyberzombies using Infected cells and DNA codes. There are plans and timetables for Aztechnology and Aztlan to re-take the Yucatán. There are POW camps still operating even though the war is long over. But one thing that keeps popping up is a mention of what Aztechnology refers to as “our new friends” or “friends from out of town.” Seems these new friends are also connected to Site 000 and all the cluster-fraggery that’s associated with it. These friends are also supposedly assisting Aztechnology with their research, which may be why they’re pulling ahead of the pack so quickly. Whoever these “new friends” are, it seems that Aztechnology (and a few other corps, not yet sure who) have been in contact with them for the better part of a decade.

- Puck

- Okay, obvious question: Do we know if all this paydata is legit?

- Clockwork

- If not, the Azzies are putting in a lot of work killing people over junk mail.

- Cayman

- An attack this big doesn’t just happen. It takes a lot of time, planning, and coordination, all at an **extremely** high skill level, with a **lot** of connections, not to mention the means to finance the whole operation. So my question is: Who’s in charge? Because there is no way this just came together.

- Hard Exit

- Whoever did it, my hat’s off. But I’m starting to see this is gaining traction. Several news outlets are covering some of the public data leaks.

- Mika

- Can’t wait to see how their PR spins this.

- Turbo Bunny
