---
id: PP-0281
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'SHIAWASE - Posted by: Haze'
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SHIAWASE

## Posted by: Haze

When it comes to Shiawase, the keyword is _power_ . Through Shiawase Atomics they generate it; through Shiawase Biotech, they embody it; and through vast sums of nuyen, they control it. When I took the job to put this thing together, I was like everybody else and just sort of shrugged when their name came up. “Just another Japanacorp,” I said. “Seen one, seen ‘em all.” Not quite true. When you’ve seen one, you’ve seen Shiawase; they define the megacorp and, to be honest, we judge every other mega by how far they branch off of the standards that Shiawase sets. That kind of soft power is easy to overlook, and I have to tell you that by the time I got this thing assembled, I not only bought in to the concept, but I bought in to the company. Okay, it’s one share, but even a single share of Shiawase is more valuable than you’d think.

Japanese? Check. Dark suits and briefcases? Check. Corporate samurai? Check. Big black

cars? Check. Stoic executives who blow off steam with karaoke and katana practice? Check and check.

Shiawase embodies the very idea of megacorporation, and they don’t back away from using that idea to keep people in line. Renraku wants to be a country’s friend. Evo wants you to actualize your potential. Aztechnology hides everything it does. Shiawase marches a legion of salarymen into town, puts their name on the tallest office building they can find, and insists that you sign all documents in Japanese. They are in control, you are a cog, and that’s just the way the world works.

**>** Hey, wasn’t Baka Dabora supposed to do this one?

**>** Slamm-0!

- Yes, but once again, his version was a fawning love letter that didn’t let us see the ugly. So I farmed it out.

**>** Glitch
