---
id: PP-0065
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Top Talent - Arthur Vogel
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Top Talent

## Arthur Vogel

The King is dead, long live the … what? He’s leaving? <emote sigh>

What does a corporation do when the man in charge is on a ticking clock? Vogel was never made for the corporate world, starting as a wide-eyed eco-lawyer, fighting for tree-huggers and crystal-rubbers, scoring some major blows against industry in the name of Mother Earth before being propelled to national fame as the first dwarf to run for president of the UCAS in 2057—unfortunately the same year as the first dragon candidate, Dunkelzahn. Needless to say, dragons trump dwarfs, but he made enough of an impression that Big D added him into his will, passing enough shares of



Ares stock to get him a seat on the board. In theory, the idealistic environmentalist would act as a counterweight on corporate greed. In practice, it got him blown up. After a year of cyber-replacement surgery and recovery on the Daedelus space station, his heart just didn’t seem into it anymore.

- Of course not. It got replaced by a cybernetic one. The real one’s on my desk. G-harf, g-harf!

- Bung

- I should point out that while the dragon’s will got him started, Vogel was able to purchase even more shares. Exactly who gave him that funding remains unknown. Assorted eco-friendly causes are always at the forefront of conspiracy theories, but they don’t have that kind of financial firepower. Dragons, especially those from South America, are another vector. Plan 9? You’re up.

- Pistons

- Dzitbalchen’s the obvious one. He was heavily invested in corporate affairs and had a ton of shares in Aztechnology, where he was aiming at a top seat. With Vogel in place, he could arrange a war between the Azzies and Ares, damaging both, so he could swoop in and get that promotion. Pobre found out, which is why he was rubbed out and why Vogel’s never had to pay those loans back. Of course, that’s all a blind for the real string-puller, Sirrurg.

- Plan 9

- Jokes aside, here’s a small clip from Boston’s Samantha Fulton during one of Vogel’s trips Earthside.

- Sounder

- That is textbook cyberpsychosis. You listening, Riot?

- **>** Butch

- I can relate, if not to that degree. When I had to get some replacement parts after my Pueblo adventure, I wasn’t able to get the most holistic of medical attention. I’ve felt like my connection to the spirit world has been weaker ever since. Not by much, but enough to notice. It’s like losing a piece of your ear; nothing major, but when you go to scratch, you remember it’s no longer there. Now I wonder if he once had some Talent.

- **>** Elijah

Vogel’s doing the best he can to get things ready for the next CEO. The clock is ticking, and the board will need to pick someone. While Vogel doesn’t seem to care who it winds up being, he’s working like a machine to get the corporation at least stable before handing it off. Eighteen-hour days are the norm, with barely time off to recover. I know dwarfs are rugged, and cybernetic ones even more so, but this has to be taking years off of his life. He’s heading toward seventy and has no intention to undergo leónization, so maybe he thinks he’ll just work himself to death as a fitting end? For such a public figure, there’s a lot we just don’t know about him.

- Depending on the research, it’s speculated that dwarfs could live to be two hundred, maybe more. He looks like hell, but he probably has a century left in him. Meanwhile, most orks my age are dead and I’m not certain that I’ll be around to meet the new Ares CEO. Hopefully, Bull’s kid will get his dad’s genes. Hell of a way to go, withering away like this.

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Butch
