---
id: PP-0109
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Flavia de la Rosa
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Flavia de la Rosa

In 2065, de la Rosa was selected by the Aztechnology board of directors to assume the position of president/CEO in the wake of Juan Aztcapotzalco’s assassination that same year. A career Aztlan politician, she was Aztlan’s president from 2053 until her appointment to Aztechnology in 2065. Considered to be nothing more than a puppet of the Aztechnology Board of Directors, de la Rosa tried early in her tenure to rein in various factions within the corporation, only for her husband Carlos and son Tomas to die during a “terrorist attack” in 2066. Until about 2072 and the start of the Amazonian War, de la Rosa seemed content to play the role she was cast in, but then she started to make moves within the corporation. By the war’s end, she had begun to slowly assert more power. In early 2078, rumors started to circulate that de la Rosa had finally been able to “remove” those within the corporation responsible for her family’s death.

Now in her late sixties, de la Rosa is known for her personable, people-friendly, and detail-oriented approach to leadership. She has been at the forefront of several initiatives including **\<<\<2.1 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>** … her popularity has never been higher both within and without the corporation.

- Wonder how long that’s gonna last with whatever crisis seems to be going on.

- Hard Exit

- De la Rosa was also instrumental in hiring then-General Salazar in ’78, fresh from his victories in the war. Soon after, de la Rosa’s enemies were removed. Coincidence? Nope.

- Rifleman

- Got anything concrete to back that up?

- Rigger-X

- Yep, but it’s classified. And you know the cliché about showing classified things.

**>** Rifleman

- According to some of the notes that Pyramid Watcher sent, de la Rosa and Motecuhzoma had been courting Salazar since before the war began and were responsible for getting him on several high-value projects during the war—much to Chavez’s displeasure. Take that for what you will.

- Glitch
