---
id: PP-0360
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Consumer Goods
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Consumer Goods

If there’s one area where Wuxing can claim an unqualified success since our last update on them, it’s consumer goods—you know, the everyday knickknacks that have been stamped with “Made in China” since back when China actually existed. The reason for that is that Wuxing recently closed a deal to acquire a majority share of KongWalMart, which puts them in control of the single largest consumer-goods retailer in the world. Now wageslaves everywhere can enjoy easy access to all the cheap crap that comes out of Wuxing’s factories, and more importantly to Wuxing, they get to reap the profits from it.

**>** They also get to give the finger to Aztechnology, seeing as Stuffer Shack is one of Kong-WalMart’s main competitors. **>** Sunshine

Besides that feather in their cap, Wuxing hasn’t lost a step when it comes to hawking everyday items nobody really seems to think about—food, drinks, clothes, commlinks and other personal electronics—and making variable-quality knockoffs of other corps’ products. The slow, steady growth I talked about in the last update has gotten a little slower and less steady as they’ve met resistance from Evo and Saeder-Krupp in Eastern Europe and Spinrad Global in the Middle East, but they were making progress on the North American front. Even before the Kong-WalMart deal, cars by **ESSY Motors** and food products from **Soba Foods** were showing up in Seattle, the Salish-Shidhe Council, and CalFree. With Kong-WalMart in Wuxing’s pocket, I’d expect to see them expand through the rest of North America pretty quickly.
