---
id: PP-0240
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Back on Track?
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Back on Track?

Since the late ’70s, S-K has been trying to get back on top. In an unprecedented move, they invited several monads to join them, despite Lofwyr’s distrust of AIs. With their help, S-K hopes to get an edge on research and bring their nanofabrication back online. They also set up a task force with their Portfolio Development and Market Forces divisions called “ **Fall Magenta.** ” It was led by **António Ortega** , a former NeoNET employee, who was tasked with analyzing potential acquisition targets in case of an NeoNET collapse (which later occurred). Another addition was **Isabelle Corbeau** , a former Shiawase employee who switched sides and was tasked with overseeing and advancing food production in Europe. In addition, they also managed to snatch away **Canadian Western Railway** from MCT, who was trying to take control of every major railway company in North America. This gave them a leverage over the movement of goods, as CWR’s rail network hubs were right in the middle of the east and west coasts. In 2079, the aforementioned fall of NeoNET occurred and S-K executed its plan. While Transys and Erika stepped came away relatively unscarred, Ortega concentrated his attacks on Novatech. They had to pay a very long bill, so they sold several assets. Aside from some electronics factories here and there, the biggest chunks Novatech unknowingly sold to S-K fronts were **Central Industrial** and **Fuchi Orbital** . Both are former Fuchi companies—CI is based in Detroit and was one of Villiers major industrial asset when he formed Novatech, while Fuchi Orbital was in charge of the corporate space program. Now both are part of S-K, posing as independent companies.

Observers predicted a rapid recovery of S-K in the next years, but then something unforeseen happened—something Lofwyr didn’t even expect. **Monika Stüeler-Waffenschmidt** , Nachtmeister’s protégé and successor as CEO of the FBA, managed to get her hands on an ancient relic—the Imperial Sword (also known as the Mauritius Sword). This relic seemed to have an dragon-repelling effect, which could be seen in an public event on September 25, 2080, when MSW and Lofwyr met. Lofwyr couldn’t stand being near the sword for to long, so he eventually had to depart, leaving MSW as victor for a day.
