---
id: PP-0102
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Public Relations/Media
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Public Relations/Media

Aztechnology’s mask is not the work of any specific subsidiary, and its existence and maintenance are orchestrated from the corporation’s highest echelons, with help from experts in data manipulation, statistics, and public image. Using data gathered from across the corporation, these experts advise the Aztech board on how to best maintain the mask. But such efforts don’t just _happen_ . Aztechnology needs outlets not only to help spin things in their direction but also to help the masses see things their way. And what better way to do that with news and entertainment? **Channel 12** is currently Aztechnology’s go-to Matrix news and information outlet. While they present a fair amount of objective news (when it comes to countries other than Aztlan and corps other than Aztechnology), their large subscription base, which is measured in the billions, gives Aztechnology an extremely effective tool in pushing Aztech-friendly narratives while attacking their enemies. Likewise, trid shows and simsense from **Televisa** provide nonstop entertainment options that always put Aztlan and Aztechnology in a good light. Combined, both of these Aztech subsidiaries provide a critical amount of deflection and distraction when Aztechnology needs it.

- That’s been true of the media since the invention of the printing press or when the old TVs came out. Aztechnology is simply better than most (but not all).

- Sunshine

- Fun fact: A good chunk of Channel 12’s investigative reporters and producers are former Aztlan/Aztechnology intelligence agents. Some are good at getting stories; some are good at killing them.

- Thorn
