---
id: PP-0047
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'ARES - Posted by: Glitch - Overview'
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ARES

## Posted by: Glitch

## Overview

Ares. The Gun Corp. The All-American Corp. The best friend the UCAS ever had. The definition of the military-industrial complex. Damien Knight’s personal plaything. A giant bug hive that could eat us all. Which one’s true? Which one’s mostly true? What defines Ares as a whole?

All of it.

Ares, more than any other corporation, is diverse. A megacorp is invested in dozens, if not hundreds, of industries, but even compared to its peers, Ares is everywhere. The corporation’s assorted parts compete at every turn, each executive the lord of a petty kingdom, and no one ever fights so hard as when the stakes are so low. Ares runs the gamut from owning a city on the moon to a business where they set up lemonade stands for children, from educating schoolchildren to selling

a wide variety of coffins customized to the dearly departed’s hobby of choice. They own so many small businesses that no one really knows how much they have, only that there are teams of lawyers whose only job is to try to track it, and they’ve never been able to finalize a count for the annual shareholders meeting.

They’ve been the number-one gun-manufacturer for as long as any of us have been alive, tops in space even longer than that, and have shaped the nation of the UCAS so much that most people don’t know where Ares stops and the UCAS begins … and now they’re taking that show on the road to the CAS.

In short, Ares is everything you’ve ever heard of and a whole lot more.

Except for the bugs. But we’ll get to that.

**>** Bugs. Why did it have to be bugs?

**>** Bull



**==> picture [228 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**
