---
id: PP-0284
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: History
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## History

The first Megacorporation. What more needs to be said?

- Ahem.

- Bull

Fine. Shiawase was a basic Japanese _Zaibatsu_ (a family-owned company that was involved in either a horizontal or, in this case vertical, monopoly) that dates back to the nineteenth century but doesn’t get important for another century. It made waves in the power-generation business, the first corporation to have its own nuclear plant, and having invested in alternative energy before peak oil and the shattering of the fossil fuel industry’s dominance. They then turned that income stream into the food industry, focused on Japanese staples of rice and seafood, having an iron grip on those industries as the Food Riots started at the turn of the century.

1999, A hungry mob in New York mistook a Seretech truck full of nuclear waste as one that held food, leading to a running battle as the truck crew tried to hold off a screaming mob from cracking open nuclear waste and irradiating a massive swath of the city. Despite the deaths and property damage they caused in escaping, the US Supreme Court ruled that the corporation was in the right,

SHIAWASEdue to how much damage would have been done had they not resisted, the first legal case that built the existence of today’s megacorp.

More important was the second case, _Nuclear Regulatory Commission vs. Shiawase Corporation_ , where Shiawase, feeling gouged by the local power company, asked for permission to build a private nuclear plant. When it was refused, they took it all the way to the Supreme Court, who ruled in their favor. The final case that sealed the deal was a second NRC suit, after eco-terrorists from TerraFirst! attempted to break into Shiawase’s nuclear plant, only to be cut to ribbons by Shiawase security forces. The NRC had wanted to prove that it was obviously too dangerous for a private corporation to have such facilities, only to instead show that they were quite capable of defending themselves, and in fact, would have been more effective without harmful regulations imposed on them by the US government that allowed the terrorists to get far closer than they would have if things were left to unregulated Shiawase forces.

With that final Shiawase Decision, the modern megacorp was born and they will never, ever, let you forget it.

- There were obviously dozens of other cases involved in the background, forcing the issue wider, defining extraterritorality more specifically, and getting most other nations of the world to agree to similar deregulation, but that’s getting lost in the weeds. They weren’t all wins, such as the finding that a corp’s hazardous waste that escaped its property was still its responsibility, leading to actual enforcement of environmental regulations by nations as one of the few tools they had to push back at corporate power. But these days, the whole package is the Business Rights Accords. When a nation signs on to them, they have to recognize extraterritorality and cede some authority to the Corporate Court. The UCAS briefly refused these last year, but then everything went to hell. President Colloton’s belly crawl to sign them again, only with worse terms, scared several other nations to sign on before they, too, got a worse deal.

- Kay St. Irregular

CEO Emori Shiawase spent the next twenty years riding high, seemingly able to do no wrong as he consolidated power, welcomed new corporations to the extraterritorial family, and accepted smaller companies into the greater Shiawase family, gaining their fealty in return for legal protections from being a part of a megacorp. When he passed in 2019, the world lost a great man of unmatched vision. Those who followed him atop the pyramid were … smaller. The next decade saw stagnation, as the poor leaders simply coasted rather than seizing power. Petty squabbles of unworthy family members resulted in a rapid turnover of executives, one worthless cousin being replaced by an idiot nephew or corrupt aunt. Somehow, through

the fog of failure, came Sadoto Shiawase, taking power as chairman of the board after the first Crash, proving the firm hand the family needed. His leadership was untouchable until 2049, where a botched assassination attempt by his sister Soko killed their younger brother Ryoi, creating a situation where the two of them, and Ryoi’s spirit by way of albino medium Jerri Howard, jointly ran the corporation

**>** … What?! **>** Quicksilver

**>** Long story. **Excellent** con! **>** Lyran

Fast forward a bit to the second Crash and the death of Fuchi, when one-third of that corporation, and Korin Yamana, join Shiawase, including a literal marriage between the then-eighty-year-old Yamana and college student Mitsuko Shiawase, Sadato’s son Tadashi getting his own daughter Hitomi married to the boy Emperor of Japan, a vote of no-confidence spearheaded by Soko against her brother, Howard’s suicide (or “suicide”), Ryoi’s daughter Reiko finally inheriting her shares over Howard’s dead body, then a sudden surprise as both Soko and Sadato were forced out when Yamana, Reiko, and Hitomi wound up with more voting power, setting up Korin Yamana as CEO and Hitomi as chairman of the board. It’s still unknown exactly how this happened, but it’s presumed that it was orchestrated by Yamana, using his young wife as a go-between with the other Shiawases. Some think it was Mitsuko’s idea. Regardless, she, Reiko, and Empress Hitomi became known as the Three Orchids and were at the forefront of changes in the corporation’s morality, even while Korin and his Yamana Doctrine reformed the corporation’s business practices.

This era lasted a decade, with Korin, celebrating his new CEO status with an absolute massive leónization treatment, a rude surprise to his wife who was certain he’d soon die and leave her his fortune. He forced out many of the older members of the Shiawase Corporation, senior executives given honorary positions and pay in thanks for decades of service; to Yamana’s eyes, they were a drain on the bottom line, being paid but contributing nothing, and his general drive for new things caused quite the shake-up in the stodgy old corp. On top of this list was the creation of a Shinto Advisory Board, which promoted a better caretaking of environmental procedures, and the entanglements of Empress Hitomi as chair of a megacorp. This made her responsible for whatever happened there, good or ill, and caused no end of problems.

It all came to a head with the birth of Hitomi’s second child. It was a very difficult pregnancy in the first place, and labor was triggered by anintense shareholder meeting, with Korin Yamana leaving the corporation (and selling his shares in the process, largely to aging Soko). Soko refused to pass those to her own daughter and instead granted them to “rightful heir” Tadashi Shiawase as the last “true blood” alive. Subsequently, Hitomi’s left the corporation (officially), Soko died peacefully, and Tadashi Shiawase, now in his late 60s, became CEO. Mitsuko Shiawase-Yamana found herself frozen out as Korin Yamana’s wife, now without shares, while Hitomi was constrained into being the Empress and mother to two children rather than a brilliant corporate player, leaving only Reiko Shiawase-Shimada as the last Orchid standing, now serving as board chair. The corporation has never been more unified than now.

- Well, that was a wild ride.

- Clockwork

- The family’s the best soap opera ever made. This barely scratches the surface, and when you start looking at the cousins, aunts, uncles, adoptees, it just gets better. Shiawase’s greatest weakness has always been the very family it draws strength from.

- Pistons
