---
id: PP-0358
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Areas of Expertise - Finance
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Areas of Expertise

## Finance

Money makes the world go ’round, and Wuxing is better than any other AAA at pulling purse strings around the globe. Financial services are the one area where Wuxing’s gotten away relatively untouched in the last few years, even as other megas chip away at their more visible core industries.

One of Wuxing’s biggest bargaining chips in financial services actually comes through a different megacorp entirely: Aztechnology. They’ve never let Tenochtitlán forget that it was **Wuxing Financial Services** who bailed them out after Sirrurg destroyed the NatVat facilities on Borinquen back in the mid-’70s, gutting Aztechnology’s hold on the agri-food industry. Aztechnology might’ve turned its back on the Pacific Prosperity Group and tried to leave Wuxing out in the cold, but even they have to be squeamish about defaulting on a debt that big.

- Judging by some internal Azzie communications I’ve seen, Wuxing’s already using that financial leverage to help them in their fight against Maersk.

- Pyramid Watcher

- Yeah, I go into that in the next section.

- Jimmy No

Wuxing’s major North American financial subsidiary, **Fidelity Mutual Insurance** , dodged a massive bullet when the Corporate Court found



NeoNET responsible for the destruction wreaked by the Boston Lockdown. Besides being based in Boston itself, a lot of local corps held insurance through FMI, and having to pay out that many claims would’ve been enough to overwhelm even a triple-A mega. Luckily for Wuxing, once the story behind the Lockdown came out, the Corporate Court let Fidelity Mutual off the hook. Sucks for the corps relying on that cred, but hey, that’s biz.

- A few smaller corps in the NEMA sprawl have started banding together to go after Fidelity Mutual corp drones. They’ll pay pretty well for anyone willing to dig up dirt on FMI managers who can approve payouts on the claims that the Corp Court waved off.

- Kay St. Irregular

With Wuxing’s North American assets sitting pretty after the Corporate Court finished head-shotting NeoNET, they’ve started funneling those expected losses into other areas. I’ve seen paydata saying that they’re putting out feelers via two Asian subsidiaries (the **Malaysian Independent Bank** in Kuala Lumpur and the **Prosperity Development Group** in Neo-Tokyo) to put a financial squeeze on the Japanacorps’ overseas subsidiaries, especially Renraku’s expansion into the Philippines. There’s also chatter about some action through two European subsidiaries, **Albion Mutual Funds** in London and the **Bank of Vienna and Hong Kong** in Vienna, to try to use their financial-sector muscle to strike back at Maersk.

- As good as Wuxing is at messing with markets, trying to throw their weight around in Europe is playing with fire—literally, considering the two biggest European financial corps (Saeder-Krupp and the Frankfurt Bank Association) are both owned by dragons. SpinGlobal are hardly slouches in that department, either.

- Mr. Bonds
