---
id: PP-0113
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Aztechnology Special Projects Division
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology Special Projects Division

Special Projects is the umbrella term used to describe the organizational apparatus that links various research initiatives/projects and working groups with needed logistical and financial resources among the corporation’s subsidiaries. This apparatus enables information to flow more efficiently among these entities, thereby accomplishing goals at a more rapid pace. At least, that’s the official description. In reality, Special Projects is the means by which Director Salazar has begun to expand his presence and influence within the corporation. In addition to all R&D initiatives, Salazar has used Special Projects to place people loyal to him in important corporate divisions such as intelligence and military operations.

While this may seem like a possible threat to the corporation, Salazar has been given all but free rein by none other than President/CEO de la Rosa as part of an ongoing arrangement between the two and Motecuhzoma. And as long as projects and initiatives continue to show results, the rest of the board isn’t too concerned about digging too deeply into Special Projects.

- The thing to know about Salazar is that he is a sociopath who craves only one thing: power. He will do anything and literally sacrifice anyone to get what he desires, even more so than your typical Azzie. He classifies people in one of two ways: an asset or an obstacle. The only things he seems to truly care about other than his personal power are his twisted sense of honor and his family; never insult or mess with either unless you eventually want to die painfully … or worse.

- Rifleman

- Aside from the support of de la Rosa and Motecuhzoma, Salazar has managed to wrap board member J.J. Harvin Jr. around his finger as well by promising him massive new gains and opportunities for “aggressive expansion” once several projects come to fruition.

- Marcos
