---
id: PP-0231
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: "How You\u2019ll Be Treated"
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## How You’ll Be Treated

Deep in their hearts, Renraku executives believe they carry on the bushido code, but doing so takes some leaps in the modern megacorporate environment. Telling themselves they are brave or honorable is one thing; believing they are honest and compassionate is more of a challenge. From a shadowrunner point of view, loyalty may be the most important value they carry. A Renraku Mr. Johnson will remember the good work you do for them, and they are always likely to call on runners they know first rather than chasing after the next new or cheap runner team. They’ll also treat you well, with less of the haughtiness of, say, Aztechnology Mr. Johnsons.

But if loyalty is one of their values, then their chief loyalty is to the corporation. If that requires selling you down the river, they will. One of the most important pieces of advice, then, is don’t make them choose between you and their corp. Shaking down Mr. Johnson over some dirt you dug up can be fun, but Mr. Johnson won’t see it that way. They’ll act on loyalty and preserve the honor and righteousness of their corporation by being brave enough to eliminate you. That’s four of the bushido virtues right there.

**>** Renraku Mr. Johnsons know their territory. They’re usually from the area, rather than paradropped in like some S-K Johnsons, and that can give them a leg up on getting you started on the job. That also makes it easy for them to blend in and disappear if they need to. Their local networks are among the best of any Mr. Johnson you’ll meet.

**>** Traveler Jones
