---
id: PP-0177
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Major Divisions and Subsidiaries
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Major Divisions and Subsidiaries

(This is a small fraction of what they own. We don’t have space for all of it!)

**Mitsuhama Africa:** Africa for All, Lagos Endeavors, PWV Advanced Solutions

**Mitsuhama Asia:** Central Asian Solutions, Gorovetski & Sons Support Services, Xinhung Solutions

- **MCT Australasia:** Kiwi Pharma, Perth Progressive Technologies, Outback Expeditions

- **Mitsuhama Automatronics:** Astin Remote Systems, Drive-Ware Technologies, Elk-Sedge Systems, VOR RoboticsMitsuhama Computers: Aekei Heuristic Technologies, Black Lotus Software, Brainwave Inc., Dolmen Data Systems, Drakensys, DynaTech Systems, Fairlight

- **Mitsuhama Europe:** Caesar Systems of Rome, Parisian Resources Management, Sorovich & Sons

**Mitsuhama Financial Group:** American Family Financial, Bon Vivant Finance, EuroFi, Global Finance, Green Investments of São Paolo, Moscow Money Solutions, Sydney Financial Solutions

**Mitsuhama Industrial Technologies:** Automation System Inc., ExoMining Systems, Mitsuhama-Benguet Mining, Sumitomo Chemicals, Takai Development Corporation, Zen-Marsh Chemicals

- **MCT Latin America:** Mayan Sol, Salazar Independent Operations, Unify, VeraCruz Shipping

- **Mitsuhama Magical Services:** Ambrosius Publications, Apep Consortium, HermeTech Associates, Ipissiumus, Mitsuhama Magical Services, Mitsuhama Thaumaturgical Research, Pentacle (including Pentacle Distributing Inc., Pentacle Press, Pentagram Publishing)

- **MCT Media:** Highstar Inc., MediaSim, Meechi Games, Mitsuhama Media, Mitsuhama Music, Sakura Studios, Soonan Simsense

- **MCT Motion:** Amtrak Incorporated, California Free State Rapid Transit, Front Range Transit International, Mitsubishi Motor Company, Norfolk Southern, SAAB, Sikorsky-Bell, UCASRail

**Mitsuhama North America:** American Art and Culture, Canadian Art and Culture, Chicago Support Services, Mississippi Motion, Mountain High Holdings, Native Solutions, NEMA Advanced Solutions, ZoeyTech

**MCT Safety and Security:** MCT Private Protection Services, MCT Public Protection Services, Mitsuhama Correction Services, Nizhinyl, Parashield, Petrovski Security, Sakura Security, TK Armorsbackdoor access they put in place, they were able to spread the advantage they had created across the globe with brutal efficiency. Being so focused and efficient and full of underhanded advantages meant they were able to put some extra focus on Renraku and Shiawase at home, as they didn’t need the full brunt of their resources dealing with other corps. It was a powerful maneuver that gave them advantages they could utilize across every market around the globe.

They used all of that while taking full advantage of the fear generated by the Megacorporate Audit to press and push their growth at every turn. All of those many advantages (which they made laser focused use of) led MCT to the top spot through the absorption of hundreds of corps—A, AA, and unrated corps alike—which they kneecapped through their ruthless tactics, bought at bargain basement prices, and then gutted for every valuable asset. They rebranded in areas they needed to, bought valued brands in others, and made sure to get the maximum level of exploitation for every move they made. While this wasn’t always perfect, they had successes more than they didn’t.

They not only took over the top, but now dominate the AAA ranks, holding a value greater than the bottom three combined.

They’re going to need a new rating system soon. UltraCorps? SuperMegaCorps? UltraMegaCorps?

- All that combined value bluster is worthless on the Corporate Court. They still have one seat and one vote. And besides, so much of the value is based on stock that a boom in one region and a bust in another can shake up overall value real fast.

- Corp Kurt

This recent look at history needs to include a few other major changes that came with their lightspeed rise to the top. The largest of these changes came with some major internal adjustments in order to fit this growth. They added a few divisions, adjusted the control and ownership of several assets, and set several new divisional heads in key positions. The moves created some serious internal competition, fueling growth but also creating some internal divisiveness that is generating questions about the stability of this megacorporate monster. Continued growth is fully expected, but if this internal strife gets externally manipulated in the right way, MCT could get shattered. Though even the pieces left behind would still be large enough to hold an AAA rating.

- Only one shard, the one that gets their seat on the Court, keeps an AAA rating. If things go bad, there will be a big internal battle to focus on that status, meaning lots of high-risk, high-pay jobs.

- **>** Corp Kurt

MCT has been in the magic game for quite a while, so when talking about their history, we can’t leave out the massive impact thaumaturgical research has had on the megacorp. Despite the tech in their name, MCT is one of the most influential arcane research corps on the planet. They were fast to discover and exploit the value of magic as a commodity even while Japanese culture kept it at arm’s length. They integrated it rapidly into their security plans and worked to formulate new spells, identify new spirits, and, most recently, extend their exploration and exploitation into the metaplanes. They aren’t showing any signs of slowing, either.
