---
id: PP-0017
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Neo-Feudalism With A Twist
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Neo-Feudalism With A Twist

The rise of the megacorporations re-aligned the economy into what’s best labeled neo-feudalism. To understand that, let’s look a old-school feudalism.

There’s some nuance in all this, but the basics are simple: You have two classes, the powerful and the supplicant. The powerful have titles, lands, and money. They decide the affairs of the kingdom, through negotiation, intrigue, and war. They steer the ship of state.

The supplicants cannot hope to compete with the powerful in their stage. They may have assets—a business of their own, some skill in fighting, a few connections here and there, something like that. They may use those to get some degree of comfort or even renown. But in the end, if the powers decide to crush them, they will. The safest position is aligning with one of the major powers instead of challenging them directly. That way, if you raise the wrath of one power, you have another one that might protect you, because being entirely without powerful friends is a terrible place to be.

Sound familiar?

That’s both feudalism and neo-feudalism. One of the key characteristics of both systems is a lack of mobility. You may become a rich supplicant or a poor powerful person, but for the most part that’s not going to push you across the boundary in one way or the other. Sure, people tell stories of someone who advanced—the serf who married into royalty, the daring knight who received a land grant—but those stories have one thing in common: The elevation happened because the nobles granted it. The stories often credit the individual’s traits, such as beauty and fighting skill, but they still depend on the nobles who deigned to share power with them. They cannot take it. They have to be given it.

That’s where we are. Art Dankwalther is perhaps the strongest example of this. He was granted a fortune in Dunkelzahn’s will, and he dedicated his life to screwing around with the AAAs of the world. He couldn’t match the revenue of any megacorp, but he also didn’t have anything close to their overhead. He deployed shadow assets, long-running cons, and whatever else he could come up with to fight the war he had declared.

That war ended when the corporations dropped a pile of money to fire one shot from the sky and take him out.

Dankwalther had billions of nuyen at his disposal, but he couldn’t force his way into the elite club of the powers that be, for the simple reason that they didn’t want him.

Always remember that you can have some small power in this world, but you will never have control.

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [17 x 160] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
14<br>SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

NeoNET was not invaded. Their territory was not conquered. Instead, they were defeated because the Corporate Court simply declared it was so. Then they stripped the corp for parts.

The stability of feudalism depends in large part on a certain order and faith in the continuity of that order. Titles were passed through families, and families kept land and the associated power. Families ruled because they had the divine right to do so; going against their power was going against God.

But in the first run through this system, people couldn’t help but notice exceptions or quirks in this system. The clergy was powerful, but their power wasn’t based on heredity—theoretically, anyone could join and ascend the ranks. A merchant might do a great service to a lord and find themselves to be nobility. A noble might fall in fortunes and favor and have their title taken away. For a God-given system, it seemed quite vulnerable to a lot of tinkering by people on earth.

The most dangerous times for a feudal system are when those who aren’t at the highest parts see weakness and potential instability. That’s when you get an Oliver Cromwell or a Maximilian Robespierre. People get the sense that the supposedly unshakeable and divine order of things is not divine and in fact quite shakeable.

But we’re getting ahead of ourselves. There is another part of the system we need to discuss before we get to the fall of NeoNET and what it means.
