---
id: PP-0190
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Help Wanted
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Help Wanted

Too many runners on the street think that every corp is the same when it comes to working with shadow assets. True, we’re all expendable and deniable, but just like every corp has a culture of its own, they all treat runners in their own distinct manner, especially MCT.

For the world’s largest megacorporation, there are three important points to remember.

1. They pay well. MCT Johnsons have hefty credsticks, and they don’t skimp when it comes to buying talent. The reason for this is best explained in point 2.

1. Whether the job is dangerous or not, it’s always high risk. MCT doesn’t tolerate failure, and that doesn’t mean just failing to accomplish a job. That goes with how the job was done, the risk or scrutiny they may be under after a job, or how the execution of a job might reflect on them were it to come to light they were involved. Failure to meet their standards could lead to a reduction in pay or,

if a particularly poor job is done, a reduction in life span. They don’t have a problem eliminating assets that don’t perform. But if you do …

3. They are always looking out for talent to bring in. Many a runner has hung up their street name and taken an MCT SIN to work internally. It may not be the retirement plan most fantasized about, but it’s a safer and more secure lifestyle that still allows for the occasional adrenaline rush.

If you keep those three things in mind, working for MCT will be a breeze.
