---
id: PP-0292
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Top Talent - The Shiawase Family
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Top Talent

## The Shiawase Family

It’s easy to focus on the big names of the Shiawase main line, but it should be remembered that there are cousins, aunts, uncles, nephews, and more, fanning out for two hundred years, as well as marriages, resulting in over a hundred of them in all. Most of them have been given positions as executives here or there or simply survive on generational money and relax. For example, Rei Shiawase (fourth cousin) is a philanthropist who sanctions art galleries and hosts parties for rising artists, and has nothing at all to do with the corporation’s operation. The family gets larger when we consider adoption.

Every corporation gives the rank of Corporate Citizen to some of its employees. Some, mostly the Japanacorps, have a status that’s even higher than that, a “noble house,” as it were, that can be passed down to one’s children. Shiawase has these, but also has a third option via “adoption.” A citizen who has done something of high import to the corp can be given this status, being allowed to append the name Shiawase to their own, in essence being adopted into the “royal family,” a notch above even the other “noble houses.” Emori Shiawase himself started the tradition in 2010, taking the son of a valued advisor who’d been with him for fifty years under his wing, giving him the name Shiawase as a reward. He took six more like that before he died, one a year, and these seven wound up being the most loyal of Sadato’s fellows when he eventually took over. Since then, it’s been an almost-annual tradition to single out one person for astounding service to adopt into the family. This is done at the annual shareholder’s meeting in Osaka. Needless to say, speculation on who it’ll be is fierce, and the competition is more so. The few years when no one qualifies is a time of great mourning. All this said, there are nearly a thousand people in the corporation who bear the name Shiawase, even if only one small branch stands as blood relations.
