---
id: PP-0016
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: It All Nearly Ended
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## It All Nearly Ended

One of the most important things to remember about the rise of megacorporations is that it was born out of their predecessors’ near-failure. The last year of the previous century saw a dramatic spike in tensions between private assets and the public good. Organized labor and public protests both experienced renewed strength, and corporate profits were stressed by as corporate functionality decreased. They didn’t know how to operate in a reality that was shifting around them. New York City, one of the greatest economic engines in the world at the time, was brought to a standstill. Native Americans in Canada had possession of land with a profitable natural gas pipeline, and they felt they had government approval to keep it. It seemed like one little shift in the wind, some power breezing in to support the little folks, would completely re-arrange the power structures of the world.

Instead, the wind blew the other way.

The Dene tribe of Canada were forced from their land. The Seretech Corporation killed two hundred protestors and subsequently won the right to field its own army, taking the first steps toward extraterritoriality. Rather than deciding that the protests and unrests showed rot at the heart at the system, the rich and powerful decided they hadn’t been using their power strongly enough. So they decided to increase and consolidate it.

It didn’t happen all at once, but in hindsight it seems like a rapid rush. The first Shiawase decision came in 2000, extraterritoriality was introduced in 2001, and just like that, we had megacorporations. That doesn’t mean we fully understood what they were—or what they would become.

- Sometimes, in history, we can rationalize bad outcomes by saying people had good intentions at the time. That’s not at all the case with the Shiawase decisions and the floodgates opening to the megacorporate way. The judges, the politicians, the executives involved, all of them—they sometimes made noise about how what’s good for business is good for the country, but at their heart, they knew this was about building power and keeping the unwashed masses in line. Nothing more.

- Kay St. Irregular
