---
id: PP-0287
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: '> Icarus'
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Icarus

Shiawase Biofoods was a spinoff from Biotech focused, obviously, on food. Shiawase has long been the leader in aquatic farming and in the Japanese staple of rice, but their work on krill revolutionized the food industry almost as much as Renraku’s work on soy. This arm became much more profitable after the famine in Aztechnology a few years back and continues to bring in rock-solid, reliable profits year after year. New flavors are always being developed, as are new delivery methods.

- Wish they could find a way to replicate Amber Gel. Ares rolled it out five years ago, it sold great in test markets, then, poof, it vanished. I’d give my left earlobe for a case of it again.

- Slamm-0!

Shiawase Omnicare was also spun off of Biotech to be a division in and of itself, focusing on medical care, hospitalization, and medicine. They still work closely with their parent, so getting treatment at an Omnicare facility will include the option for Shiawase bioware at an enticing price. This is the arm that had the leónization type II method, which wound up being discontinued after the mental decay it caused was uncovered. Considering how much of a money maker that was, I can’t imagine that they’ll leave it idle for long before getting in there and trying to fix it. Whether or not they can—well, that’s a question.

- Best care I ever had was in an Omnicare bed. An arm, half a leg, and three organs cloned from my own body, skilled physical therapists to get me used to the new parts—hell, they even upgraded my teeth for that perfect smile!

- Stone

- I’m still not certain that there’s a flaw per se. Yamana was working on flushing the old Shiawase citizens who were draining the bottom line, and having them get another century or two of lifespan was going to make it worse. Awfully convenient for him that the flaw was found and was irreversible.

- 2XL



- No, it’s legit. The Shinto arm was well-poised to push for its termination as soon as it was found out, however. They might have gotten some advanced warning. Possibly from the Empress herself.

- KAM
