---
id: PP-0354
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Overview
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Overview

I don’t think we say this enough, so I want to make it clear: Wuxing is dangerous. And I mean to everyone—to us, to smaller corps, to their peer megacorps, _anyone_ . When people think of the scariest megacorps in the world, Wuxing is not often in the top of that list. Aztechnology? Sure. Sadder-Krupp? Quite possibly. Mitsuhama? These days, maybe. But in many eyes, Wuxing sits closer to the Horizon end of the spectrum. Sure, they’re bloodless greed merchants, but that’s part of being a megacorporation, isn’t it? They’ll do their business and chase their profits, and you can try to do your work, and the world will continue turning.

Abandon those thoughts. Wuxing has high ambitions, a wide array of skills, and the ruthlessness to clear out enemies when they need to. Their CEO painted a target on her back by forcing her own husband out of the job, but despite that she has built more support year after year, holding off the considerable powers that want to undermine her. She has managed to get all sorts of corporations agree to loan terms they would never usually accept, and she now faces the daunting but enjoyable task of making them pay up.

When dealing with Wuxing, you have to remember how much care they put into the situations they set up. They plan on levels most people never consider. Sure, everyone knows to look at physical, Matrix, and astral security, but few know how to set up an environment, both physically and astrally, like Wuxing does (I’ve been in a few of their secured areas that make MCT zero-zones look like a playground, and this doesn’tcover what they do with geomancy). Wuxing also has world-class diviners on retainer, and they use what they see to guide their operations. They often act like what they know what’s coming because they’ve already seen it.

So yes, they’re smooth and polite. Yes, a ton of their employees have the demeanors of accountants and insurance adjusters (in part because that’s what a lot of them are). Yes, they do not wear arrogance on their sleeve, and they know the value of cultivating allies, making them seem loyal and kind. But while Aztechnology has impressed those of us in the shadows with the terrible things they can do to your body, Wuxing has the ability to slowly, kindly, crush your soul.

Always remember that. Always be cautious.
