---
id: PP-0105
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: \<<\<2.0 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<\<2.0 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>**

- They make great stuff, and it kills people good. Moving on— sorry, PW.

- Glitch

- No worries; most of what I sent was first-draft drek anyway. Frag, I need to move again. Not sure when I’ll be able to post again.

- Pyramid Watcher

- Good luck and Ghost speed.

- Glitch

- So if they make such great stuff, why don’t we see more of it out there? I mean, don’t people want the best?

- **>** Electric Blue

- That’s exactly right, and that’s why Aztechnology keeps all the really good drek for themselves. They keep all the top-tier gear and hardware, or just sell it to Aztlan, and sell the lower-tier stuff to everyone else. Sell the second-best stuff and use that to fund research for the good stuff. What they **do** sell though is often on par, if not better than, their competitors’ merchandise.

- **>** Kane

- Some would argue that. But Dassault especially has been kicking serious hoop in the aircraft department. And there are rumors that a production version of their Blood Hawk Ninth-Gen fighter may actually come out in a couple of years. If Aztechnology would let the leash off some of their subsidiaries, they’d dominate several mil-spec markets within five years, in my notso-humble opinion.

- Turbo Bunny

- Another thing to remember is that all the research done by the various subsidiaries is filtered back to the main corp and then sent to whatever subsidiary needs it. For example, research data on electronics from, say, Dassault will be sent to ComPac for their Matrix needs. There’s a lot of cross-research going on at any given time.

- Mr. Bonds



**>** Which is currently being coordinated by, wait for it … Special Projects. **>** Rifleman
