---
id: PP-0189
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Plans and Problems - Harvesting!
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Plans and Problems

## Harvesting!

That’s the best word for what MCT is doing in the UCAS. They’ve built a neutral reputation in this shadow of the former United States. With their recent growth and move to the number-one spot, they are in a prime position to gain citizens from a collapsing UCAS. They aren’t looking for the cream of the crop, either. As they expand in the area, they pick up more positions that use manual labor, at least until machines are moved in. They’re looking for anything they can pick up cheaply, including land, buildings, and contracts.

- They aren’t the only corp snagging UCAS citizens, but they are doing it the fastest. They’re even offering hiring bonuses in the forms of free arcology housing and loads of corp scrip. Looks like a great deal versus trying to survive under a collapsing government. And for MCT, it costs practically nothing. Important part is the number of SINs getting transferred

- or created and how good that is for forgers who have been struggling since the registry got all hardcore.

> Turbo Bunny

- The more skilled citizens aren’t always getting a choice. Plenty of work “convincing” individuals to move over on their own volition.

> Rigger X

While MCT may be known as a Japanacorp, they are currently pushing hard to become the largest megacorporate presence in Africa as well. It’s not an easy feat, as Evo also has their eyes on African dominance, SpIn is already heavily entrenched in Northern Africa, Erika is looking to get out of the shadow of S-K in Europe and sees Africa as its potential new home, and UO isn’t going to hand over their valuable DeBeers assets without a corporate war. This is good news for us, but it’s terrible news for Africa. Vast swaths of undeveloped land are about to get ravaged, all so more consumers can buy stuff they’ll throw away after a year. Oh, well, need to focus on the important stuff.

While the fight is on across the continent, certain regions are going to host most major parts of this conflict. The battle with Evo and UO is going to focus on Azania. PWV will see battles over mining and politics, the wilds will see an uptick in arcane research, and Cape Town will certainly be getting bloodied as shipping routes out of the country are fought over. The Sahara is going to see SpIn and MCT scuffle over rights to the sand and what they can pull from it. Erika will be making noise on the Ivory Coast as they dig into boosting the region’s communication hub status.



- MCT is currently trying to develop ties to the Ethiomalian Territories, but they’re keen on keeping everyone at a distance so work is done in the shadows. From everything I’ve heard and the little I’ve seen, the ET shadows are small but serious.

- Pretorian Guard

MCT has a reputation for strip-mining resources and letting the locals suffer the aftermath, and nowhere is that showing to be more evident than in their treatment of the metaplanes. They have ramped up research and development in metaplanar exploration and excavation techniques, putting billions of nuyen on a completely uncharted region with a questionable return on investment.

Some of those billions are going to hire runners, though the focus is often on teams with military or scientific experience over a group of street hoods who decided to team up. But if you are a street hood team, don’t give up. They just might start out by sending you to the worst metaplanes and letting you learn under fire. Which allows them to not pay you when you don’t make it back.

- Any face out there stepping into one of these negotiations needs to get a lump sum and not a per-member fee. Sure, it might promote doing the old cut-and-run from a fallen team member, but it also means they are on the hook even if only a single team member makes it back.

- Fianchetto

- In the case above, if you’re the last surviving member, hire some thugs to cover your hoop, since MCT is just as likely to finish what the metaplane started as they are to pay up.

- Stone
