---
id: PP-0216
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Orito Sasaki - (President)
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Orito Sasaki

## (President)

While Nakatomi is usually seen as the dominant personality within Renraku, don’t mistake Sasaki for a weakling or shrinking violet. He doesn’t intimidate like Nakatomi and he isn’t known for his megawatt charisma, but his approach means he works well with Nakatomi’s infiltrate-and-conquer approach (which is one of the reasons he is sometimes seen as Nakatomi’s yes-man). The important thing to remember about Sasaki is he’s not going where Nakatomi points him—he’s following the data.

Sasaki rose through the ranks of FactFiles, which includes SeaSearch and GridGuide, so he is well aware of the power of data and versed in using it. His leadership focuses on two large questions: What value can we extract from our mountains of data, and where does it tell us to go? He was instrumental in expanding the use of GridGuide data to look at more than sending people ads for new cars or timing ads for when they got home. He had algorithms and AIs poring over travel data looking for patterns, and he came up with insights like the importance of selling back supports and blood-pressure medication to people with long commutes, or looking at travel and shopping patterns to determine when someone will be more likely to make a spur-of-the-moment decision to eat out.

Sasaki does not grab headlines or show up in screamsheet society pages. All he does is grow the company and navigate past potential trouble spots. They could do a lot worse, but the question is if they will settle for that for the indefinite future.

**>** Beware of all the ways Sasaki uses data. Renraku security procedures are regularly analyzed for weaknesses. If you’re lucky, that just means they’ll try to shore up those weaknesses. If you’re unlucky, they’ll leave those weaknesses visible and wait for you to take advantage of them, and then a hidden second line of security will spring into action. Often that line is wearing red helmets.

**>** RRW
