---
id: PP-0337
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Shaheed Zahir
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shaheed Zahir

Zahir has no biography, no title, and no clear reason to be at high-level Spinrad Global meetings. But there he is, same as he often was for Global Sandstorm meetings. He listens, he whispers into certain people’s ears, and he seldom speaks aloud. When he does, the conversation pivots around whatever he says. No matter what room he’s in, people treat him with respect and give him their confidence.

So where did he come from? Is he a spirit, dragon, alchemist, or just a powerful human? Answers about him are tough to come by, but one recent, intriguing piece of information emerged: He has been on the wrong side of Lofwyr for a long time. Crack researchers recently uncovered this excerpt from a 2036 news story as Lofwyr was building what would soon become Saeder-Krupp:

_The great dragon Lofwyr continued the expansion of his corporate empire with two new acquisitions, though a third, Austria’s Ganz Industries, slipped out of his grasp. The dragon thought he had a line on acquiring a majority share of the Ganz stocks, but another bidder, a Mr. Shaheed Zahir, swooped in to buy enough shares to keep Lofwyr from gaining control._

_The dragon refused comment about the last-minute interference._

The story, naturally, contains no further details about Zahir. But we need to remember that in the whole drive to build his empire, Lofwyr tangled with Wilhelmina Graff-Beloit in a fight that has often been blamed for her untimely death, and Spinrad has often been seen as carrying on Graff-Beloit’s fight. If Zahir was involved at this same time, then he and Spinrad might be allies in the same fight.

- Once I read this, I started digging around to see if any stories from the time had an image of Zahir. I found one. It’s not great— only gets about half of his face—but from what I saw, it doesn’t look like Zahir has aged a day in more than forty years.

- **>** Sunshine


work for NeoNET in Chicago when corps began snatching up some of the Containment Zone land, and she showed decisiveness and tenacity in dealing with that ever-changing situation. Her adaptability and confidence will be tested as she responds to Spinrad’s growth and watches out for the new enemies they’ve made from growing so big—and the continuing opposition from old enemies.
