---
id: PP-0136
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Beholden to None - Welcome to the future!
page: 60
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Beholden to None

## Welcome to the future!

Those were the words I was greeted by as I stepped through the automatic electroglass doors of Evo Africa’s headquarters building in JoBurg. They glided across the glass doors, smoothly integrated into my AR, and then slipped into my ears in the sweetest voice I had ever heard.

I understood the schtick. Evo and their various subsidiaries have been pushing out some innovative tech of late and they were about to make another doubter change his tune. I don’t see Evo as a global influencer. They hit niche markets across the globe, but their distance from their Japanacorp youth and proximity to the fringe of the modern population has been a limiting factor. By contrast, their latest efforts are pushing everyone toward them, so I’m just going to toss out the general category of **FutureTech** !

Their innovations fall into three major markets: Transportation, Small Arms, and Bio-Enhancements.

The buzz last year was the literal buzzing sound created by several prototype vehicles coming out of Evo’s production facilities in Azania. This year, those prototypes are hitting the market with huge price tags and a string of anti-tampering devices along with long contracts for those who make the purchase. What you get is a flying personal vehicle that can rapidly shift from low-altitude road operation to flight in seconds. The tech behind it is some

- Those zeps are a target for Wuxing and Maersk, as they would hurt their ocean shipping market and make great competitors for current zep and over-the-road transports.

- The Smiling Bandit
