---
id: PP-0247
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Chemicals
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chemicals

Saeder-Krupp has a constant need for basic and specialized chemicals and chemical products. So S-K orders them from companies like AG Chemie (still one of the world’s biggest chemical corps), Zeta-ImpChem, DowDuPont, or sometimes even from Aztech, Ares or MCT. S-K does have their own chemical companies, but their output is not enough to satisfy all of their demands. This has more to do with the composition rather the size of S-K’s chemical assets. Saeder-Krupp is one of the few last big crude oil producers, and they also refine said oil. As the need for fuel was reduced in the last decades (due to fuel efficiency, hybrid and electric engines, and regenerative energy sources), more crude oil then before is used by the petrochemical industry, which turns it into polymers such as plastics or ethanol. But as demands for those products are higher then ever, S-K is also heavily invested in biofuels, bioplastics, and coal liquefaction. While S-K also needs these products, they often ship these processed petrochemical products to other chemcorps, who use them to make other chemical products and compounds.

S-K’s remaining chemical capacity is consolidated in subsidiaries like **Krupp Chemicals** , **Norsk Hydro** , **Triox** , **Undine Processing** , and **Volvox Industrial Chemicals** . With some notable exceptions, they all produce and process chemicals for industrial applications rather than consumer products. This includes chemicals for the pharmaceutical, textile, and automotive industries; metallo-plastics and composites (including smart materials) for the cybertechnology, construction, and electronics industries; specialty coatings and other performance products such as car paints; polymers such as leather chemicals, varnishes, pigments, and adhesives; and specialized chemicals used for mining and fracking, or metal and material processing. A significantly smaller part of S-K’s chemical capacities, nonetheless an important and heavily guarded one, is employed for the production and processing of the materials and chemicals used for running fusion and fission power plants, like heavy water, uranium, and super-heavy hydrogen (tritium).
