---
id: PP-0371
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Plans and Problems - Journey to the West
page: 169
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Plans and Problems

## Journey to the West

Although Wuxing’s doing their best to conduct a shadow war against Maersk’s operations in the Algonkian-Manitou Council (and are happy to hire runners who are willing to travel), blowing up a few rail lines isn’t going to be enough to maintain their hold on the market in the face of Maersk’s expansion. To do that, Wuxing’s going to need to find ways to trade in the heart of Europe the way Maersk is doing in Asia. Their arrangement to ship cargo through the Suez and Mediterranean to Spain is one option, but I’ve seen some paydata that suggests they’re looking for other alternatives. One of the projects they mentioned is called the “Journey to the West.” If it is what I think it is, the name comes from an ancient Chinese novel about a Buddhist pilgrim who travels to India and Central Asia.

- I wouldn’t have taken you for a literature nerd.

- Sounder

- I’m not. It’s just that that novel’s as well-known among Chinese speakers as Shakespeare is in English.

- Jimmy No

Assuming I got the reference right, it would mean that Wuxing’s looking to expand their freight business into Europe via the Middle East. I don’t know exactly how going through India and Central Asia would help them do that besides it being generally in the right direction, but I’m sure someone else on here can fill in the blanks.

- I don’t think it would. It sounds to me like they’re trying to reach the New Silk Road to get through Turkestan and into Russia, but that whole line is controlled by Saeder-Krupp and Evo.

- Red Anya

- If they’re already in bed with SpinGlobal, they could go through Pakistan into Iran and East Anatolia instead. Or at least, they’d have a better chance of making those arrangements if they had Global Sandstorm brokering the deal for them.

- Goat Foot

I do know that if Wuxing wants to move anything by land, they’re going to have to deal with the headache of trying to negotiate for passage with the various splinter nations that occupy the Chinese mainland—which brings me to the next point.
