---
id: PP-0374
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Help Wanted
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Help Wanted

If you’re going to work for Wuxing, you’re going to be asked to do some weird things. It’s not that the jobs themselves are that weird—the missions themselves are often quite straightforward— but they’ll ask you do do certain things in weird and not entirely intuitive ways. For example, on an infiltration target, you might be asked to approach the facility only from the north. Your rigger may be told where or where not to park their vehicles. Conjurers may receive specific guidance on what type of spirits to summon and when.

As with most things in the shadows, the trick is knowing when to follow this advice and when not to. For the most part, you absolutely should. Wuxing diviners, geomancers, and so forth are the best in the world, and when they give you advice, it’s for a reason. For the most part, their advice will make your job go easier as forces align around you. You’ll find unexpected boosts and bits of luck going your way, like a drowsy security guard or a malfunctioning alarm. In most circumstances, Wuxing wants things to go your way, so let them help you.

As we all know, though, sometimes we’re set up to fail. The directions you’re given could make things more difficult for you or bring different obstacles into play. We’re all wise enough to double-check the instructions Mr. Johnson is giving us to make sure they’re workable—at least, I hope we are—but what do we do with directions where the outcome of following them is not clear?

Like anything else, you need sources. If you don’t have someone who knows spirit (or is a spirit themselves), find one, and have them evaluate the manasphere, ley lines, and spirit presence in the area you’re working in, and compare them to your directions. It will cost you extra if you don’t have in-house expertise, but dead and rich is still dead.

- In particular, get someone who knows how to check the manasphere for recent changes. A lot of times, Wu shamans will have paved the way for your work, so gaining some insight into what they did can help you understand why they did it.

- **>** Ethernaut

With that said, let’s look at some of the particular areas for work.
