---
id: PP-0182
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: '> Balladeer'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## > Balladeer

Both **VOR Robotics** and **Automation System Inc.** make sure their fellow heavy industry subsidiaries get the best equipment and automation software on the market. Oftentimes by stealing code and tech from rivals. Currently, Azania is home to a shadow corporate war between MCT and Evo. The former is trying to get access or reverse-engineer tech from the latter that was created by monads. Extractions of monad scientists and targets are commonplace, but so are self-destructing devices and monads who seem all docile and calm but have the nanoboost potential to take down a squad of kamikazed-up trolls. It’s ugly and entertaining, but jobs to snag these goodies are the best of all and they pay a drekton of nuyen.

All of this hardware and software also gets sent across the globe and all over the metaplanes. Hijacking feeds, installing spy code, hitching a secret ride, and redirecting payloads are just a few of the many entertaining ways to use these corps.

> Be aware that this stuff is life or death for some meat teams crossing into the unknowns. Consider the moral implications. > Ire

> Will you all stop saying drek like that? We’re shadowrunners. If we frag up the lives of others in a way that’s outside our moral viewpoints, we can manage the back end. Sometimes that back end leaves things better than before.

Case in point: Callie and Derika Osserfund are the wife and daughter of Drage Osserfund, who died in a re-entry mishap due to a technical failure. Failure was caused by Wren, a goodhearted hacker working in PWV. She saw the results and then hacked some extra funds to go to Callie and Derika, all while finding out Callie and Derika both had numerous medical visits while Drage was home between assignments. Turns out he was an abuser and rapist, but had Wren managed to keep him alive during re-entry, they’d still be suffering.

So worry less, work more. We can’t control most of what’s happening out there, and we shouldn’t be asked to.

> Stone

> Mitsuhama-Benguet is having all sorts of trouble with their sites and spirits. They pissed off some spirits somewhere, and now word has gotten out through the astral grapevine. It’s becoming a small-scale war.

> Lyran

- To make it more interesting, Evo is trying to mend things for them but doing a drek job because they already have a poor rep on the astral with the fragton of damage they’ve done to metaplanes they’ve pillaged.

- KC

Financial services are usually boring, but there’s money in it for runners with a solid hacker on the team who doesn’t mind putting boots in the compound. MCT is growing financial firms like crazy and funding all if it on some sketchy internal lattice that is making up values.

**American Family Financial** is sapping the UCAS and CAS of every bit of property they can by offering seriously low rates to people who can’t afford soykaf.

**Bon Vivant Finance** has made it their goal to financially back every major wine producer in France while at the same time supporting runs that sabotage production and distribution.

**EuroFi** is trying to duck and dodge battles with the bigger European financial corps while picking up real estate that they use for travel sharing. It looks all up and up with MCT employees owning the property and sharing it out but when it’s empty, they are using it for corp operative and runner safehouses.

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**Global Finance** is a walnut tree because they are producing shells like mad. GF is occasionally found at 4 or 5 different shell levels as GF Finance, GF Financial, GF Financing, etc. I’m not sure of the game, but it sure makes tracking ownership of things tough when you need to keep hacking hosts for related companies that warn their security you may be on your way.

**Green Investments of São Paolo** is snagging swathes of land all over South America. In Amazonia it’s mostly favelas, but across the rest of the continent it’s rainforest, ruins, mines, lakes, rivers, and thousands of kilometers of coastal property, most of it seemingly worthless.

Recently he has been hopping all over the UCAS and CAS. His main focus has been working to continue to undermine the crumbling UCAS while strengthening ties with the growing power of the CAS. From internal memos, he sees the CAS taking back the remnants of its northern neighbor, and MCT wants to be poised to help out.

- The Ares vacuum has been a great source of work via MCT. Teeg is scooping up not just property and businesses in the UCAS but also garnering additional citizens.

> Stone

- Aren’t property and citizens synonyms in MCT?

> Glitch

> This kind of money can make any coastal property a major money maker—you just need to invest and be willing to wait for the profits. MCT could wait a century at this point.

- Glasswalker

**Moscow Money Solutions** is a big deal broker but does little to grow its own portfolio. From what I can tell, MMS does the favors and then lets other subsidiaries call them in.

Down under, **Sydney Financial Solutions** is growing their investment portfolio and making the wealthy of Sydney even wealthier. How this helps MCT down the road is in a bigger picture than I can see, but it’s there. A lot of wealth is being gathered in SFS, and wealth with nowhere to go is always a target for someone.
