---
id: PP-0244
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Heavy Industry
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Heavy Industry

When people use the term “Saeder-Krupp Heavy Industries,” they actually refer to the **Krupp Group** , or _Krupp-Gruppe_ . It is the heart and core of Saeder-Krupp and is the base of much of its corporate culture. I mean, the _Villa Hügel_ , the mansion of the old Krupp family, is literally standing inside(!) the S-K Main Arcology in Neu-Essen. But even on its own, the Group would be an impressive AA-corp. It is organized into several divisions, including **Krupp Chemicals** (Industrial and Consumer Chemicals), **Krupp Manufacturing** (heavy industry), **Krupp Munitions** (armament; essentially what Saeder Munitions became), **Krupp Robotics** (industrial robots) and **Krupp Specialist Engineering** (heavy equipment/mining). These divisions are all further diversified and consist of several divisions and subsidiaries on their own. So, for example, Krupp Manufacturing has the following divisions: _Krupp Materials_ (steel production, metals), _Krupp Automotive_ (industrial and utility vehicles), _Krupp Marine Systems_ (submarines, aircraft carriers), _Krupp Technologies_ (prefabricated parts, elevators, hydraulic equipment) and _Krupp Nanofabrication_ , though the last one’s production was put on hold due to CFD (but they are working to bring it back). The Krupp Group and its divisions can be found on every continent.



But S-K owns several other heavy industry conglomerates, like the Strasbourg-based **Barytech** , which is active in basically every French-speaking country. Another one is **Konglomerat Przemysłowo-Wydobywczy** ( _Industrial and Mining Conglomerate_ in English), the biggest producer of coal, steel and chemicals in Poland, which already expanded into Eastern Germany, Slovakia, Belarus, and Ukraine. Detroit-based **Central Industrial** is the newest heavy-industry company under the S-K umbrella. Like the Krupp Group, it is organized in divisions like CI Engineering (industrial machinery), CI Construction (was famous for its nanitebuilt houses), CI Armaments (military vehicles and equipment), CI Autonomous Systems (drones), CI Shipyards (former Norfolk Naval Shipyard), and CI Aerospace (civil and military planes).
