---
id: PP-0296
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Daiki Shiawase
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Daiki Shiawase

Tadashi’s firstborn son and heir apparent to the throne, Daiki’s cut form the same cloth as his father. Twenty-five years younger, with a younger man’s height and broad shoulders and jet-black hair, he’s nearly a clone of his father and has been following in his footsteps his entire life. He’s the Chosen One, after all, and his entire life’s been laid out before him since before it began. Somehow, he’s never rebelled, and simply followed along like the dutiful son he is, doing everything his father demanded and doing it well. He married an office lady (who just _happened_ to be the daughter of a well-placed executive in a noble house) and has three kids of his own, all of whom are following the family path.

Look, Daiki’s boring. I know you want me to say he’s a wizard or half-dragon or a cyberzombie, but he’s just Japanese Business Executive Stock Model Number One, just like his father, and there’s not a damn thing I can do about it. The man doesn’t even have a tattoo!

- While that’s true, he does have one small vice: baseball. He’s a diehard fan of the Tokyo Giants and frequents the Shiawase private booth on the regular. If you ever get to see him smiling and shaking hands with players, you’ll see a man just having the time of his life. It’s the one and only time he sets the perfect mask aside and geeks out.

- Kat-o’-Nine-Tales

- SOMEbody’s got stories!

- SeaTac Sweetie

that whatever they did to him in the womb made him the way he is today, a predictive math savant who is used by Tadashi to forecast good investments. True? Not true? Great story!

- Dr. Spin

- His own **kids** ?! I knew Tadashi was cold blooded, but that’s … beyond.

- Slamm-0!

- It’s also par for the course for autistic kids—people are always looking for some weird intervention to explain them, rather than simply letting them be who they are.

- Winterhawk

- Shiawase has been at the cutting edge of genetic manipulation since the ’40s. Three gene-erations, if you’ll pardon the wordplay. It wouldn’t be surprising if they looked for ways to boost their family line.

- The Smiling Bandit

- And selective breeding before that. Remember that Shiawase in-house marriages are the norm, all done through central genetics, looking to create the ideal corporate bloodline for executives, researchers, and so on. At least a century.

- KAM
