---
id: PP-0254
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Consumer Goods and Services
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Consumer Goods and Services

S-K’s consumer goods branch is quite small compared to nearly every other AAA. This has to do with the fact that most of S-K’s companies are active in the B2B (business-to-business) sector, instead of B2C (business-to-consumer). When S-K owns a store, a shopping mall, or something similar, it’s often by accident, not intent. And even their actual goods often don’t generate the hype and excitement a new Renraku cyberdeck does (except when it’s a new car by BMW, perhaps). Corporations like **Siemens** , **ATT,** or **Phillips** make all sorts of home appliances like dishwashers, autocooks, household drones, and electric shavers. They and **Siemens-Nixdorf** also put out various electronics and home entertainment devices like trideos, commlinks, cyberdecks, gaming consoles, and Matrix terminals

**>** I know, it’s hard to distinguish Siemens from Siemens-Nixdorf. The latter was spun off from the former. While they share the Siemens name, they have nothing else in common (except being owned by S-K). Rule of thumb: If it’s big, like heavy machinery or a train, it’s from Siemens; when it’s a cyberdeck, commlink, terminal, or some sort of software, it’s usually from SiemensNixdorf. This rule does not apply to RCCs, which are made by Siemens as part of their mobility division.

**>** Glitch

There is also a small line of cyber-, bio- and geneware (offered by **Advanced Frontier Cybernetics** , **Siemens** , and **Micronetics** ). They are often more functional than aesthetic, often made for extreme working conditions or tasks, including various industrial cyberware, which is often directly implanted in S-K factory workers. The same applies to S-K’s fashion brands; form follows function (a nicer way to say that they generally look quite bland), and they often make working clothes.

In 2071 S-K acquired the GeMiTo-based police and military company **Centurion** —which should not be confused with Seattle-based Centurion Security, owned by Jonathan Blake. The company formed after the Euro Wars from Italian police and military personnel and was eventually bought by Esprit Industries. When Aztech made their hostile takeover of Esprit via Dassault, S-K managed to cut out Centurion and made it pose as an independent A-level-corp. They offer a full and an “enhanced” service, where they only provide the special units, like CSI or Awakened investigative teams, while the local government provides the basic police. On the other side, they offer a military policing service for unstable areas like the Balkans or Africa, like the UN peacekeepers once did.
