---
id: PP-0023
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'A Ranking: Multinational'
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A Ranking: Multinational

Technically, any corporation operating in two or more nation-states with operations that cross borders are multinational. The reality is that size matters. There are smaller national and multinationals with various ratings from B to Junk, reflecting the Corporate Court Security and Exchange Commission’s (CCSEC) rating of the corporations’ credit, assets, revenue. Anything less than A-status doesn’t really matter to the CCSEC. A-ranked corporations may be called megacorporations in light of their size and scope, but they aren’t in the eyes of the law and those who matter. What matters is that they have the credit, assets, and revenue to maintain standing lines of credit and accounts with the Z-O Bank, and they can petition the Court to hear a dispute (the Court cannot reject megacorporations’ petitions sight unseen, at least not officially). They also get to field their own armies, the original perk of megacorporate status.

A-status multinationals are the most dangerous predators in the corporate waters because they are big enough to destroy anyone reading this without a thought, but small enough for the Big Ten and even some AAs like Yakashima and Mærsk to do the same to some of them. On top of that, there are many hungry A corps that used to be at the top of the heap within living memory of their older and disappearing owners and execs—Nestlé (part of Zeta-ImpChem), Wal Mart, and Cross (once a AAA and near equal competitor with Ares). Others have been humbled quite recently as a result of the Revision—Telestrian, Hyundai and Yang Su,

CONTENTSand Genesis Consortium. As with many corporate machinations at the moment, legacy and ambition are forces that will bear out some great and terrible things before the end of this century.
