---
id: PP-0026
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: SIN Registration
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SIN Registration

Under the Business Recognition Accords, SIN registration is an inherent sovereign power of every signatory state and every megacorporation. Each state gets to decide the criteria for granting a SIN, and citizenship, and no other signatory power can strip that from a sovereign power. The format for SINs has been standardized over the decades, and the Global SIN Registry is one of those things that people insist will happen at some point, sometime.

What matters as far as you’re concerned is that SINs bestow citizenship. There are hundreds of millions of megacorporate employees, but the number of corporate citizens is relatively small. One can spend a lifetime working for Ares and never become a citizen. One may also be recruited to work for Apple, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ares and Ares Consumer Products, with Ares citizenship as an enticement. The top-level megacorps decide who makes the cut. In the last decade, that has expanded beyond metahumanity to a privileged number of metasapients and synthetic intelligences. About the only thing that can’t become a citizen is a business entity itself (some lawyer got a nice bonus for catching this exception and slipping the prohibition into the BRA).

- The corps very much want us to see getting a SIN as some kind of privilege, but it’s for their benefit, not ours. The amount of

tracking they can do is vast—how you travel, where you tend to stop, how your earnings trend over a lifetime, when you make major purchases, etc. They also track movements to help them find spies and saboteurs, or look for who might be fixing to cause trouble by being somewhere they’re not supposed to be. SINs are a huge part of their law-enforcement mechanism, because if you look in detail to the history of behavior by a certain SIN holder, you frequently can find a way they broke one of your laws. Then you have leverage over them. **>** Sunshine
