---
id: PP-0084
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Inside Contact
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Inside Contact

You have a contact in Ares—Knight Errant, specifically—who can affect how any law enforcement group treats you. Your clout may not allow you to get away with anything and everything, but it can make some of the more challenging parts of the law-enforcement system smoother.

NERPS! NERPS for white tusks! NERPS for bad breath! NERPS for unmatched softness! NERPS for ten percent more fidelity! NERPS for shock absorbtion! NERPS for a bold new flavor! NERPS for that new car smell! NERPS for form-fitting! NERPS for three percent extra kilometers! NERPS for a bushier mustache! NERPS for downrange accuracy! NERPS for toenail fungus! NERPS for dangling off your back bumper! NERPS for splitting headaches! NERPS for rust! NERPS for grout! NERPS for president!

**Cost:** 12 Karma

**Game Effect:** When you choose this quality, you receive a Knight Errant contact with Connection 2, Loyalty 2. In order to use the benefits of this quality, you a) have to be arrested or detained by law enforcement, and b) you have to be able to reach out to that contact, either by commcall, message, or some other fashion. If those prerequisites are met, the PC gets +2 dice on any social tests with any law-enforcement or criminal-justice people connected to their current situation. The contact can only be used in this way once per week.
