---
id: PP-0295
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Empress Hitomi
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Empress Hitomi

How telling is it when the Empress of Japan only rates the third position in a list of Shiawase personalities? Tadashi’s once-wayward daughter got tamed by marriage and grew into the role, shocking pretty much everyone who knew her as a wild college kid and, according to rumor, a decent decker. There are a _lot_ of rumors about her, but any evidence of that time in her life vanished

in the Second Crash, and she’s been as unwilling to talk about it as anyone has been to ask about it. These days, her primary function is to stand by the Emperor and look regal, but anyone who thinks that she’s content to be a prop is a fool. The Empress has all the resources of the Empire at her fingertips, and while those resources must be strummed gently, like the strings of a harp, she’s quite a masterful musician. You can find her influence in the board of directors, where her votes are technically cast by others, but everyone knows who’s behind the choices. Take, for example, the push for Virtuakinetic acceptance across Japan, including a school opened with her personal blessing to take in and train them. She’s the serene swan, gracefully gliding across the surface of a pond, with no one aware of what churns beneath.

- Decker my ass—she was a full-blown Otaku, but one from a different source than us.

- Puck

- We have a couple of fragments from pre-Crash 2.0 that suggest she was good but, well… fragments.

- Glitch

- And then there’s the vampire baby.

- Plan 9

- Oh, here we go.

- Snopes

- Hitomi’s second pregnancy was troubled. What nobody talks about is how she had a vampire baby! It was drawing blood from her through the umbilical cord!

- Plan 9

- … Yes, that’s what a fetus does. Congrats on passing Bio 101?

- Beaker

- No, not like **that** , like a real vampire! When she gave birth, it got replaced with a “clean” baby that wouldn’t taint the royal line. The real one’s locked under Kyoto castle. Feral beast, but you can’t **kill** it since it’s half-divine by the father.

- Plan 9

- And how, exactly, did she get a vampire baby?

- Snopes

- Sources are mixed on that. But that it exists? Unity!

- Plan 9

- For the record, I disagree with 9’s assessment.

- Plan 10

- There’s hope for you yet.

- Snopes
