---
id: PP-0161
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Consensus.
page: 77
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Consensus.

The algorithm, and the massive input from the citizens of Horizon, seem to be the missing link in the market-prediction puzzle. It makes sense, as the people create a vast pool of subjects that can be used to represent the global markets by looking at what they desire from the near future.

- This isn’t common knowledge, which is why the value of Checkpoint and Colbert remain stable. If this information was proven and released, the value of these two corps would nosedive in a blink.

- Mr. Bonds

Horizon leads the world’s AAA megacorporations in the field of social consciousness, probably because most of the other AAAs are about as socially conscious as a behemoth on kamikaze. The Draco Foundation could give them a run for their nuyen, but **The Horizon Project** , the corp that started it all, is the tip of the spear when it comes to the philanthropic war on social inequality. They give away more money each year than most A-rated corps are worth. Keeping Horizon private helps to preserve secrecy around this effort, but those in the shadows have a really good idea what’s going on.

The Horizon Project mixes socially forward and conscientious endeavors with their own quiet grey and black deals in the locales they touch. A recent donation to the NAN set a geosynchronous satellite over the Sioux Nation to provide improved Matrix communications for schools in rural locations. The satellite was inspected and verified safe by the Sioux Nation before it was launched by **Horizon Transglobal** . Due to weather (on a clear day) the launch was delayed by fifteen minutes. In those fifteen minutes, a team of runners quietly infiltrated the launch site and modified the satellite. Now Horizon has a spysat sitting directly over a geological, political, and arcane hotbed. They’ve got Sioux/UCAS border relations and the Yellowstone Caldera under their watchful eye in the sky.

I’m sure a few of their projects are not covers, but I’d put that number under ten percent of operations, maybe even five percent.

- The money on these jobs is often better than normal. They pay a little more to assure the job stays quiet on the front and back end. Having their philanthropic gigs tied to black and grey ops would require some extra spin on the back end, and they would like to avoid that.

- **>** Fianchetto

- As any smart corp would, they plan to keep it quiet and pay for that option, but they prepare contingencies on the back end. These plans are common targets of their competition—partially as a way to snag some dirt, but more for a line to get ahead of them if things go sideways. Being able to plan your own counterspin in advance is a serious leg up when things go bad.

- **>** Dr. Spin

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
