---
id: PP-0369
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Fu Peng
page: 167
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fu Peng

I talked a little bit about Fu Peng in the section on Wu Lung-wei. What I said up there probably makes it sound like Fu’s some kind of evil spirit that has the former Wuxing CEO under its malign influence. The thing is, for all we know, that’s exactly what’s happening. As Wu Lung-wei is consumed by his obsession with magical artifacts, Fu Peng seems to be making a play to consolidate the remaining pro-Wu (or really, anti-Sharon) executives under his control. He still attends every single board meeting, and the meeting minutes I’ve seen show that he goes out of his way to be a malcontent, digging his heels in against every suggestion that Sharon and Harper-Smythe make while urging the board to pursue “darker,” less moral directions in their operations.

- You say that like the corps give a drek about morality in the first place.

- Old Crow

- Of course they don’t, but most of them at least pretend to care about it to avoid any negative PR. Fu Peng’s pushing to abandon that charade entirely.

- Jimmy No

The most concerning part for Sharon and Harper-Smythe is that Fu Peng can make a convincing argument that he speaks for Wu Lung-wei, letting him imply that Sharon’s move to oust Wu was based completely on selfish interest—which it might have been, but it’s still worked out well for the corp. Fu has also demanded that the board vote to increase funding for the Special Acquisitions department that Wu Lung-wei “oversees.”

- As bids to increase your own power goes, that one’s pretty blatant.

- Baka Dabora
