---
id: PP-0058
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Myth
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Myth

Let me pass the mic to our psychologist, here. Icarus?

Thanks, Glitch. The Ares zeitgeist is easy to overlook because it’s all around you at all times. Like a fish in the ocean, you don’t notice it beARES MACROTECHNOLOGY // ARES OF EXPERTISE


**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

cause it’s been around you for your entire life. Anyone can sell you a detachable magazine, but Ares branded them as Clips™ and made everyone believe that they were the best. They don’t sell you cars, they sell you freedom. They don’t absorb the populace into national slogans, they promote traditional values and patriotism. Take a moment to look at the names and brands of choice in Ares (a name which, in and of itself, draws upon Greek mythology). Everyone knows that Ares in the god of war, physically perfect, macho, and unbeatable, right? Chiseled marble and all that?

Nope!

Ares was a coward, the god of slaughter, who could never beat his far-smarter sister, Athena, and he routinely had to beg for mercy after failing in yet another scheme to gain power.

But you don’t want that truth. You want the story. You want the _myth_ . And that, at the end of the day, is what Ares sells you. ’Murica Burgers using beef imported from Australia, with a side invented in Belgium made of a vegetable perfected in Peru, things you could make at home for half the cost (a tenth if you use flavored soy), and healthier to boot, but that screaming eagle atop the sign? The stars and stripes? The Lady Liberties at the register and the Uncle Sams in the kitchen? All part of the experience. They want you to take a bite out of a nostalgic time that never existed, when the United States of America was a paragon of nobility and strength, never mind the genocidal attempts against the first nations, the racism, the corruption … no, you want the lie, and you’re willing to pay fifteen nuyen for the myth.

- Hey! The Patriot Meal’s on special right now for just ten nuyen!

- Slamm-0!

- By the way, Fred, Sprout-0’s been getting chubbier and chubbier since I’ve been working. We talked about not getting him hooked on junk food. No more Joy Meals.

- Netcat

- But! But! They come with cool toys!

- Slamm-0!

- They’re supposed to be for him, not you, Fred.

- Bull

With the great success that Ares had in the UCAS, they exported that culture all over the world. For those of you who’ve never gone outside of your homeland, most large stores overseas have an “American Food” section for things promoted by Ares: Cheezey Chews, Jerk Soda, Ohio Cookies, Shotgun Beer, Sugar Overload Cereal, even Outlaw Cigarettes. Ares doesn’t grow anything, but they buy plenty of raw materials to process into the junkiest of food, usually filled with high-frucAREStose corn syrup. They shape it, flavor it, paint it bright colors, and market it all over the world. If you’ve never left the UCAS, you have no idea what bread is supposed to taste like.

**>** It … just tastes like bread?

**==> picture [23 x 7] intentionally omitted \<==**

**>** No. No it most certainly does not.

That’s just one small arm of the overall Ares octopus. Break off one arm, and it’ll grow into another conglomerate, sometimes stealing food from the parent corp to feed itself. Yes, that’s starfish biology, not cephalopod, but the important thing is that it’s a giant monster of contradictions that competes with and sometimes strangles itself, while spreading over the countryside. That’s just how Knight liked it, so that’s what it became.

**>** Traveler Jones

In no way can this so-called “food” be considered nutritious … in many ways, it’s actively harmful. It’s anti-food. But Ares has taken the myth of America, folded it into a colorful package, and sold it worldwide. Before the UnAmericans kick back and chuckle, you should know that Ares is a worldwide megacorp, and its tendrils are in every nation, some waving the red, white, and blue, but others are quite happy to wave the local colors and use local myths to sell you products. Fine British Tea of London, makers of fine British tea? Aresowned. Sun King Cutlery, the finest utensils in all of Europe? Ares. Sun Tzu Military Academy? Anansi Matrix Solutions? Toque Hortons? All Ares.

**>** NOT TOQUE HORTONS!!! NO! **>** Operator Bastard

I’ll be here if there are questions, but for now, time to pass the mic back to MC Glitch.

Thanks, Icarus. Unlike Aztechnology, who hides everything under a hundred layers of ownership, or Renraku, who integrates sub-corporations into their overall distribution network and efficient corporate oversight, Ares is a chaotic whirlwind of ownership, where different branches are simply told, “Be profitable,” and left to their own devices. They sometimes work together, they usually work alone, and sometimes they compete directly against one another. Under Damien Knight’s leadership, the thought process was that the stone sharpens the blade, so pitting subsidiaries against one another was good for both. And if one happened to sink? Well, survival of the fittest. It was a ruthless corporate style that let the most cold-blooded rise over a ladder of bloody corpses and shuttered businesses. Trying to explain the org chart of a single Ares subsidiary will drive a Saeder-Krupp executive to tears in under ten minutes. Why does this movie production company own a box manufacturer? And a chain of shoe stores? A ten percent stake in two different noodle delivery services? A baseball team for fourth graders? And just bought a family-owned exotic tropical fish store when the owner died and his husband didn’t want to stay around the memories? How does this work?!

**>** <Stares in horror> **>** Baka Dabora
