---
id: PP-0342
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Queen Caroline
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Queen Caroline

Once upon a time, Johnny Spinrad and then-Princess Caroline seemed like they were on

their way to marriage, when socialite Claudia Romanov announced she was carrying Spinrad’s child. We could do a deep dive into the ins and outs of what actually happened there, but for now the main outcome that matters is that Spinrad and Caroline’s relationship was abruptly severed.

So there’s some history there. But it would be a mistake to view Queen Caroline as some kind of spurned woman, eternally seething at the man who did her wrong. She is a queen in full and has moved on with her life in just about every way possible. While she is not operating out of bitterness or jealousy, she knows that Johnny Spinrad has significant power in her part of the world, and she knows full well what kind of a man he is.

Queen Caroline believes that to know Spinrad deeply is to worry about him holding _too_ much power. If he were a magnate in charge of a company selling his personal lifestyle, that’s one thing. But to have him running one of the ten most powerful organizations in the world is a concern. The Queen retains some connections in Spinrad’s inner circle, and she uses them to keep tabs on him and his plans. Will he use his position to take more powerful shots at his longtime rival Lofwyr? Will he gobble up UK corps to extend his foothold there? Will he destabilize any European governments to help him get his way? All of those are matters of concern to Queen Caroline, as well as areas where she is willing to interfere to keep him from becoming too big for his considerable britches.

- There’s a fight brewing as Spinrad looks to gain shares of Amalgamated Technologies and Telecommunications, which has a substantial media presence in the UK. Saeder-Krupp is the majority owner of the corp, and Queen Caroline is very much not interested in Spinrad having more of a voice in media in her nation, so Spinrad has a huge hill to climb here. The fact that they are even thinking of attempting it makes me think that something is up his sleeve.

- Kay St. Irregular


his headquarters, responses are building. Portugal has no desire to lose the headquarters and is preparing a full-court press to keep Spinrad in place. Lofwyr in no way wants to see Spinrad triumph in New Monaco. And the political leaders of Monaco don’t want to see their city turned into a corporate battleground. There will be plenty of jockeying and maneuvering to either put Spinrad Global in a good position to move in or to bar the door to them for a few more years at least.
