---
id: PP-0186
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Strange Gang War Erupts
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Strange Gang War Erupts

A dozen are dead and at least twice that have been rushed to local hospitals after a gunfight broke out at the Kyoto Go tea house in central Kyoto. The tea house is a well-known Yakuza meeting ground but has long been considered neutral territory among the various rengo. What has this inquisitor most intrigued is the participants in this so-called gang war.

They are all part of the same gang. Eyewitness reports and local trid footage show a small group of similarly affiliated members go from a simple argument to a full-blown shootout in an instant. Could this be the influence of magic? Could this be a breakdown in our very own Yakuza? Could this have been some mass infiltration from monads, insect spirits, shedim, etc.?

At this time, this reporter doesn’t know, but the digging is about to begin in earnest.



- There is some kind of schism, and it looks like any Yaks still on the side of MCT are getting targeted.

> Red Anya

- Looks like the end of an era. No more Yakuza MCT connection. Crazy times.

- Slamm-0!

- Looks like a great way for MCT to clean out anyone disloyal. All they need to do is fund their own allies, and this internal war is going to just be an extermination.

- Stone

- Except other forces are at play here too. Money is coming at both sides of this issue from inside and outside MCT. The shadows are raking in the dough, but the chaos on the streets is going to take its toll.

- Glitch
