---
id: PP-0110
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Domingo Chavez
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Domingo Chavez

One of Aztechnology’s old guard, Chavez is now well into his nineties. He’s a magician (rumored to be an initiated blood mage) with a reputation for behaving like the proverbial bull in the china shop. Known for his aggressive stances on just about everything, Chavez favors direct action and force whenever possible; he was a staunch supporter of the war and subsequent pacification efforts in Bogotá. He’s equally famous for aggressively securing his own personal power. Only the direct efforts of President/CEO de la Rosa have kept him out of any serious trouble.

- Chavez used to be one of de la Rosa’s biggest enemies on the board, but that changed once de la Rosa found her spine. The extra stock options she gave to Chavez afterward didn’t hurt either.

- Marcos

No matter what the situation is, Chavez seems to prefer full-frontal assaults **\<<\<1.1 MP removed/ archived by SysOp-01>>>** … which hasn’t exactly endeared him to his fellow board members. In fact, recent data suggests that at least two attempts to remove Chavez have been executed, and failed.

- Found this little tidbit and thought I’d share before getting back on the old datatrails. Seems there may be more going on behind the scenes, going farther back in Tenochtitlán than we realized.

- Puck

- This just in: Chavez has yet to arrive in Tenochtitlán. Two weeks ago, he and his security detail embarked on what was supposed to be a “surprise inspection tour” of various Aztechnology North America holdings. No one has (officially) heard anything about him since.

- 0rkCE0

- As part of my investigations into, well, other events, I’ve been keeping an eye on a little area in Pennsylvania that used to be known as Dutchville. From up here, I’ve been trying to track all air and ground traffic. And despite some clever evasion tactics, I’m certain that place was Chavez’s last known location. Interesting place for an “inspection.”

- Orbital DK



\<<\<Open File “PUCKING-A” 0097>>>

\<<<translation filters: ENABLED>>>

**To:** President/CEO de la Rosa **From:** Motecuhzoma **Re:** Our friend Domingo **Sent:** 04-07-79/1515:58

I’m sending you another message to express my continued extreme irritation with Chavez and his interfering with projects he is unfamiliar with and ill-equipped to understand. He inserts himself into closed meetings, offers advice, goes behind our backs, and gives frankly idiotic orders to personnel. His interference has already cost valuable time and effort with the current fast-food initiatives, setting us back by at least a year, if not more. Worse, Chavez seems insistent on antagonizing Director Salazar at every turn, oblivious to the facts that he no longer has the magical power he once wielded, and Salazar could end him with a mere thought if sufficiently pushed. Yet Chavez wears his status within the corporation like an arrogant shield. It was difficult keeping Salazar in check before this interference; now it is becoming near impossible. Salazar is becoming more suspicious and has begun to compartmentalize more.

Additionally, our new friends are also becoming concerned with Chavez’s disruptive behavior and how it may affect current relations and future endeavors.

I strongly suggest that you take this matter in hand or I, or more likely Salazar, will do it for you. This is not a threat but a statement of fact. I suggest you move swiftly, for we have come too far with our new friends to risk losing them now.

– M

**>** In the last two years, Ramos started a new personal hobby: real estate. He’s been buying up property like mad all across North, Central, and South America as well as a few places in Western Europe and even a rather nasty patch of dirt in Australia’s Outback. He’s also been commissioning some interesting homes and estates at all of his purchases. I got a chance to see some preliminary blueprints for his place in west Texas; behind its a normal façade, the damn thing is a combination emergency bunker and fortress. I wonder if he knows something we don’t.

**>** Marcos
