---
id: PP-0288
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Shiawase Legal Services
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase Legal Services

The most prestigious legal firm in the world, bar none. Shiawase lawyers are drafted only from the best schools’ best graduates. If you don’t graduate in the top three of your class, don’t even bother asking, and if you’re not number one, you better hope you have some leverage. These guys are why extraterritorality exists, and further, they work hard every day to keep the Business Rights Accords obeyed worldwide. Their top customer is the Corporate Court itself, and you often see Shiawase lawyers representing both sides when arguing before the Court. If you’re on the Z-O with your lawyer and the other side has a Shiawase shark, might as well go ahead and settle. That’s how good they are.

options, like busses, light rail, and, believe it or not, moving sidewalks. Shiawase Mediatech handles the usual, and again falls behind both Mitsuhama and Renraku, giving them something of a handicap in controlling the narrative that’s counterbalanced by high public support and the arrangement with the Emperor. Shiawase Security Services exists as an umbrella for miltech and private arms and has had traditionally good markets in North America with both the Native Nations and the CAS. The former, though, is being challenged by the Siouxowned Colt, while the latter nows has to face the Ares juggernaut.

- Still find it interesting and weird that Colt is in NAN hands.

- **>** Hard Exit

- Corporations listen to money, not national anthems. Can’t blame ’em for going to the highest bidder. Besides, Roger Soaring Owl’s on the board, and you know he’s got some amazing experience.

- Turbo Bunny

Oh, and then there’s one last bit.

- Shiawase lawyers are hired worldwide to help other corps get one over on a government—get this regulation changed, get that permit signed, ensure you get tax breaks that last generations, whatever. Court cases are pretty dull for shadowrunners, but you should keep an eye on who’s spending the nuyen to get themselves represented by a Shiawase suit. That’s a corp that’s going places.

- Dr. Spin
