---
id: PP-0372
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'The Elven Connection - Posted by: Frosty'
page: 170
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Elven Connection

## Posted by: Frosty

Hoi, chummers. Like I predicted in the **Streetpedia** upload, it looks like Wuxing has taken Telestrian Industries under their wing. For those who aren’t familiar with them, Telestrian Industries Corporation is a Tír Tairngire-based megacorp that’s historically specialized in arcane goods, augmentations (especially bioware), and Matrix technologies. They were a AA-rated corp up until a couple years ago, when the Corporate Court removed their second A and the extraterritoriality that goes with it. Suddenly, Telestrian was subject to the local laws of pretty much everywhere they operated, and the corp’s never really gone out of their way to be nice to others. They needed new friends, fast.

Enter Wuxing. The Hong Kong-based corp offered Telestrian the opportunity to use their extraterritorial holdings to evade legal scrutiny and access to wider markets, in exchange for collaboration on future projects. They knew that TIC’s expertise in augmentations and Matrix technologies would be invaluable in helping them stand up to the Japanacorps. Telestrian didn’t like the idea of being the junior partner in any relationship, but they knew they didn’t have much choice in the matter if they wanted to survive long enough to regain their lost AA rating. Ultimately, it didn’t take long for them to sign the partnership arrangement, complete with a widely Matrix-cast handshake between Sharon Chiang-Wu and Telestrian CEO (and Tír Prince) Lynne Telestrian.

Ever since then, the two corps have been uneasy allies. As far as Telestrian’s concerned, they only accepted Wuxing’s deal to pull in nuyen by having Tír Tairngire telesma on Ming Solutions shelves and Lyric of Portland clothes on Kong-WalMart racks while they work on regaining their self-sufficiency. They’ve already given up more of their independence than they ever intended, and they’ll fight tooth and nail to avoid becoming any more reliant on Wuxing’s goodwill. On the other hand, Sharon Chiang-Wu isn’t stupid. She knows full well that Lynne Telestrian would have no qualms about taking everything Telestrian wants and leaving her to pick up the tab, and she knows that Wuxing wields the power to make Telestrian give something up in exchange for what they’re getting. That’s why Bach Mai Medical offers cybersurgery to install Telestrian-produced cyberjacks, and (I’ve been told) Wuxing security deckers are using Telestrian’s new Zephyr cyberdeck.

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Drek, is that what that was? I went up against a Wuxing decker the other day who had hotter hardware than I would’ve expected from that corp.

**>** Pistons

Beneath all the publicity shots, the elf in charge of liaising with Wuxing is Stephen Telestrian, who was named TIC’s new “Executive Vice-President for Inter-Corporate Affairs” shortly after Telestrian and Wuxing signed their deal. In practical terms, this makes him Telestrian’s ambassador to Wuxing. If the rumors I’ve heard are true, Stephen has an office a few doors down from Lynne’s at Telestrian’s HQ in Cara’Sir, which I guess tells you how seriously Telestrian is taking this new arrangement with Wuxing.

The two corps are also experimenting with coordinating their shadow ops in the Seattle Metroplex. If my info is correct, Stephen’s daughter Kelly is the point of contact for Telestrian’s shadow dealings in the area. I’ve heard she was briefly a runner herself, but I don’t know her handle or what she did.

- She was a decker, she went by Maera, and after the one time I ran into her in the Matrix, I swear to Ghost she’s the elfiest elf I’ve ever seen.

**>** Glitch

**>** Hey!

**>** Freya

**>** If you wanted to keep your title, you should’ve answered my message about contributing to our most recent upload on magic. **>** Glitch
