---
id: PP-0165
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Rael WhiteOak - VP, Charisma Associates
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rael WhiteOak

## VP, Charisma Associates

Plenty of other files on this host have deep details on Rael. She was a runner in a past life, she’s an elf, and she’s scary as frag with her smile pointed at you. She’s currently the VP of Charisma Associates, Horizon’s primary PR firm and a huge source of work in the shadows. Since she knows how they work, she is an expert at working them. That’s about all of the bio I feel the need to spit out, and so instead I take my limited verbiage to freshen up the info on what she’s got her talons set to grab.

UCAS. No one is expecting them to be able to afford the support of CA, but Rael has been making efforts to get a decent stock of dirt on various aspects of the UCAS while also simultaneously locating possible positive points to boost a PR campaign, should the struggling nation decide to save itself or seek to boost its image for increased

investment. The move of Ares to Atlanta was the latest major hit, but land grabs by the Sioux along with Seattle and St. Louis going independent have not added to the appeal. If the UCAS is to survive this century, or even this decade, they are going to need a serious revitalization, and Charisma Associates is about the only chance they have of looking appealing as an investment rather than a crumbling nation.

- I’ve seen a lot of hooder work going down in Chicago, around Boston, over in Toronto, and down in the southern border sprawls. All of it seems to be about getting gangs in check in and around up-and-coming neighborhoods in order to paint a better picture. Money trail seems to point Horizon’s way, but I can’t confirm that for sure. Both CA and The Horizon Project are just as likely to be tossing money at the slums for good PR. If it’s THP, maybe we could look for whatever side job they have going down.

- **>** Glitch

We can pair up the next area with Ares and Atlanta. CA is well-known for being the firm behind saving Ares’ collective hoops after that whole Excalibur debacle, but now events in Detroit have hit Ares with another black mark, this one far worse than a defective gun. The move to Atlanta has its advantages, but it also comes with competition in the city that Ares wasn’t used to in Detroit. While Ares’ own PR machine looks like they are building a solid campaign, WhiteOak can see the writing on the wall if Ares keeps trying to play the AmeriCorp card. The support there is thin and not particularly wealthy. They’ll get themselves into debt to buy Ares’ goods, but they aren’t likely to pay back that debt. Ares needs bigger investors, just like on their former home turf, and WhiteOak is looking forward again. She’s working angles to set up a different support campaign for Ares and doing it all in the shadows. No official connections, but plenty of old Ares associates are getting friendly meetings in order to catch up on old times.

As for Atlanta, they are about to skyrocket to the forefront of shadow activity in the CAS as they welcome a new AAA while still battling some of their previous growing pains. In order to not just become another AresTown, they’re going to need an image of their own, and WhiteOak is quietly arranging deals behind the scenes. In order to make it all happen, though, she has a lot of skeletons to clear out of some big closets. CA has already expanded their client base in Atlanta thanks to WhiteOak and she’s working every angle to go from million-nuyen private to billion-nuyen public contracts.

- WhiteOak is also playing all the angles in Atlanta by opening communications with the Atlantean Foundation, which already has a presence in the city. We know from the history of CA that they can support opponents and have both of them grow in

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**>** Real fraggin’ slowly. **>** Netcat
