---
id: PP-0063
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: '> Butch'
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Butch

They also came back later and bought out competitors who’d snatched up postal segments elsewhere. This is why the Pony Express and Talking Leaves operate in the PCC and Salish-Shidhe, respectively, and ultimately kick money back to Ares rather than the local economies that they serve.

Ares is willing to let Detroit keep some name brands that it considers to have dried up, and will charge only a “modest” fee to allow their use, but thus far, the as-yet unnamed conglomerate of workers that will be using abandoned Ares factories to try to churn out rival products hasn’t agreed to buy any. That might change if they need the brands for sales, but it might not. It depends on if the awful mess that is Detroit can ever clean itself up. Until then, Ares is actively brainstorming new brand names for next year’s vehicles that will be designed and built in Lincoln, Alabama.

The best (worst?) example of this is Public Education Services, an Ares company that seeks out underperforming local schools and buys them off of cities and towns under the aegis of “educational solutions.” Professional educators and an infusion of money follow, making it look like a good deal at first, but PES treats children likewhat they are—trapped consumers. Lunchrooms are filled with junk-food vending machines and sodas instead of more nutritious (and more expensive) meals. Busses are plastered with advertising for beauty products aimed at telling teenagers that they’ll never be loved unless they look better, and every schoolroom gets trideo monitors that handle remote learning with “short” commercial breaks, Kids News™ that focuses on emerging teen stars passing pablum to the masses, and so on.

At the same time, Ares also runs Socratic Learning Solutions, an upscale education system aimed at suburbanites who see rotting urban schools and want out. SLS swoops in, operates “local schools” that cater exclusively to middle- and upper-class students and produce inflated success rates on testing. You might notice, though, that they never go into areas with a large swath of metas, nor do they ever have an expensive special-needs program. They leave those things to public schools, making them look even worse, driving the wealthier set to Socratic private schools. And when communities are ready to give up on their public schools? Here comes PES.

- Ghost, but that’s sinister.

- Hard Exit

Japanacorps used and liked the concept, but he had no use for samurai in his hoo-rah corp, so instead he invented what he knew—a military school—and expanded it. Under a normal military school, you get mostly wealthy teenagers sent in who are problematic, then you try to turn them to a better path. They turn out okay, going on to careers as officers in the UCAS military, but that wasn’t good enough for Knight. Instead, the Spartan School takes in children from five to ten (the younger the better) and builds them to be loyal to Ares, not the UCAS, from the word go. Then they are trained as warriors, not leaders. He wanted soldiers who would follow orders, not give them, and who would salute the corporate anthem, not the national. He looked around for a good place to create it, and found Sparta, Tennessee, which combined virtually non-existent gun laws, cheap land in the middle of nowhere, and a name that gave him the giddy. It opened in 2040 and has been churning out Spartans ever since. The kids of the first graduates went in the late ’50s, and the grandkids of the first round are in there now, along with whatever other kids Ares can round up. Orphans from Detroit (and later Boston), kids brought in from international locations, barrens kids whose parents didn’t need the drag on their limited resources—anywhere he could get them, he took them. One of the guys in my squad’s a former student who washed out after a training accident kept him from keeping up physically. Great sniper, though!

**>** Stone

- Been going on since I was a kid. The military was the only way I got the education I needed. Which … aw, hell.

- **>** Butch

- Yup. Exactly as planned. Ares takes failing public schools and feeds the students there, who just happen to be largely goblinized, into trade schools or the military, where they can be used as muscle, while other metatypes (dwarfs, elves, humans) can be trained in white-collar jobs, as they are viewed as better suited for those roles.

- Icarus

- Wait, no. No. It’s **proven** that orks and trolls, on average, aren’t as smart as other metahumans! Everybody knows it! I mean, they test them, and goblins always do drekky on standardized tests!

- Riot

- Setting aside the vast problems with standardized testing as a measure of intelligence, let me ask this: Who created, administers, and reports on those tests?

- Icarus

- Ares? Ah, frag …

The biggest single piece of the service pie is in Ares Global Entertainment, who’ve been generating all-American content for as long as I’ve been alive. Macho men with guns, maverick cops who work outside the law to deal with Yaks, the Vory, or dirty BTL-dealers, raunchy sex comedies, high-budget sci-fi sims—you say “blockbuster,” and AGE is there. But it’s easy to get distracted by the dancing monkey and never notice the pickpocket. AGE is big in the sim gig, one of the big three, but if you want to see where Ares dominates, look to music. Mitsuhama brings the J-pop, Renraku brings the K-pop, and Spinrad picked up NeoNET’s Europop arm, but there’s a reason it’s just pop, and not A-pop. MCT and Ares split that pie pretty evenly, but then you go into the other channels and it’s all Ares, all the time. Hard rock? Ares. Rap? Ares. Country? You’d best believe Ares. Platinum Records is the juggernaut of the industry, with a stable that holds the biggest names in music today, but Ares also owns the competitors. Sun Softs in Nashville? Ares. House Party Rips? Ares. Hell, they even own Independent Label.

- Riot

- Nothing as loud as eyes being opened.

- Icarus

- While we’re here on the education front, I’ll toss in the Spartan School. Knight was familiar with the “dog program” that the

- Yeah, House Party sold out years ago. Everybody knows that if you want real trog rock, you gotta go Hellhound.

- 2XL

- Also Ares.

- Glitchnews. This keeps them in business and keeps the reporters on a short leash while the real stories are being produced at APS central and distributed to keep the public focused on distractions, not stories that have actual weight.

**>** Oh, **come on** !

**>** 2XL

- Complain if you want, but when they find talent like John Robertson down in Mississippi, they can get him the kind of exposure a dirt-poor ork bluesman could never dream of.

Oh, and most potential CEOs have talked about folding Knight Errant into this arm of the corporation, rather than considering it an arm in and of itself. Knight’s personal plaything left a bad taste in many mouths. The one exception? Clayton Wilson. Needless to say, KE Execs have been backing his ascension in greater numbers than any other segment of the corp.

- Hannibelle

- I hear that he’d never even picked up a guitar two years before being discovered. That kind of talent doesn’t happen that quickly. Chipped skills? Magical Awakening?

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- Way I hear it, he made a spirit pact at the crossroads …
