---
id: PP-0092
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'The Mask: Corp Overview'
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Mask: Corp Overview

When trying to understand Aztechnology, one must realize that while they have one of the most diverse portfolios of any AAA corporation in existence, the key to their success is not their numerous holdings and subsidiaries, but the public image they’ve cultivated.

One way to understand this concept is to think of Aztechnology’s corporate image as a mask. Painstakingly crafted over the decades, the mask represents how the corporation wants their consumers and public to perceive them. It’s also a shield designed to deflect and protect the corporation’s darkest secrets and ugliest truths. More than anything else, that mask (presented in all its flashy neo-Aztec corporate branding glory) is what truly defines Aztechnology. To them, the mask is all, and they will go to any lengths to protect and maintain it.

- And blood sacrifices, let’s not forget about those either. Oh, and massive oppression and murder!

- Lyran

To the public at large, Aztechnology is almost universally beloved and is considered to be, as an associate likes to call them, “Big Fragging Heroes™.” This has been accomplished through exceptional and very subtle corporate PR, propaganda, multiple public initiatives, and in many cases what they consider justified force. Current events, such as their handling of the tempo crisis and “assisting” Aztlan in their victory over Amazonia in the recent war, have further enhanced and all but cemented Aztechnology’s reputation as a positive force in the Sixth World.

This is in stark contrast to what’s known by those of us working the shadows. Some of us have been unlucky enough to see what’s truly behind the mask. Make no mistake, despite the relative “good” Aztechnology has done, it’s all carefully designed and executed to strengthen the mask, to hide the truth that Aztechnology ultimately has one singular, unifying goal: power. Be it arcane, technological, political, capitalistic, or other, those
