---
id: PP-0112
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: "Armando Salazar - Domingo \u201CDing\u201D Ramos"
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Armando Salazar

## Domingo “Ding” Ramos

Within the grand scheme of Aztechnology, Ramos continues to be the corporate wildcard—if he can be bothered to do anything worthwhile, that is. Preferring others to simply call him “Ding,” Ramos is many things. He is an elf (a rarity among the board), leader of the David drug cartel, and a playboy to the extreme. Ramos is an Aztechnology legacy, having inherited his stocks from his father, who was one of the original founders of ORO. **\<<\<1.9 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>** I n recent years, Ramos has seen his personal fortunes skyrocket thanks to his expanded drug empire in the wake of the Amazonian War and growth in corporate stock values. But what sets Ramos apart from the rest of the board is his ability to do a lot without really doing anything. He is a master of using proxies to get things done while he continues his playboy ways.

Not a member of the Aztechnology board, Salazar nonetheless has managed to amass a considerable amount of power and influence within the corporation in a very short period of time. A known blood mage of considerable power, Salazar is a former medical doctor in the Aztlan military who eventually made his way into military intelligence and bio-weapon research. Rumors suggest that he was the mastermind behind the bioweapon Blue-227. Rising to the rank of general **\<<\<1.9 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>** … and was the planner/leader of Operations Marauder and Huntress during the Amazonian War. In 2078 he was hand-picked by President/CEO de la Rosa on the recommendation of Motecuhzoma to help Aztechnology’s ever-expanding magical research initiatives. The result of that work was the creation of the Special Projects Division.
