---
id: PP-0345
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Predictive Power
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Predictive Power

Political polls, market research and forecasting, predictive policing—these efforts and more attempt to use numbers based in the patterns of the past to show the direction of the future. Their success has never been absolute, but neither has their failure. They provide just enough knowledge to make data analysts feel that with a few more tweaks, a few more modifications, they will have the perfect algorithm. Then, like the psychohistoriSPINRADans of fiction, they will know unerringly how civilization will advance.

As much as any corporation on earth (well, them and Evo), Spinrad Global wants to be ahead of wherever the world is heading. They don’t need that knowledge to be too comprehensive—they generally could care less who is going to win what election— but they want to know what people will want before they want it. They have cool hunters across the world to help them hop on trends, but they’d trade them all for the right set of numbers and variables.

It’s commonly accepted that Spinrad’s purchase of Aegis Cognito was primarily motivated by a desire for data, access to one of the greatest intelligence troves in the world. They sent that data through a ton of mills, processing it backward and forward, trying to spin a thread that would lead them through the maze of the future. If they’ve had any success, they’re not sharing it. They’re sure as hell going to keep trying.

- There are often strict rules about monetizing certain types of intelligence data, partly because people know just how powerful it could be in theory. While consumer data looks at individual movement and activities, the type of intelligence Aegis Cognito collects is often more macro, looking at secret corporate and government plans and how people are trying to shape the future. CFD is a good example here—if you get early word and understanding of how the infection was working, you could disinvest in nanotech and instead invest in cyberware and bioware. That was one of the sad things about Evo’s involvement in the whole thing—they were in position to recognize the looming disaster, but they were constitutionally unable to pull out of their nanotech work until it was way too late.

- Fianchetto

- A few monad investors made themselves rich through this exact strategy.

- Kay St. Irregular
