---
id: PP-0324
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Spinrad Industries
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Spinrad Industries

Spinrad Industries is not the first business dedicated to selling the lifestyle of its founder, but it certainly is the largest. When Johnny Spinrad was young, wealthy, and beautiful, he became fully convinced that everyone wanted to be like him, and they weren’t wrong for feeling that way. He decided his mission in life was to try to facilitate that desire.

His initial company looked like a disaster on paper. Most new companies start with a clear area of focus or a single product line. Spinrad launched a whole stream of products—athletic wear, entertainment, electronic accessories, music, and more. The primary connecting theme between all those lines was “things Johnny Spinrad likes.” It could easily have been an unfocused disaster, but somehow it worked. As it turned out, Spinrad wasn’t wrong—lots of people really did want to be like him. From there, his efforts went in two directions: putting himself in the spotlight doing outrageous things, and then selling new things based on his antics. He went to the most outlandish parties, slept with the most attractive people, and acted like a carefree, entitled rich person day in and day out. Then his companies built hotels like the ones he stayed in, booked tours to the cities he visited, sold clothes like he wore, snowboards like he used, and alcohol like he drank.

He collected admirers and enemies with equal enthusiasm. He made probably his greatest enemy in 2051, when a consortium he led won the contract to redevelop Monaco—and shut Lofwyr and Saeder-Krupp out of the process. The dragon was, of course, not thrilled, and that began decades of moves and counter-moves by the two, as they pissed away millions of nuyen in their eternal slapfight. Johnny frequently seems to have a lot more fun with the fight than Lofwyr does.

Spinrad’s lifestyle was the instigating factor in the growth of his company, but if the CEO wanted it to keep getting bigger, he needed to diversify. So he did. They made augmentations for purposes he wouldn’t use, low-cost foods he’d never eat, and other subsidiaries that would never bear the Spinrad name but would still pump profits into the coffers.

Despite this success, it seemed for a time Spinrad had hit its ceiling as a giant, diversified multi-national that would never make it into the top ranks of the corporate world. But then, opportunity came along.
