---
id: PP-0359
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Shipping
page: 163
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shipping

Getting stuff where it needs to be is Wuxing’s second-biggest industry. It’s also the industry where Wuxing’s had the most competition in recent years. Last time we talked about Wuxing, I mentioned that there was a shadow war heating up between Wuxing and the second-biggest megacorp in the shipping world, Maersk. That conflict has only gotten hotter, and it’s threatening to drag in other big players.

Although Maersk had started to make some moves into the South Pacific, Wuxing’s biggest shipping subsidiaries ( **Cartwright Cartage and Freight** and **Wuxing Worldwide Shipping** ) had managed to keep their hold on major shipping lanes through what Kane and the Matrix tell me is called the North Pacific, like the Bering Sea and the Malacca Straits. That all changed when

Maersk partnered with Saeder-Krupp to open major ports in the northern NAN. By using the one rail line Mitsuhama didn’t manage to buy, Maersk can move freight into the Pacific by entering North America from the Arctic, even using S-K’s Tsimshian seaport instead of having to go through the Salish-Shidhe (and thus Wuxing-controlled) facility in Vancouver.

Needless to say, Wuxing’s not happy with that turn of events. Before, the direct conflicts between them and Maersk were limited to Africa and the South Pacific (more on those below), but with Maersk having direct access to Wuxing’s backyard, Wuxing decided to turn the tables. First, they used some of their leverage over Aztechnology to “persuade” the Azzies to allow them to offload shipments in Spain at Aztechnology-controlled ports. I also have it on good authority that a few months back, some high-level execs from Wuxing had a sit-down with a SpinGlobal Asia rep in Macao.

- Spinrad Global would be a natural partner for Wuxing, given their competition with Saeder-Krupp in so many areas.

- Heisenberg

- It’s risky, though. Up to this point, Wuxing and S-K have been competitors, but they weren’t openly hostile toward each other. Saeder-Krupp’s been too preoccupied with reclaiming the top spot from Mitsuhama to care much about Maersk and Wuxing getting into a catfight, but if Wuxing allies with SpinGlobal and targets S-K in the process, Lofwyr might change his priorities.

- **>** Sunshine

The good news for Wuxing is that with Maersk investing so heavily in its Arctic Ocean corridor, the totally-not-targeted pirate activity against Wuxing in the South Pacific is simmering down. The corp’s strategy of splitting contracts off to be handled by smaller, better-disguised subsidiaries seems to have worked, and from what I’ve heard, it was a serious test for Wuxing’s financial wizards to keep up with juggling accounts for the sheer number of front companies they’ve gone through over the last few years. Their persistence paid off, though, and Wuxing is now—for the time being, anyway—back on solid footing in the South Pacific.

- How long it’ll take them to repair their image in the area is another question entirely.

- Baka Dabora

Likewise, Wuxing seems to be catching a break in Africa. Their **Suez Security Consulting** subsidiary has (unsurprisingly) maintained its great record in protecting ships from local pirates, something that Maersk’s Marines have been a lot less successful at doing. On top of that, I’ve heard rumors that Maersk has had a terrible time with hold-ups moving its freighters through the Suez Canal, while



Wuxing’s cargo breezes through. I’m sure it’s just a coincidence that this only started happening after the Macao meeting I mentioned earlier.

**>** I don’t know if Jimmy was aware of this before he uploaded this file, but the news in Hong Kong recently announced another major expansion by Wuxing: consumer air travel. Wuxing has operated Cathay Pacific Airlines as a freight-only service for decades, but until recently, they’d never shown any interest into providing passenger services. Now, they’re advertising that they’ll have service to more than thirty Pacific destinations within the first three months.

**>** Lei Kung
