---
id: PP-0308
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: The Arcology Staff
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Arcology Staff

Just a quick rundown here. While the SAS will, eventually, serve as Shiawase’s North American HQ, it’s nowhere near ready for that yet. As such, those present are focused on local issues, and the arcology itself first and foremost. There are several names to be added, but here’s a few I found.

**Riku Hammamoto** is the Director of the Arcology. He’s the man in charge of the whole thing, and it’s his job to get it running on time and under budget. He’s a lifetime member of the corp and has both served in and operated arcologies in Japan, but none as large as this monster.

**Stephan Levine** is in charge of Matrix operations, including the installation of new, tame programs to run much of the arcology and keep up Matrix security. He’s a hotshot programmer, not a decker, It’s a bit of a risk putting a Gaijin in charge of such an important task, but he was the best man for the job. Or at least the best who’d be willing to risk getting turned into a Deus puppet.

**Haru Kazama** is the lead liaison with Seattle’s government. He’s got the world’s best legal team at his beck and call, so if there’s something wrong in terms of contracts, he will absolutely not let it

go. The current holdup is what the city plans to do with the people Shiawase doesn’t want to keep. Where can you stick over a hundred thousand people in a city as full as Seattle? Not Kazama’s problem. He just wants them out.

**Rebecca Smalltree** is the PR person in charge and the one that you’ll see most often dealing with the press. She’s a Salish native and had some kind of history with Tsimshian where she developed a big hate for Renraku. I’m still stunned that this went to anyone who wasn’t a native Japanese, but she seems as adept at keeping Gaeatronics cool as the local government, so maybe she was the right pick.

Lastly is **Shiawase Daigou** , humble gardener. Yes, you read that right. He’s one of the Seven, the first ones adopted by Emori Shiawase himself, and he was a virtual god among executives. He and Korin Yamana did _not_ see eye to eye on things, especially the Yamana Doctrine’s eradication of loyal old men, and the fact that he survived Yamana’s entire tenure as CEO should tell you something about how good he is. He retired the day after Yamana left, settling into a life of retirement and simple gardening. The man has an apartment in the top five floors of the Arcology, including a private garden that’s at least a hundred square meters (you cannot imagine how valuable that much prime real estate is worth) where he tends to his plants, enjoys his tea, and makes small talk with active executives. He has access to Hammamoto’s office on demand and attends some, but not all, arcology top-level meetings. He never offers his opinion on matters unless asked, but his yay or nay carries the weight of Tadashi Shiawase himself and can instantly end affairs. How he knows which meetings don’t matter and which ones need his attention, who can say? He just does. The man’s a legend.

- He’s the kindest, most genial grandfather I’ve ever met. He keeps his grandson around to run errands for him, pour tea, and so on, but otherwise he’s just a the sweetest, most harmless man. Except … one time, while we were speaking, I happened to mention Korin Yamana’s name, and for just the tiniest moment, his guard dropped. I heard his cup strike his saucer, and in the moment it seemed as loud as a cannon. His face hardened and I swear to you, I could see some glowing aura around him that terrified me to my core. Then, just as quickly as it was there, it was gone, and he was back to being a kindly old man again. I’ve never seen anything like it, and it shook me down to my toes. How does a normal man have that kind of power?

- Kat-o’-Nine-Tales

- How did you get into the presence of Shiawase-sama?!

- Baka Dabora

- Private concert for Kazama to help impress the new governor, and the VIPs got to mingle. He never actually came up to me … I wanted to have a look around and stumbled into his garden.



We talked about flowers for maybe ten minutes. Felt like three hours. The chum’s got wisdom for days. **>** Kat-o-Nine-Tales


back into the next generation of salarymen, as cyberware was so expensive back then that this was a great personal sacrifice that showed how much they loved Shiawase. Today, headware memory is nearly a thing of the past, and datajacks are everfalling in popularity. The ritual is still done, however, but uses a simple datacord as a token instead. Senior executives who recall the retirement ceremonies of their superiors, however, sometimes have a datajack implanted, just so it can be removed and presented.
