---
id: PP-0333
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Top Talent - Johnny Spinrad
page: 153
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Top Talent

## Johnny Spinrad

You know Johnny Spinrad. Even if you think you don’t, even if you say you’re the type of person who doesn’t pay attention to celebrity gossip, you know about him. He’s unavoidable. His vacations, his parties, his affairs, his presence on the European Grand Tour, his near-marriage to Queen Caroline of the United Kingdom—you know. You’ve heard about them. And if there somehow is something you’re missing, then there are entire channels dedicated to telling you more.

So we’re not going to talk about all that, in favor of asking a simple question: Where the hell is Johnny Spinrad?

He hasn’t been seen in public for a month. He hasn’t attended any parties. He hasn’t given any interviews or held any press conferences. He hasn’t been seen in Monte Carlo or Lisbon or anywhere.

For the vast majority of the world population, this would not be a big deal. Hell, we’ve barely seen any of Richard Villiers since NeoNET got kicked out of the Big Ten, and that was more than a year ago. But this is Johnny Spinrad, a man who possibly might not exist if people weren’t looking at him. He’s been out of sight, and all the shows in his media empire dedicated to covering his life have been in re-runs.

I wish I had more here. I wish I had some leads or even decent theories to share. But all I have are questions. So where is he?

- Do you know how exhausting it must have been to win his place in the Big Ten? If Spinrad wanted to take a vacation away from everyone, who can blame him?

- Nephrine

- But that doesn’t sound like Spinrad at all. His Big Ten move wouldn’t exhaust him—it would energize him. Did you watch any of his shows in the few months after he got into the AAA club? It was like he was on a nonstop novacoke binge. And maybe he was. He was so excited, so jazzed, that he wouldn’t stop talking about his next conquest, his next big thing. The ascension to the Big Ten didn’t wear him out. It made him want to do more. That makes it hard for me to believe he went on vacation.

- Kay St. Irregular



- Especially since a lot of his work responsibilities involve the type of things that would seem like a vacation to you or me.

- **>** Traveler Jones

- Spinrad paid a high price to get the funding he needed to make his move. And not all of it was money. From what I’ve heard, he is away paying off some of his debt.

- Plan 10
