---
id: PP-0348
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Peacekeeping
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Peacekeeping

This is a weird area for people like us to get involved in, but it ties into the areas listed above. Spinrad’s people all want to protect their brand and get a leg up on one another. But they also want to preserve the overall value of the corp. That means they sometimes need someone who will dig into burgeoning conflicts and find a way to defuse them, especially if it looks like it’s a case of Spinrad-on-Spinrad violence. So if, say, a clothing factory has the same piece of machinery malfunction three times in a week, and then let’s say the manager of the factory gets a snide note from an intracorp rival asking if the factory is functioning well lately, then the manager might decide to launch an investigation into why they’re being screwed with and how to get revenge. Word of that may go up the ladder, and a higher-up will send a team of runners to encourage the belligerent parties to knock it off and forestall any future mischief.

A valid question to ask is, why send runners? Why not just drop an order to knock it off? The answer speaks to Spinrad corporate culture. Spinrad bosses want to be the cool bosses, the ones who let you wear jeans to work and don’t tell you what to do every minute of the day. Sure, they’ll keep your pay low and expect you to work so much that you’ll have time for nothing else, but that’s just thejob, right? That’s the world everyone lives in. Your boss is working within the parameters they have, but that doesn’t mean they have to be a jerk about it. That’s the mindset in place. So they’re not going to walk into the middle of a dispute and yell at people like some angry parent. No, they’re going to outsource that shit. So if you have the skills to smooth those kinds of bumps in the road and keep corporate partners happy with each other, Spinrad is hiring.
