---
id: PP-0098
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: '\<<<translation filters: ENABLED>>>'
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## \<<<translation filters: ENABLED>>>

“... am happy to report that containment and eradication efforts in Zones 31, 33, and 38 are now back on schedule. The additional assets allocated by the regional office were exactly what was needed to get efforts back on track after the last several months of unfortunate and unforeseen setbacks. At current estimates, phase one of Red River is at 78 percent completion, and if the field teams can continue their current momentum, we may actually see phase completion ahead of schedule and under budget. Additionally, my operations commander reports we will not need the last two thermobaric devices in our inventory, and that half of the cleaning teams could be demobilized and sent back to Aztlan as soon as the next two weeks, as we have not come across any obstacles.

In anticipation of phase one completion, I have begun preliminary initiation of phase two protocols, with all personnel and equipment being moved into their designated staging areas. As soon as field teams report that phase one has been completed per project standards, phase two teams will be able to move in and remove any and all traces of phase one’s efforts. All biological remains, structures, and signs of any infrastructure (as scarce as it was) will be removed per project goals; it will look like no one ever lived there. My analysts estimate that phase two’s reforestation process will take approximately one standard year, at which time we can begin evaluate the project’s effectiveness thus far and determine if the area is indeed clear of the contaminant.

I also want to take this time to again reiterate my opinion that the board should not rush the final completion of this project. We gained too much with our victory to risk compromising those gains or the public image boosts that came with them. If the true side effects of Blue-227 on metahumanity were to be discovered, we would face a backlash the likes of …”
