---
id: PP-0293
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: CEO Tadashi Shiawase
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## CEO Tadashi Shiawase

If you looked up “Japanese Business Executive” in any dictionary, a picture of Tadashi Shiawase

would look back at you. In his younger days, the man was an icon of severe business fashion, stoic features, and squared shoulders. Now in his late sixties, his hair’s gone grey, he’s partially bald, and his glasses have gone from reading to always-on, and his once firm body has given way to a bit of a grandfatherly paunch, he’s at once perfectly distinctive and yet could vanish into a room of corporate executives, and you’d never find him. For a generation, Shiawase executives leaned heavily on leónization to preserve their youth, but when it was discovered (by Shiawase researchers) that the process carried with it a grievous flaw, its use was suspended. Tadashi is proud to have never undergone such treatments (a direct contrast to former CEO Korin Yamana), and he wears his age well.

Tadashi’s cut from the same cloth as his father, a strong, decisive leader and an excellent salesman who drives a hard bargain but also honors his word. He’s loyal, dependable, and trustworthy … at least in business dealings. Rumors for years say that he mistreated his family, forcing them to live up to impossible standards and even using them as experiments for some of Shiawase’s lesser-known procedures. To suggest such impurity of Empress Hitomi would be most unseemly, of course, and his own son is beyond reproach, so most of these rumors revolve around the third child, Toshiro.

- You should not make allegations about The Empress.

- Baka Dabora

- See, this is why you were pulled off this project, BD. You used to be a reliable voice for us in Japan, but the past decade, you’ve really started to swallow the official line. We need the old you back.

**>** Bull

It’s easy to overlook him in a world of Spinrads and great dragons, but the fact is that Tadashi’s been doing this for five decades and has been seeped in family dynastic politics as well for even longer. He seems so harmless, so _normal_ , that it’s easy to forget just how cunning the man really is. Time after time, the odds are stacked against him, and yet time after time, he manages to come out of it smelling like a rose. He’s a subtle guy who plays the long game, and I’ve grown to respect that.
