---
id: PP-0107
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: \<<\<10.0 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<\<10.0 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>**

**>** And more importantly, **how** they’re doing it. That explains the uptick in jobs relating to Aztech magical facilities. **>** Goat Foot

**>** I may have something to share. Yesterday, the nesting partner and I were watching the latest urban brawl download between the Oakland Terminators and Tír Tornados. At the 15:33 mark, it suddenly switched to some kind of weird ritual. At first, I thought it was some new commercial for a new trid show, sim, or something. But nope, it went back to the game like nothing happened. We tried to rewind it, but it froze and the data feed later dropped. We tried to restart but—surprise, surprise—it was no longer available. Good thing was I smart enough to record most of it with my image link. I don’t know how to describe it, so check it out here for yourself <link>. But fair warning, this isn’t for weak stomachs.

**>** Stone

**>** What is **that** ?

**>** Butch

- Those magical symbols on the floor and walls? They’re Aztech blood glyphs. They’re creating a blood spirit.

- Elijah

- PW goes on a bit of a rant here, and I’m guessing he would have cleaned it up later. But it contained a lot of literal horror stories and personal accounts in graphic detail. I’m not surprised that he dreaded writing this. And based on what he’s seen over the years researching Aztechnology, I also bet he used it to try to exorcise some personal demons and memories. If anyone wants to see (or can stomach) the original data, I’ll send it. But here are the high points for any newbies. He talks about Aztech’s history of blood rites, blood magic, and their use in fragged-up rituals to push the limits of what magic can do, no matter what it does to the practitioner (spoiler: it’s often bad). He also touches on how destructive this kind of magic is to the manasphere and how Aztechnology doesn’t give frag one about it. He talks about how the corp powers-that-be will literally sacrifice anything and anyone to accomplish this quest; everyone is simply an asset or obstacle for them. But most importantly, he discusses how Aztechnology has been working for decades to secure places of power around the world. If all that doesn’t worry you a little bit, get out of this business.

- Glitch

  - Is that … his soul?! Oh God, he’s screaming, his skin is peeling back on its own … I’m gonna be sick …

  - Treadle

  - Those symbols are dangerous, especially if some idiot tries to use them without knowing what they are. How the frag did this get out, and how many actually saw this?

  - Winterhawk

  - All this drek looks like the kind of thing you’d see buried deep in some kind of secret Aztechnology data vault. Wait … you all don’t think …?

  - Danger Sensei

  - No way, impossible.

  - Beaker

  - If you eliminate all other possibilities, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.

  - Fianchetto

- Not much more to be said about that.

- Winterhawk

- I feel obligated to say that over the last five years or so (and despite what rivals may claim), Aztechnology has begun to seriously outpace just about every other corp in magical R&D. Even traditional magical heavy-hitters like MCT, Wuxing, and S-K have been wondering what the frag is going on.

- Elijah

- It makes sense, brings a lot of things together. Question now is: How far down does this rabbit hole actually go?

- Glitch

- Give me a few days.

- Puck

- Should I be worried that Puck is interested?

- Bull

- Yes.

- Netcat
