---
id: PP-0116
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Corporate Dis-Interests
page: 54
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Corporate Dis-Interests

Their focus on magical and technological developments often brings Aztechnology into direct conflict with those pursuing similar gains.

**Saeder-Krupp** and Aztechnology often butt heads in the heavy industry department, and especially in space technology development. While S-K is still considered way ahead, they know that Aztechnology, with a comparative toehold in that arena, is simply looking and waiting for an opportunity to exploit.

The relationship/rivalry between **Mitsuhama Computer Technologies** and Aztechnology is directly tied to magical development **\<<\<2.9 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>** ... the two constantly sniping at each other from the shadows, looking to steal whatever magical research paydata they can find.

The bad blood between Aztechnology and **Horizon** is relatively new and goes back to the Amazonian War, when the two PR giants butted heads. Horizon sided with Amazonia in that conflict and used all of their massive PR abilities to wage a subtle yet effective propaganda war that might have worked if not for Aztlan’s military victories. Still, the bitterness of that conflict remains even years later, with Horizon looking for any way to stick it to the now-beloved Aztechnology.

- And I think they’re about to get really slotted off. According to one of my high-placed contacts, another one of those phantom data-dumps just went down, only this time it was sent directly to Horizon’s main North American office; all of the VPs had this waiting in their inboxes.

- Sunshine

- Mr. Bonds


\<<<Open File SUN441>>>

\<<<transcript filter: active>>>
