---
id: PP-0226
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Weapons Development
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Weapons Development

You wouldn’t think this is an area where Renraku would need help, given their munitions roots, but a good company knows not to get complacent, so they’re always looking for the next thing. And then they’re checking to see if that thing works.

This area of work includes testing prototypes, stealing prototypes, and the super-fun area of “proof of concept.” This happens before a full prototype is even made, when companies want to see if a certain weapon concept is worth putting a lot of time and effort into. Take the new work being done on L S emitters. Some parts of the idea are obvious—the utility of non-lethal weapons has long been high, and stun spells have long been part of any offensive spellcaster’s repertoire. That would seem to be proof of concept enough—wouldn’t a technological version of a Stunbolt spell be immediately appealing? The problem is, the Stunbolt is not really the concept. The concept is some technology that sends waves straight to the brain and eventually knocks it out. Before the manufacturers even build a prototype, they want to know if they might have success messing with people’s brains. Would the right kind of pulse knock people out? What would it do at low doses? At high doses? Scientists and engineers are needed for a lot of that, but runners are needed for some steps. Namely, they sometimes need to take a janky-looking box, get it near people’s brains, and see what happens to them. Does that sound like the kind of work for you? Izom and Terracotta are awaiting your call.
