---
id: PP-0213
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Entertainment
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Entertainment

Entertainment is another area where Renraku integration has reached a high level. They throw a lot of ramen against the wall and make the most of what sticks. Their feeder level is their wide swath of unscripted programming— _Karaoke Klash, Dating the Mob_ , _SoyMasters_ , _Music High_ , and so on. They regularly watch all sorts of metrics so they can identify who is trending upward and whosetime in the spotlight might be nearing an end. They are constantly looking for opportunities for synergy, taking guests for one of their shows from the rest of their roster. Networks have been doing this forever with game shows and talk shows, but Renraku goes about it in a more in-depth way. There’s the easy stuff—you can bet that anyone who gets a decent response while on _Music High_ will show up soon enough on _Karaoke Klash_ . On a more complicated level is the idea that a bunch of their scripted series seem to exist in a shared universe. Recurring characters on _Blood Runners_ have been known to show up on _A Piece of My Heart, Lord of the Ghouls,_ and _Force of Impact_ , to name a few. Not only does this give them a chance to nurture breakout stars, but the shared universe nature of it all inspires rampant discussion and speculation on various Matrix sites.

- Fun fact: Some Renraku employees have learned that they can get away with a little on-the-job Matrix surfing if they hang out in forums discussing Renraku entertainment offerings. A single post about **Desert Wars** or the latest Horizon pop star will get your hoop reported to HR, but you can spend up to fifteen minutes a day talking about the ’Rakuverse (as it’s known online) without hearing a peep from the powers that be. Employees treasure this little unofficial break, and Renraku gets a bunch of grassroots promotion.

- Dr. Spin

Their entertainment holdings are varied, of course. The recently renamed **Capstone Broadcasting Company** (CBC) of the CAS is a major North American network, **Babylon Matrix** distributes a ton of content, **Shoppazulu** has gear with images of all your favorite Renraku stars on it (and clearance deals for the fading stars), and **Wacky Brothers Animation** produces work that is as cutting-edge as a ginormous, globe-spanning corporation can allow.
