---
id: PP-0217
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'Botan Nakada - (Director of Renraku Asia: China)'
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Botan Nakada

## (Director of Renraku Asia: China)

The geographic subdivisions of a megacorporation are a complicated overlay that intersect with the various subsidiaries of the corp. Some subsidiaries, like a fashion house based in Hong Kong, might be entirely set in the area overseen by Renraku Asia: China, which makes the line of authority between them and the area director clear. Others, like Terracotta Armaments, do plenty of business in the Chinese nations, but they also work throughout the world. How does the director of Renraku Asia: China interact with the head of Terracotta Arms when they oversee some but not all of their business?

The answer comes through improvisation and negotiation—or, in the case of Botan Nakada, pushing hard to get what you want.

Nakada has a strange relationship with Renraku. The corporation consumed his father, Haruhiko Nakada, who served as president right until he fell on his sword to atone for his failures in his role. That act took away Botan’s father but gave him three percent of the company and a seat on the board. If he resented Renraku for taking the life of his father, he has yet to show it, as he has been enthusiastic about the work. He is particularly involved with the armaments and munitions side, regularly marketing one year’s releases as just the thing needed to defeat the previous year’s releases.

- There’s a long-standing fan theory that Nakada is biding his time, amassing wealth and weapons, for what will be either a takeover of the corp or, most likely, its wholesale destruction.

- **>** Jimmy No

- It’s almost impossible for a single person to amass enough money or destructive power to take down a megacorp on their own. Remember the lesson of Art Dankwalther—you can feel all big and powerful, right until that beam shoots down from the sky.

- Orbital DK



- But Nakada has to be running some game, right? He’s not just spending his life serving the corp that chewed up and spit out his father, is he?

- /dev/grrl

- That’s exactly where these discussions tend to end up.

- Mr. Bonds
