---
id: PP-0045
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Black Star
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Black Star

Black Star is a mercenary group with a cause, and that cause is anti-corporatism. They refuse to work for A-rated or higher corps, and they’ll sometimes work against those groups for nothing. If it’s a small town fighting off an influx of toxic spirits from a nearby polluted zone, or barrens rats trying to fend off harassment from law enforcement, or low-wage workers trying to keep their homes from being demolished so that a new luxury arcology can be constructed, Black Star is willing to help. As with others on this list, they are more minor annoyance than existential threat to the corps, but like a mosquito, they could be squished if they’re not careful.

letting corporations run wild as long as they provided economic growth in their borders. But now, they have been brought down low and abandoned, and they no longer feel any sense of obligation to the corporations who have left them in their condition.

Is that enough to turn them anti-corporate? Perhaps. The fact that Motor City is within their borders could push the nation to more overt anti-corporate activity. The question is, will they be able to build any power to do anything about it?

- The answer is no. Their resources are low and going to get lower, and they’re not going to want to raise their head up to let the corps kick them around. They’re going to hunker down and focus on survival.

- Sunshine

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
