---
id: PP-0140
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Financial Dominance
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Financial Dominance

Money makes money, and Evo has long been wise to that simple concept. While most see the story-worthy bits about metahuman and metasapient rights, or their transhumanist agenda, Evo’s core is filled with financial corps that know how to make money grow. The heart of their finance empire is in Russia, but they control banks, investment firms, and financial consultant groups all over Asia. Every country on the Asian continent has at least one Evo subsidiary operating as part of their financial empire, most have half a dozen, with the largest having several dozen. Each one snags a little chunk of the market, and all of them feed back to the Evo coffers. They’re one of the least affected areas as far as the rebranding is concerned and thus have continued to chug along quietly in the background.
**==> picture [131 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**
**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
EVO // HISTORY EVOLVED<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Recently, though, corps like **Kirilenko Financials** , **East Asian Investment Services** , **Marakovich Market Masters** , **Elkovski-Vang-Ookman Investments** , **Presnya Financial Services** , and **Metabank** have all been the targets of data thefts, data scrubs, staff intimidations, and extractions. The street rumors abound, but old enemies is the favored tale. The only problem, everyone has been an enemy of Yamatetsu/Evo over the last few decades, so the suspect pool is not exactly succinct. To keep the money flowing, powers at the top are green-lighting black-ops funds to dig and start the counter operations. With all the other issues, they can’t afford to keep having someone pick at their moneymaker.

- Classic corp tactics. Hit them where it hurts while they’re distracted and overwhelmed in other places.

- Haze

- Runners taking ops against these financial firms are going to have some wicked surprises. The advanced tech division is offering secforces some R&D-level gear. Accountants and antigrav grenades! A thrill a minute.

- The Smiling Bandit

- That’s rumortech drek.

- Clockwork

- If you find yourself in any of an Evo financial subsid’s offices, check out the new interior design. Desks, chairs, and cubicles are hard-mounted. Minimal loose bits, and even the branded cups are magnetically attached to the desktop. They’re prepped for minimal collateral property damage if things kick off.

- The Smiling Bandit
