---
id: PP-0291
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Shiawase Market Information & Forecasting Department
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase Market Information & Forecasting Department

Officially, this department handles actuarial reports, marketing trends, and bean counting. Ho hum, how boring. The truth is that this is Shiawase’s black-ops division, gathering information from other corps, protecting Shiawase’s own secrets, hiring shadowrunners, and, when needed, engaging in black ops themselves. While everyone in this division is ultimately loyal to Shiawase, there are hundreds of small cracks when it comes to exactly _which_ Shaiwase someone is loyal to. Empress Hitomi’s man, Nigel Coltrane, was erased a couple of years ago, leaving former Sadoto-ally Ichiro Kiyomoto as the head of MIFD, but since she’s dead, he has no real loyalty to either Tadashi or Reiko, keeping him in his position as neither has any reason to risk replacing him; the scramble to put someone else in the chair could result in the other gaining the weight of thumb on this vital asset, so the status quo, while not the most favorable, is better than the potential alternative. Beyond that, Shiawase has a long tradition of hiring shadowrunners to execute operations against itself, to test defenses or deal with internal affairs where other tools have failed. MIFD fixers make arrangements without prejudice, but they also have long memories. As a bonus for us, they’re quite good at making sure the teams they hire only know what they need to know and not one nugget more, and that interrogation of captive runners is largely unrewarding. They use a “catch and release” program, getting teams that they catch on call for future work. The first job erases the debt.



After that, you get paid. Keep doing good, you get paid better and increased access to Shiawase tech. It’s a good gig!

- Every instinct I have screams at me that this is a trap and that they’ll just send you into a meat grinder, but much as I hate to go against my gut, it’s true. Shiawase has a never-ending need for runners, and they don’t dispose of assets that can be useful later.

- **>** Clockwork
