---
id: PP-0274
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: 'Europe: Political Battlefield'
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Europe: Political Battlefield

Europe has become less of an economic and more of a political battleground for S-K. The European market is saturated with participants, and due to the fact it is so densely packed, it is hard for outsiders to make an entrance. The major corps have all pegged out their market share, and while they certainly all hunger for more, the usual gains are often marginal, even when these gains were made through runs. So the big players have shifted their eye toward the political power play. The NEEC is the biggest market and consists of basically every Western and Middle European nation, as well as the biggest fifteen Eurocorps.

S-K was and is the biggest player here, but they were never unchallenged and—especially in recent years—there is quite an opposition forming against them. Certain states like Germany, France, United Netherlands, and the Scandinavian Union formed some kind of rebel faction against the Dragon, while the corps are also forming new alliances. First there are the **Eurocrats** (Erika, FBA, Merenati, HKB, Regulus, Trikon, Z-IC), who really like the NEEC but don’t like S-K’s leading role. Then you have the former **“Southern Alliance”** (Esprit-Dassault and Spinrad Global) who also have no real love for Lofwyr (to say the least). The remaining five corporations (AG Chemie, ESUS, Mærsk, Proteus, Transys) are either neutral, or have divided loyalties. Although it seems that there is some kind of alliance forming between S-K, AGC, ESUS, and Mærsk. The lobbyists of these groups fight over political influence in Brussels, as well as each European capital. Last year, they managed to expand the NEEC influence, as in the wake of the UCAS Blackout-Crisis Hungary, the Baltic states and Iceland (former Thule Protectorate) joined. But this wasn’t all due to S-K’s effort—the credit goes to Erika. The Finland-based AA kicked it off after Iceland broke free from Trans-Polar-Aleut and even proposed, that Iceland and Estonia became part of the Scandinavian Union, which grants both countries the benefit of ScanU’s “modified BRA-treaty.”

With the NEEC influence spreading further, their sphere of influence started to overlap with the spheres of **Philike Hetairia** (PH, or Friendship Association), as well as the old **Commonwealth of Independent States** (CIS). These two political and economic unions are also targets due to S-K’s
