---
id: PP-0144
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Taylor Dacopral
page: 66
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Taylor Dacopral

Another former CEO contender, this one has a brand new directive. As Ysil took over, she knew her former competition would need something to soothe their sense of loss. Not to mention distract them from plotting any kind of petty vengeance. Dacopral got tasked with some serious drek, but I guess I’m supposed to give some kind of dossier rundown on it first.

Dacopral is an AI, prefers neutral pronouns, loves designing drones and autosofts to occupy through every medium, innovated some unique multi-medium drone forms, and really didn’t want to be the next CEO. They were up there because they were a good neutral choice with the Yamatetsu name on their résumé, but the powers that be didn’t want neutral; they wanted progress.

Come on, they’re a sentient algorithm. They’re smart, forward thinking, not limited by metahuman biochemistry, and loaded into a megacorporate mainframe. They can operate as if time is standing still.

Back to the job assignment, because that’s really why I wanted to write this. Evo is in trouble. Not just the monad fallout, the constant targeting for their new tech, or the fact that the majority of the world is, at some level, still biased against anything that is different, and Evo citizens are the epitome of different. They are caught in the crosshairs of a technosapient-killing sniper rifle that could have been designed by the finest murder minds in the Ares think tank, but this threat is not coming from another corp.

Here’s where I need to get a little weird, or weirder. I can’t put a name to the problem because the problem is very good at wiping out traces of their name and their entire existence. Sure, it all sounds very crazy-conspiracy, but I guarantee this threat is real. I’ve seen mention of it here before.

This group has a deep issue with all things technosapient, despite their own existence being technosapient. Though, their largest issue is with those that cross the boundary, or mix the boundary, of meat and code.

Dacopral is now tasked with making sure Evo is not hindered or injured by this particular sect of nullwits. They’re hiring runners, setting traps, reaching out diplomatically, setting defenses, and presenting a case for its citizens, all in less time than it takes most of us to floss (utilizing the data that true average flossing time is under one second thanks to all those who don’t maintain proper dental hygiene). They’re taking the job seriously but they still manage to perform plenty of design and test work when processing power is available (which is always). From what I know of Dacopral, most of that test time is all about relaxing and slowing down to interact with the meat world. The activity helps them to pass time while waiting
