---
id: PP-0380
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Cheap Knockoff
page: 172
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cheap Knockoff

For decades, Chinese companies have been notorious for making subpar copies of brand-name gear, and Wuxing is no exception. They have a long line of cheap products that look like their more expensive kin but don’t always function the same. Your willingness to use them depends on how much risk you’re comfortable with.

**Game effect:** This quality applies to gear and equipment, not people. The cost of the item is reduced by fifty percent, but any test made with this item (including tests to repair it) requires one fewer rolled 1 to make a glitch or critical glitch (e.g., normally you’d need to roll four 1s with a dice pool of 7 to glitch; this quality lowers that number to three). On a critical glitch, the item is ruined in addition to any other penalties the user suffers. This quality may not apply to foci or other magical items, owing to Wuxing’s well-earned reputation for quality in that field. The Social Rating from Cheap Knockoff fashion is half what it normally would be (see p. 50, _Firing Squad_ ). Players can find Cheap Knockoff gear if they have a relevant Knowledge skill (such as Black Markets or Retail Operations) or if they have a contact who might deal or interact with that material. That contact needs to succeed on a Connection + Loyalty (2) test to tell the PC where they can find the gear they’re looking for.


**==> picture [552 x 683] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Corporate Court<br>Rankings (2081) 173<br>1<br>2<br>3<br>4<br>5<br>6<br>7<br>8<br>9<br>10<br>SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [159 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
GAME INFORMATION // WUXING<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
