---
id: PP-0344
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Making the Marriage Work
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Making the Marriage Work

The dirty secret of Spinrad Global’s ascent to AAA status is that its two major components do not necessarily work together well. It’s true that megacorporations are vast and host a number of varying corporate cultures in their structures, but it still can be difficult to make different ways of working function together. Spinrad management is, generally speaking, far more image conscious than Global Sandstorm leaders, while Global Sandstorm leaders can be incredibly focused on the details of various operations to a degree that Spinrad leaders often feel is extreme micromanaging. Each geographic division contains leaders who served with each of the parts before the merger, and there are regular clashes between them. Johnny is constantly being asked to moderate disputes between leaders, which is a part of the job he does not have much interest in. He’s learned, though, that he’s going to have to develop more of an interest, because every time there’s a dispute he doesn’t want to deal with, Gabrielle steps in and resolves things for him. Unsurprisingly, Gabrielle’s settlements often work in favor of Global Sandstorm holdovers, and the Spinrad loyalists have noticed. They’re asking Johnny to intervene more, which could make these spats more contentious in the near future.

- This will be especially important if he moves the headquarters to New Monaco. Part of that effort involves deciding what to build there, who should move into the new headquarters, and how the corporation should act in the new space. Any big change is a chance to shift power, and if Johnny stays asleep at the wheel, the Global Sandstorm portion of the corp will walk away with some big gains.

- Dr. Spin
