---
id: PP-0114
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Oliver McClure
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Oliver McClure

“Where’s McClure?” is a question often asked by those within the corporation.

Coming from humble beginnings **\<<\<2.0 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>** … gained his seat on the Aztechnology board after being given a ton of Aztechnology stock via Dunkelzahn’s will. McClure originally acted as a sort of check to some of the more extreme elements and factions within the corp. But after a long string of failed buyouts and attempted assassinations that left his physical body damn near shattered, it’s become somewhat SOP for McClure to disappear for weeks, sometimes months at a time only to pop up or report in when major board decisions need to be made.

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



Bright and earnest at the beginning of his tenure with Aztechnology, he has steadily become a shell of his former self. Many insiders wonder why he doesn’t just sell his stocks and resign.

**>** Like Chavez, McClure is currently AWOL. What’s also interesting is that Aztechnology Corporate Security issued their version of an arrest warrant for him sixteen hours ago. From what I’ve heard, all of his corporate passcodes and authorizations have been locked down. They tried to freeze all of his personal and corporate funds, but funny thing; all his accounts were pretty much empty. Only fifty nuyen remained. And as an aside, I’ve heard most of his stored biological samples have been destroyed as well.

**>** 0rkCE0

- Oh, that must have really slotted off Aztech’s spell-slingers. Good luck trying to find him with ritual magic. Still, this indicates a plan long in the making, not to mention the odds of actually pulling it off. And yet, here we are.

**>** Thorn

- Still, it is going to take some powerful counter-magic to keep Aztechnology from finding him. Not many can do that, leaving few places he can hide.

- Arête

**>** Upgrade that order to “terminate on sight” as of four hours ago. There are unconfirmed reports just now filtering into the Outpost about a nasty operation that went down a mere **five** hours ago. Long story short, a task force of Guerreros and Aztlan Blood Daggers led by Captain Hernandez (he gets around, apparently) located and attempted to secure McClure but were stopped cold by “unknown combatants” using SOTA mil-spec armor, weapons, equipment, and blah blah blah. The ensuing engagement destroyed almost a kilometer of Corpus Christi waterfront in the process, but McClure avoided capture and disappeared deep into CAS territory.

- Cayman

- Frag, this is getting **insane** . Haven’t any of the other corporations or the CC taken any action?

- Bull

- Right now, it seems that both are adopting a wait and see approach, likely before they take advantage of a potentially weakened rival.
