---
id: PP-0326
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Coming Together
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Coming Together

If you were unsure whether Spinrad Global deserved to be an AAA corp, then their manner of snatching the title should convince you. As veteran megacorporate watchers should know, you don’t need to be one of the absolute largest corporations in the world to gain AAA status (whether you define “largest” in terms of revenue, employees, or whatever). Now, in point of fact, Spinrad is large enough to gain that status—they might be in the top three, if we looked at assets (and ignored debt). But a whole lot of those assets were acquired in the last few years. Johnny Spinrad went on an absolute buying spree to make his company look bigger, buying Chalmers & Cole, Sol-Media, Lusaida, and more. That doesn’t come cheaply, so Johnny had to borrow from half a dozen of the largest financiers in the world. But he needed more, so he went and got Global Sandstorm by marrying corporate scion Gabrielle Al Thani.

Now, at this point, you should be thinking something like, “Hold up. This is not the Middle Ages, where you acquire something simply by marrying the right person. What the hell is up with that?” You’d be both right and wrong about that. Yes, there is a whole practice in the legal industry dedicated to preventing people from gaining too much simply by marrying someone rich. They have a wide assortment of pre-nuptial agreements on hand to make sure no one loses a huge amount of assets through marriage. But on the other hand, if you saw the marriage of Spinrad and Al Thani as being a great corporate gain for Spinrad, then we have a simple message for you: Stop being sexist. Gabrielle Al Thani is a shrewd, conniving corporate shark, and as a Global Sandstorm executive, she gained about as much power as he did. And should Spinrad die before his younger wife, then reports say she gets it all. Spinrad got a giant corp, but Al Thani may well wind up with the bigger prize.

- So what’s the scoop on these two? Do they love each other? Do they even like each other?

- Slamm-0!

- There is at very least a core of respect there. They recognize each other’s skills and shrewdness, and they see each other as peers on the corporate stage. They have enough shared interests that they can talk for hours and hours if they so choose. But let’s be upfront about one thing: Neither one of them was

- going to settle into the confines of traditional monogamy. They might like each other, they might find each other attractive, but neither one of them is going to limit themselves. They’ll spend time together, but they’ll also spend plenty of time apart. So what does that add up to for the relationship? It clearly was

- a relationship born of convenience, but there is enough common ground and shared agreement of what they want the relationship to be that they might be able to keep it up for a while.

- Goat Foot

**>** Goat Foot does celebrity gossip now?

**>** Haze

- Folks back home are a little obsessed with Gabby. She’s a frequent topic of conversation.

- Goat Foot

But that wasn’t the entirety of this master stroke. Spinrad didn’t just want a shot at becoming an AAA corp. He wanted a guarantee. So he approached Richard Villiers and convinced him to part with one of the most valuable assets in the world—JRJ International’s automatic seat on the Corporate Court. It wasn’t a full-on purchase—Spinrad worked out a ten-year lease of JRJ’s Corporate Court rights.

- It’s still not clear just how legal this arrangement is, but it’s the Corporate Court’s rules to follow, and since they were in a mood to punish NeoNET and give a seat to any corp not led by Richard Villiers, they were willing to not analyze the deal too closely.

- Mr. Bonds

There has been a ton of speculation about what Spinrad gave up to win that prize. Most people focus on something besides cash, because what does Richard Villiers need more money for? Speculation runs the gamut from having someone rubbed out to acquiring a rare artifact to making a place for Villiers’ old running buddy, Miles Lanier.

- I’d warrant the latter is closest to the truth, and I’d add that everyone should pay close attention in about nine years when the lease runs out. There’s going to be some serious maneuvering then.

- Dr. Spin

- That maneuvering has already started.

- D Cline

- Who the hell is that?

- Glitch

The end result put Spinrad Global in the Big Ten, so we’re caught up!
