---
id: PP-0097
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: \<<\<5.5 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<\<5.5 MP removed/archived by SysOp-01>>>**

- Sorry again, all. Okay, Aztechnology is all about modern interpretations of ancient Aztec culture. It influences everything from personal conduct and interpersonal relationships to fashion and entertainment. Problem is, there’s not too much data about what exactly “ancient Aztec culture” was like. So in a nutshell, they simply re-invented it for the Sixth World. One thing is for certain, the official religion of Aztlan and Aztechnology, known as “The Path of the Sun,” is practiced with just as much zeal and vigor as any of the religions known today … for better and for worse.

- Glitch

- And caused a lot of problems with old Mexico’s Catholic population when the nation transitioned into Aztlan. Despite Catholicism and other non-Aztec religions being outlawed, many of the previous religions are still practiced—in secret and on penalty of death in many cases.

- Marcos

- Hey chums, whatever is going on with Aztechnology, I think it’s getting worse, or they’ve decided to take the kid gloves off. I’ve been doing some of my own digging into these hit lists. Long story short, I was following a lead on some paydata regarding Aztech’s current happenings and got jumped by a team of deckers—fraggers damn near bricked my best deck! Anyway, they were trying to prevent me from downloading this data file fragment I found, posted practically out in the open on a popular (but exclusive) Matrix hangout that no longer exists because it was completely crashed by some Matrix strike team. I also managed to get a partial date/time stamp on this; it was sent sometime in July 2076.
