---
id: PP-0363
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Top Talent Sharon Chiang-Wu
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Top Talent Sharon Chiang-Wu

Here’s a fun fact about Sharon Chiang-Wu: her detractors within Wuxing have started calling her “Cixi,” after the dowager empress who ruled the Imperial China for almost fifty years. The original Cixi took control of the empire by engineering a coup after her husband died, ruled with an iron fist, and ended up as a laughingstock when her efforts to prolong her own power led to the collapse of the entire dynasty.

Sharon Chiang-Wu is probably scarier than the real Cixi, because unlike the Empress Dowager, Sharon’s too competent to become a laughingstock anytime soon. When she convinced Wuxing’s board of directors to evict her husband as CEO and appoint her in his place, she had to deal with the company being under siege from outside while trying to fend off a civil war with Wu Lung-wei’s supporters. She’s not only done that, but actually strengthened her own position enough to quiet some of her rivals even as she faced down threats from Wuxing’s competition.

One of the reasons Sharon has been able to secure her hold over Wuxing is run-of-the-mill corporate politics. Her willingness to take radical approaches to solve the company’s problems meant replacing a lot of the old guard with hand-picked appointees who knew they owed her their job. Sharon had the good sense to make sure the executives she ousted found similar positions in other areas of Wuxing or its subsidiaries, or at other corps that weren’t direct competitors. Or sometimes she just made sure that they got golden parachutes to soften the blow to their dignity.
