---
id: PP-0212
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Education
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Education

This might be the area most associated with the Renraku name (besides electronics) because they slap their brand on _everything_ here. If you

don’t have a Renraku linguasoft, then you probably haven’t traveled much. They dominate that market and have a wide range of offerings, from pure translators to software that can help you gain language skills for yourself. This is only one part of their education offerings, though. Their corporate schools are regularly lauded, to the point that non-Renraku citizens regularly petition for the few open seats they have.

- When you say that Renraku’s schools are lauded, remember who’s doing the lauding. It’s not exactly a coalition of free thinkers and open minds saying that Renraku schools are good— it’s corporate rankers whose priority are people who will do what corporations need them to. These schools are oriented to turning out people who color inside the lines. Next time you get a chance, sit down and have lunch with someone who graduated from a Renraku school and explain to them what your life is like, and watch their mind slowly explode.

**>** Cosmo

- Yeah, because Renraku corp citizens are always sitting around like, “I don’t have lunch plans tomorrow! I should probably hang out with the next criminal who calls me!”

**>** Pistons

While their youth education system is extensive, it isn’t a big profit center. Their adult education system is another story, and the two systems are intertwined. Their classroom efforts are closely observed, and evaluators watch for both the content and the people who do well molding young minds. Then they turn those people into marketable education offerings. Sometimes it’s a single lecture (e.g., the popular “Megacorporation on the Hill” series, a kind of triumphalist history of megacorporate evolution, started as a twelfth-grade economics lecture in Hong Kong), while other times it’s an entire course offering, like their Language Advantage courses, which focus not just on teaching you a language, but how to use it in specific contexts that will give you the upper hand in negotiations. Are their claims overhyped? Probably. But they’ve helped sales, and that’s made their adult education offerings into a fine combination of profitable business and social engineering force—which is a great one-two punch, from a corporate point of view.
