---
id: PP-0081
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Help Wanted
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Help Wanted

In many ways, working for Ares defines what shadowrunning is like. Mr. Johnson hires the team for a job, gives you information (never enough, but a good start), then sets you loose to gather information, like a prototype, smash the place up, move or remove people, and so on. They don’t take things personally, they’ll hire a group that made a run on them a month ago without batting an eye, they pay decently, and,more importantly, a team that does well several times starts climbing the ranks, getting access to better gear, better pay, and better perks. Since Ares is arguably the most sprawling of all the corps—and certainly the one most invested in the UCAS—they have the most corporate shadowrunners, teams that made it to the Big Leagues and got elevated to Top Men, working for Ares and _only_ Ares. Fully half of the jobs you get hired for are taking a crack at another arm of Ares due to the infighting and blind spots, and that means that betrayals are a bit more common than usual. “Nothing personal, just business” are the watchwords you never want to hear, but taking standard precautions will get you through it. Ares just doesn’t have that honor streak that makes things go sideways when working for a Japanacorp, or the meddling of a Saeder-Krupp, or the dirtier aspects of Vory-aligned Evo work. As far as Ares is concerned, it’s all part of the cost of doing business.

Anyone have some jobs they want filled, we’re opening up the Help Wanted restrictions a bit. Post ’em if you got ’em!

- Platinum Records is always looking for the Next Big Thing, and to try to get a sound that’s outside the norm, they’ve decided that throat singing is due for a big comeback. While there are a few bands who can pull it off, marketing research shows that

the big winner is the Tru, an all-troll band in Mongolia. Mr. Johnson wants to hire a crew who can escort him there, take care of any local problems, and get him safely where he can get to negotiating, so this one involves baby-sitting. As an added complication, the Tru have gone into Inner Mongolia’s Gobi Desert for a spiritual retreat, and Mr. Johnson has quarterly profits to meet, so he can’t wait for them to find their center and return. Standard rate, but transportation is provided, and Mr. Johnson has a history of tossing out bonuses for a job well done. Speaking of bonuses? I have outstanding bounties for Mongolian Death Worms, so if you run into a few out in the sand, make sure to bring them back (dead, not alive, thank you!) for me.

**>** Am-Mut

- Just a heads-up? Mitsuhama’s caught wind and wants to hire them, if only to deny Ares a win. You might have non-local hostiles to deal with.

- Kia

- Seattle natives? I’ve got an in with Karen King. If you want to help her out with her cowboy problem, the pay’s not great, but being owed favors from her is worth it. If you pick up any dirt on the other five, I can get you a fair price, but Wilson’s the big money.

- Bull

- On the flipside, I have two contracts open against King. One’s the standard information gathering. The other’s wetwork.

- Red Anya

- For those who have a grudge against Ares but don’t want the risk of the above jobs, I’ve got a few from Mr. Johnsons around Northern Virginia (and Atlanta) who would love to cost Ares some profits. Standard datasteals and sabotage, but also monkeywrenching. Great for those who want to make a bit of patriotic fireworks.

- Kay St. Irregular

- Always work on the cutting edge of fashion. Know any trendsetters? Think you know a band ready to break out? Have a pretty face that needs to be the next one to adorn advertising blimps all over Manhattan? Ping me!

- Dr. Spin

- The split between Detroit and Lincoln is still piping hot. I know people on both sides of this one and I’m not getting involved, but if you’re interested, I can pass some things along. Just … don’t scratch the paint, please?

- Turbo Bunny

- A little seagull passed word that some people aren’t happy about South Florida being reunited with the rest and being absorbed into the CAS. As angry as they are against Ares, they’re even angrier about the Miami lords who sold the nation out in the Hundred Hour War. Anybody want to go on a pirate adventure?

- Kane

**==> picture [17 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: POWER PLAYS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**>** Has anybody got information on Daniel Truman? Anything at all? **>** Sunshine
