---
id: PP-0259
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Lofwyr
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Lofwyr

While outsiders often call him “the dragon,” or various other names, as an S-Kian you would rather call him “President Lofwyr,” or “ _Herr Generaldirektor,_ ” which is something you (have to) learn fast. I faced the boss several times, and his presence (as a dragon, as well as his metahuman form) leaves a lasting, intimidating impression—and not only because you’ll likely soil yourself out of fear, despite all professionalism. As a human, his golden eyes pierce right through you; as a dragon, his glorious, golden scalation and his sheer size renders you speechless—even among the great dragons there are few that can measure up to the Gold Master (which, according to a dossier I read, seems to be the translation of his draconic name). In any form, he is surrounded by a permanent aura of power. Apart from his razor-sharp mind and ability to follow very complex technical explanations, the tone of his dealings with his subordinates is set by the hierarchy that characterizes his corporation. His instructions are cold, precise, and issued in a commanding tone that tolerates no dissent and could spontaneously freeze water. His conduct contradicts the image of a benevolent all-father corporate leaders attempt to convey. He is a strong believer in survival of the fittest, a philosophy that extends to his relationship with his adversaries and enemies. If provoked, Lofwyr can be extremely unforgiving and vindictive. In some cases, certain organizations, or people (such as Aithne Oakforest), makes him so furious, his office needs to be renovated. These are exceptions; most of the time, his anger is ice-cold, and only a few people can make him lose his self-control.

Normally, Lofwyr spends the majority of his time in his “office” (which actually is more of a chamber loaded with SOTA electronic equipment) where he processes the incredible amounts of data provided to him by S-K Prime and the new Oversight Office.
