---
id: PP-0042
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Brokerage X
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Brokerage X

Insider trading is something regular people aren’t supposed to do because corporations would like to reserve that tool for themselves. Brokerage X exists to bring this tool to the people. If you find some sensitive paydata or do significant damage to a corporation, Brokerage X wants to know, and they’ll manage your account and any others they have accordingly. This can multiply your earnings significantly (and if you don’t currently own shares in a company and don’t have any liquid assets, don’t worry—stock markets have long since evolved tools that keep that from being an obstacle).

Making money for runners is nice, but how does this bring about a revolution? The secret is that Brokerage X has been around for more than a decade, and they have amassed a large roster of clients. Their goal is to have some ownership stakes that allow them to use their collective voice to influence corporate activities. They play their cards close to the vest, so it’s not clear how close they are to their goal, but their day will come.

**>** No, that’s not their goal. They don’t want to just ask corporations to be slightly nicer. They want to bring them down. Their gathering their holdings to wait for the right time to sell a bunch of them, driving down prices that might cause some major crashes. They want to use what they have to help burn the whole thing down.

**>** Sounder
