---
id: PP-0227
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Help Wanted - Data Wars
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Help Wanted

## Data Wars

I talked about this earlier—the battle of Big Data is in large part a battle of hackers, so if you’re ahacker, get in the game. Faking data, stealing data, guarding data, analyzing data, recovering lost data—it’s all there. And if you think that sounds bland, let me tell you about a friend who was in the Resonance Realms recently, using a chainsaw and a hand cannon to fight off a multi-tentacled musk ox/ octopus/naga thing while swarms of hornets the size of sparrows descended on a field of flowers with long, poisoned thorns. When the stakes are this high, the work is anything but normal.

This includes deep Matrix dives. Unsurprisingly, Renraku is wary of what’s going on in the Foundation of the Matrix and any Matrix weirdness. They don’t want any of it surprising them. They fund a decent amount of deep dives, some purely for data-collection purposes.

- These are fantastic! You don’t even have to show a concrete result, just that you made it down to a certain level of the Foundation. Then you just share recordings from your run. Good money and not all that dangerous.

- Whippet

- First, I hope you’re very careful with how much data you share with them. It’s too easy for information about your devices to be entangled with your recordings, and corps can use that in various terrible ways. Second, I’m glad you had a good trip down, but never forget how dangerous the Foundation can be. Protosapients are down there. The Null Sect is still down there. Wild hosts are out there. There is a lot that can go wrong. Watch yourself.

- Netcat


worker to a new startup? Convince them their life was in danger if they stayed in their old position? Mess with their head so they can barely remember anything about their old life? Those are just some of the possibilities.
