---
id: PP-0156
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Excellence in Execution
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Excellence in Execution

Horizon isn’t a match for the other megacorporations in tangible areas. They simply don’t have the same extensive production facilities and physical presence, but when it comes to the intangibles, they play huge roles in those markets. The areas of public relations, media and entertainment, market predictions, and social consciousness may not have the meaty, real-world feel of heavy industry, arms manufacture, tech design, or physical security, but they make money without the need for materials and massive personnel demands. These four small yet lucrative fields are the bread and butter of Horizon’s money-making machine.

In the world of public relations, Horizon plays second fiddle to no one. Claim Aztechnology PR is better and I’ll hit you with a hundred campaigns where they went head-to-head and Horizon came out on top ninety-nine out of those one hundred times. At the top of that PR empire sits **Charisma Associates** , the premier name in shaping public image and opinion. As most of their efforts are externally aimed, they have a slightly different feel than other Horizon subsidiaries. The Consensus is still very much a part of CA, but the employees

under the CA umbrella have their responses to the daily polls automatically downshifted on the HIP (Horizon Internal Persona) score due to “excessive external influence.”

Before I move on, check out this [link].

In the eyes of CA, there is no such thing as bad publicity. Any time you can get your name into the ears and out of the mouths of others, you’re winning the publicity battle, even if it’s bitching about the latest up-and-coming simstar and their battle with BTL addiction or talking about the ratings slipping on the latest season of _Who Wants to Marry a Mage?_ We all know the positive stuff is good for business, but even the negative can be spun by the PR gurus at CA. They want you to talk. They want you to keep mentioning Horizon and Spectrum and Pathfinder and Singularity and the Consensus, because the more you mention it, the more people gain a peripheral awareness. Once that’s there, CA knows how to turn that sliver of knowledge into a beacon of the brand.

- Charisma is a terrifying foe. They hire more runners than every other part of Horizon combined. This knowledge of the shadows, combined with a desire to avoid negative attention, means they have a reputation for treating runners who perform at a substandard rate rather harshly.
