---
id: PP-0031
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Zurich-Orbital - Gemeinschaftsbank Account
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Zurich-Orbital

## Gemeinschaftsbank Account

The megacorporations have pretty much all the money in the world—why does it matter where they keep it? It matters because keeping money in the Zürich-Orbital Gemeinschaftsbank is not about earning interest. It’s about controlling the economy of the world.

There is a lot of complicated economic theory involved here, so we’ll cut to the chase: Z-OGB issues the nuyen, and the value of the nuyen is connected to the investments the Big Ten have placed in the bank. That gives all of them the power of currency manipulation, and they’re all willing to use it. They won’t go wild, as huge swings in the value of the nuyen serve absolutely no one. But a touch of devaluing here, a bit of inflation there can have a shrinking or magnifying effect on corporate profits. For this reason, members of the Big Ten are usually quite secretive about their plans for Z-OGB investments, and any inside information about what they’re doing is worth a bundle.

- Which means it’s also incredibly tough to get. Remember, the Corporate Court is also home to the Grid Overwatch Division, and they take the security of the Court and anything related to Zürich-Orbital more seriously than anything. Only attempt a Matrix raid on these holdings if you’re okay with your brain being fried.

- Orbital DK

- Says the woman who has made multiple such raids.

- Slamm-0!
