---
id: PP-0015
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Postcapitalist Corporatism
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Postcapitalist Corporatism

- A.k.a. Fascism

- Chainmaker

- That is such twentieth-century thinking. This is much worse, because it’s much more intelligent.

- **>** Mr. Bonds

- As I noted in **No Future** , Ares comes pretty close with their brand. I’d call it neo-fascism. I guess that’s the point the crew is making is that even within this giant umbrella, like the umbrella of AAA megacorporate rule, things get a lot fuzzier the closer we get to the streets.

- Dr. Spin

The first thing to remember is that you are a fish. The second thing to remember is that you are in water. That water is ideology, and the dominant economic system and ideology of the Sixth World are one thing, commonly called postcapitalist corporatism. Economically, it’s capitalist private ownership and control of material resources and debts without the previous incarnation’s tendency to offload debts and liabilities onto public entities because the public entities are also owned and controlled by the same private entities. Laws and practices are adopted based on how well they allow corporations to function. The interests of the state and corpoCONTENTSrations are seen as one in the same, because the state is an arm of the corporate sector.

As is generally the case, the prime function of institutions of the world is to preserve the status quo. When that status quo involves at least some comprehension of individual rights, you at least have something you can work with. When it doesn’t? Then you have what you see all around you. Individual rights are not really a thing. The corporation’s right to exist and make money (“stimulate and grow the economy,” in corporatism-speak) overrides all.
