---
id: PP-0376
source: Power Plays
chapter: General
topic: Hearts and Minds
page: 172
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hearts and Minds

If China is to be reunified, it won’t be through conquest. It would be a spectacular waste of resources for Wuxing to attempt to build an army and sweep through Southeast Asia (certain dictums about avoiding land wars in Asia come to mind). What happened to the UCAS is a bit more of a blueprint for what Wuxing could attempt: getting people to join together or shift alliances because you make them want to. This can mean making them lose faith in their current government, making them worried about threats that might seem too large for a single smaller nation to handle, or making the potential gains from an alliance or partnership too lucrative to pass up.

How do these principles specifically play out in the Chinese Reunification effort? It starts with the Canton Confederation, which has the best relationship with Wuxing of any nation in the area, to the point where many thing Wuxing essentially controls it. Guangxi could be an interesting next target—the pirates and bandits it houses are a perpetual annoyance to both the Canton Confederation and Hong Kong. The non-bandit population of Guangxi tends to have a positive view of the bandits, seeing them as their own Robin Hoods, bringing wealth to the nation that the megacorps can be bothered to provide. Staging false flag operations to make the bandits look more hostile to Guangxi natives is one tool Wuxing is using,

Henan is perhaps a tougher nut to crack. It remains one of the most staunchly anti-corporate nations in earth, and the government remains in firm control of the national economy. That means they would not currently be at all receptive to overtures from Wuxing or the Canton Confederation. Wuxing might need to play a long game there that involves at least two prongs: control of the sacred mountain of Hua Shan and the succession plan for Shaanxi monarch. Grooming the successor (whichever of Queen Michelle’s sons that might be) and weakening Henan’s strength in the enternal fight over the mountain could change things in Henan. Just how it will change is unclear, but

Wuxing believes that just about anything would be an improvement over the current government.

- Remember that people fight over Hua Shan because there is power there, and no one is better poised to unlock is than Wuxing. If Wuxing gains more influence in Shaanxi and thus more control over Hua Shan, it would be good for them and quite bad for the entire rest of the world.

- Lyran

- We all know the government of Henan is humorless and unforgiving, but they’re still better than a megacorp. Work to defend them if you can.

- Old Crow
