---
id: SC-0096
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Not So Free Spirit
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Not So Free Spirit

As the plotline begins, the spirit seeks to have the character connect to them. They teach them or direct them to the right studies and knowledge to gain an affinity for beast spirits. This could include repeat trips to a local zoo with assignments to memorize every plaque and information ARO about its various arcane critters. Or it could be a quest to visit a nearby park, animal sanctuary, or nature preserve and experience the wide breadth of animals that live in the area. While you see the common ones, the knowledge is in the variety. This makes an opportunity for interesting social encounters with local security or shamans, or even just locals who comment on the strange behavior but are drawn in by the character’s strange connection and charm. At the end of all of this study or socialization, the character gains the Spirit Affinity quality (p. 73, _SR6_ )for beast spirits, connecting them to the struggles of their associate.

Then, as the character begins to investigate and cause trouble, their employer sees them as a threat. This could be a slow build, but in the end it is more likely to end up as a solid Hunted quality (p. 137, _Sixth World Companion_ ), as the beast summoner cannot betray the spirits they have a strong connection with for a corporation that just wants to give them money. No matter how good the character hides their coverup, they will get found out. That is, unless they betray the spirits, an action that will have its own vast repercussions.

And once the spirit has been freed, it becomes kin to the runner. The character gains the Dependents quality (p. 75, _SR6_ ) for keeping this spirit happy and stable in their life. While not the standard relationship for this quality, the struggles and strains are still similar enough. The gamemaster can alter the requirements if desired, working in tandem with the player.

beast summoner
