---
id: SC-0179
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Plot Hooks & Adventure seeds - Dead of Night
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Plot Hooks & Adventure seeds

## Dead of Night

The CEO of an almost-A-sized corporation lives in the type of residence that could repel a small army. But that’s only if it’s a frontal assault. The cyber ninja is approached to see if they can get in where an army would fail.

They don’t have to do this alone—astral and Matrix overwatch in particular would be helpful to their effort—but in the end, the boots on the ground are going to belong to the cyber ninja.



Most of the defenses of the compound are automated. It starts with an electrified fence, then moves to a network of cameras and sensors spread out over four acres of lawn space that work to quickly identify any metahuman movement and stop it if it is unauthorized. Roto-drones and Dobermans lie in wait, ready to bring firepower to any spot on the complex. Spirits of air complement the drone security forces.

The house itself has plenty of windows, but it’s bulletproof glass (Structure rating 11). The doors are all Structure rating 16. The walls are made of field stone, but wires are woven through the entire structure so that an attempt to use Shape Stone to get through the walls will trigger an alarm.

Should the cyber ninja find their way inside, they’ll have to deal with flesh-and-blood security, as the CEO has a dozen security guards with Professional Rating 8. The drones and spirits from outside are of course at their disposal.

The main house has three floors, and the CEO is in a bedroom on the third. Sensors and cameras remain omnipresent, and the doorknob to the CEO’s bedroom carries an electrical charge equal to shock gloves (p. 250, _SR6_ ) unless it is disarmed with facial recognition software built into a camera in the door. The software is attuned to anyone who lives in the house, along with the head of the security team.

Should the cyber ninja reach the CEO, their mission is not to kill them. Instead, they are just supposed to collect a vial of their blood. How they do this is up to them, and they are not informed of how the blood will be used—though anyone who knows about ritual magic might have a guess.
