---
id: SC-0391
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Insurance Investigator
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Insurance Investigator

This path is similar to the law firm investigator, in that it’s housed in a corporate office and tied into the organization’s procedures. It’s different, though, in that it doesn’t have quite the variety of the law firm work. A large legal firm has a variety of cases, and their investigators take a lot of angles on these cases. Insurance investigators have some variety, but it’s all in the end about one core thing: determining if submitted claims are legitimate. Was the person who was hit by a runaway Jitnee car hurt as badly as they claim? Have the people whose house burned down covered up the fact that they are smokers? Was the owner of a car in a wreck really driving at the time of the accident, or were they giving their unlicensed child some time behind the wheel? These are the types of questions that occupy the insurance investigator’s time.

While there is some variety there, at the heart of it is one core issue—the insurance company doesn’t want to pay out a single nuyen more than they have to. The insurance investigator, in many companies, has two key jobs: find the truth and save the company money. When there is a conflict, the second one is more important.

This can wear some investigators down. They get tired of trying to deny people as much as they can and always having to side with the corp. Sure, there are cheats and frauds out there, but in their job, the insurance investigator is made to treat everyone as a cheat or fraud, and that gets tiring. They gain a lot of skills in the work, but they decide they’d like to use them help people instead of corps. So they get their license, hang up a shingle, and see what the work of an honest PI is like.

**==> picture [284 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
