---
id: SC-0099
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Backgrounds
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Backgrounds

For the majority of Infected, their nature is more a burden than a boon. Most modern societies don’t take well to the concept of a contagious cannibal as a neighbor, not that they ever did. Vampires and their kin are caught between unnatural need and the simple sin of a survival instinct; unless they die, sooner or later, they must kill. So they flit from shadow to shadow, preying on metahumanity, still possessed of the all-too-human desires to belong, to be wanted, to be respected, yet forced to spill blood. For all that shadowrunners, corporate hit squads, the police, and organized crime may splash red ink on the front page screamsheets, at least they don’t drink it.

Of course, in Aztlan, spilling blood is a sign of divine favor.

From the scarlet-stained heights of sacrificial altars to the sticky floors of bloodsport arenas,

the culture of the land that once was Mexico has turned to a pseudo-historical interpretation of ancient traditions. Primary trid channels considered appropriate for all ages broadcast live metahuman sacrifices—not for entertainment, but as acts of faith. Life sustains the promise of prosperity for Aztlan (and Aztechnology) from such neo-conceptual deities that have inherited the Sixth Age, and while a sun god may bring good harvests, gods of blood and darkness have their place as well—not as enemies to be opposed or appeased, but allies to be pleased and fed. The Bloodpanthers are their avatars.

Composed exclusively of vampires, Bloodpanthers pursue the absolute pinnacle of Aztechnology ideals: calm and mannerly in the boardroom and the ballroom, ruthless in combat and commerce, and mystically trained in blood-soaked thaumaturgy. Identified by the scarlet pelt worn on their left shoulder, personally taken from the Aztlan beast of the same name, Bloodpanthers are an Infected society of elite operators who are free to pursuetheir own ends—so long as they profit, or at least do not obstruct, Aztechnology interests.
