---
id: SC-0097
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: playing Advice
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## playing Advice

Go whole hog! Maybe even literally. As a summoner of beasts, you’ll have a great rep and affinity with animals. Talk to the gamemaster about tweaking Dependents to be your hordes of pets at home that you need to stop off to feed or let out or take for a walk at odd times, maybe even during a run.

Think of personalities for your pets and the spirits you summon and play them up. Maybe one of your regular spirits is a flamingo, if for no other reason than you did one of your first summonings at a zoo with a flamingo pond, and that particular spirit has grown rather attached to you. Let your character be quirky and a little awkward with people. Animals have simple needs, and their social hierarchies aren’t terribly complex. Meanwhile, people lie, cheat, and steal to get what they want or where they want to be. The summoner thinks it’s obvious to prefer animals.

As a summoner, you should go out of your way to protect animals in game. If your team is doing a snatch-and-grab from a lab, ask about test subjects. Send a spirit out to search the building and, with proper levels of stealth, free those harmless, defenseless animals. If the job is near done and you have the mojo and the drain space to spare, summon a sufficiently powerful spirit to handle the task on its own and add a command to go free once the task is complete.

Beast summoners can certainly be played as kindly druidic tree-loving types, but don’t feel limited to that. You can be a people-hating animal defender who looks for pets to free from cars, hunts down animal abusers, or breaks up animal fight rings. Magic and an affinity for animals doesn’t make you instantly nice. Beast summoners can also arise from animal trainers on the other side of those rings and could just see spirits as assets to be sicced on your enemy.

Make sure to check out all the abilities and Powers available to your spirits. Be creative with their uses and the commands you issue. Get quirky with some and even make up a few specific spirits you are summoning each time. Maybe you have a spirit that looks like a dog but shoots lightning that you call Sparky, or a cat that frequently conceals you that you call Midnight.

Make sure to be consistent with how you value the beast spirits versus animals. If you see animals as pets, spirits may well be the same. If you see animals as friends and companions, treat spirits in the same manner. If you see animals as something to be trained and utilized, you may see spirits in a same manner.

When it comes to character creation, first, always make a cool story, but as for attributes and skills, you’ve got focus! Keep those drain resistance attributes high, max out that Conjuring skill, and work those specializations. Take qualities that round out your story but also that benefit the character when the drama and action start.
