---
id: SC-0455
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Non-Government - Organizations/Civil Society
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Non-Government

## Organizations/Civil Society

- **Common life modules:** Academy Training, Adept Training, College/University, Intern, Investigator, Journalist, Lawyer, Mentor, Nurse, Politician, Pragmatic Magician, Technical School, Think Tank, Traveler, Veterinarian

There are countless NGOs, charities, and other civil-society organizations out there that aren’t explicitly organs of the state or particular megacorporations. They are extensions of those things, but they are legally distinct to varying degrees. On one hand, there are countless entities that are performing good works on behalf of metahumanity and the world. However, many of them are also extensions of one or a few powerful individuals. They may be acting for the good of metahumanity, but “the good” is determined by the one paying the bills. No one, from Nadja Daviar at the Draco Foundation to Kenneth Brackhaven of Humanis Policlub North America, is willing to be entirely hands-off when their nuyen is on the line.

Because these entities vary so much in size, scope, and resources, they provide disparate experiences for social adepts. They could have spent a good amount of time fundraising, pushing papers, or acting as a voice for the organization. Being a successful player in the NGO field means being entrepreneurial, and the world of think-tanks and community-building is founded on the principle of “You eat what you kill.” The money is out there, and the social adept with a background in civil soBACKGROUNDSciety has spent much of their career following one piece of fabled advice: “Always be closing.” They have to find donors, determine those donors’ interests, pitch to them in a way that ensures they are able to receive fellowships and endowments and other donations; and then continue the pitch by producing what is desired for the client in order to renew funding for the next quarter, term, or year.
