---
id: SC-0377
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Saving Face
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saving Face

One day, the gun-fu street samurai is approached by members of a local street or go-gang that seems to have a serious beef, evidenced by the fact they try to geek the samurai on sight. If any gangers survive the encounter, they state that they were simply looking to settle the score after the gun-fu street samurai geeked some of their members without provocation. A few days later, contacts reach out to the gun-fu street samurai asking why they geeked another samurai in their sleep a few days ago. The next day, their fixer is slotted, asking why the gun-fu street samurai is now suddenly taking work from someone else. Other similar occurrences indicate that someone is impersonating the player character gun-fu street samurai, right down to the PC’s look and choice of weaponry; even going so far to make their face look like the PC if they are a different metatype; the impostor under the delusion that their face was “taken” from them. Turns out that the impostor is a human wannabe samurai named Jack Hammer (yep) who had a mental break after a local street doc botched some hardware installation, leaving the wannabe with severe delusions. Eventually they decided that they were the PC street samurai and were the victim of some corporate conspiracy to replace them. The impostor has created a list of targets, mostly random people they’ve seen on the streets before, and is killing them off one by one. This not only threatens to tank the PC’s reputation but it’s also creating a long (and dangerous) list of individuals and organizations who want retribution.
