---
id: SC-0103
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Acolyte
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Acolyte

You were chosen. To you, it’s as simple as that, and the life you led before you were uplifted is inconsequential. You were born on the tips of fangs. The gods, the spirits, the ancestors, their representatives embodied in the Bloodpanthers dictated that you should join their ranks, and you have no doubt it is due to your faith. For you, Infection isn’t an asset, but a divine calling. You represent Aztechnology because it is the structure of your religion, not a corporate entity. Your speciality is the mystical arts, the craft of shaping the world of spirit and bringing it forth to the world of flesh. HMHVV has forged you into a conduit to the blood gods, and every swallow is tribute to them. Your hunger is holy.

In the field, you are a mage, pure and simple. The twists are that you have the advantage of regeneration, and you have studied the art of sacrificial metamagics. To your thinking, every kill is a tribute to the gods, and the rush of power you gain is a reward. The idea of freelancing isn’t upsetting, if only because you are free to pursue the whims of faith and the will of your patrons, divine or otherwise. Within Aztlan, you may lodge in or even preside over a _teocalli_ of your own, and you have the support of Aztechnology and its people.

Outside its borders, your faith is far more personal, and the source and center of your metaphysical strength. Of course, while AZT is one of the largest megacorporate entities in the world, its borders are never truly very far off.
