---
id: SC-0135
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: coyote shamans - backgrounds
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## coyote shamans

## backgrounds

Some say that a magician chooses their mentor spirit, whether consciously or by naturally aligning their actions to its will. Others say the mentor spirit chooses the magician, imposing its perspectives and designs upon them. Academics might consider this a chicken-and-egg paradox, but the Coyote shaman wrestles with such questions regularly. Coyote shamans are usually shamanic magicians (natch) with the Coyote mentor spirit, but other traditions with a variation of the same mentor spirit might also fit this archetype.

The common aspect of a Coyote shaman’s background is a troubled childhood, filled with both mischief and tragedy. Most people chosen by Coyote do not fit in easily with the pack, are inclined to stretch the boundaries placed upon them, and especially given to challenging authority. Arbitrary or downright unethical rules just aren’t worth following, and they learned early that the people in authority positions aren’t worthy of respect. If anything, those demanding obedience need to be taught some important lessons about humility and generosity. It was in a dark moment, when the Coyote shaman faced severe consequences for some creative indiscretion, that their mentor spirit first spoke to them. They quickly learned to develop other skills to accompany their magical powers. They made plenty of mistakes and paid hard for every one of them, but they have learned to be wily and discreet as well as skillful and daring.
