---
id: SC-0061
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Terror Artist
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Terror Artist

Fear was always your stock and trade. Messengers hit around the target, professionals stick exclusively to the target, and ruiners blow up the target and everything tangentially related to it. Your job is to haunt and hound them, hunt them. Sure, you eventually kill them, most likely, but your talents are more conducive in making the target go to ground and tracking them where they think they’re safe. You can find all their secrets because they lead you to them, and it’s those secrets that serve you. Alternatively, you might pursue someone who treats your real (and likely hidden) target as a source of backup or defense, using them to flush out the real prey. You’ve also gotten work comparable to a messenger, but frankly, it’s hard to avoid spilling over into the target proper. Where you thrive outside sanctions is interrogations. You know just how to get in their head, make them _want_ to talk. You know that pain and damage aren’t really about making the pain stop, but about the lasting harm the target fears will linger, both of flesh and mind. Cyber can fix the body, and drugs can numb the memories, but can you really deny the scars that brought you there? All of this predicated on the lie that the poor slot is actually going to survive this at all.

Your change didn’t change you all that much. If anything, it simply added new dimensions to the pain you can cause. Infect their family and watch them get eaten alive. Trap them and use your terror to drive them into gibbering catatonia. Sip them slowly, painfully. Threaten to make them like you, and deny them even the few perks and comforts that might bring. You’re a monster, let them worry about the worst of that. Manipulate and torture them over time so that every second is a waking nightmare. You swim in an ocean of fear and blood. Frankly, you can’t believe you get paid for this.
