---
id: SC-0006
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Backgrounds
page: 7
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Backgrounds

Most likely you began life as a SINner and grew up within a traditional education system. In your adolescence, someone came to your school and performed a range of unusual tests. Perhaps they told you what they were looking for, but more likely you did not understand their nature until your magical potential was identified. After that point, all of your education became focused on the study

of magic and the development of your powers. Quite a few people found this way of learning to be stifling, but it suited you. You enjoyed the opportunities for learning, and the thrill of gaining knowledge was as exciting to you as casting spells. Such education, however, comes with a very high price. Unless you came from a very affluent background, your family would not have the means to pay for it. Perhaps they made great sacrifices on your behalf, but most students in your position paid for their education through megacorporate sponsorships. It’s so easy to sign off all your financial concerns in exchange for a contractually obligated term of employment. Most low-income citizens would never see a downside to guaranteed employment and a full scholarship.

The actual experiences of your education were exciting, fulfilling, stressful, and intense. The subsequent employment, however, was most likely stifling after a time. Where once you were able to study topics as they interested you, now your efforts were focused on a corporate-approved objecACADEMICtive. You came to dread the long hours of astral patrol, setting up wards, processing reagents, and preparing the same alchemical concoctions over and over again, day after day. It doesn’t take long for even the most magical things to become banal and mundane when those mystical forces are harnessed into serving predictable profit margins. Some magicians are content with such a life, and there is always steady employment and financial stability available to such people.

So why wasn’t it enough for you? What pulled you from the comfort of a safe and affluent life and into the chaos of the shadows? Perhaps some misfortune befell you, or you became ensnared in intrigue, with the ashes of your former life among the collateral damage. Or perhaps you learned something awful about what your employer was doing with magical research and destroyed your own identity to avoid being forced to work the rest of your contract doing things you could never forgive yourself for. Or maybe it was merely the realization that greater mysteries must be studied outside of the lab or the library, and you felt the need to strike out on your own.
