---
id: SC-0376
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Hot Cargo
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hot Cargo

Ever alert for opportunities to improve their arsenal, the gun-fu street samurai receives a notification from an appropriate contact about some nova-hot, grade-A bang-bangs that are about to hit the local black markets. These firearms/weapons (and accompanying accessories) are of the mil-spec variety from “don’t ask where we got them” sources. Turns out a local gunrunner needs some help to get them into the local sprawl without any interference from outside sources or competitors. So they put out the call for some extra muscle to ride shotgun and then provide some additional security while said items are being offloaded. In exchange for a couple hours’ work, the gun-fu samurai (and any other PCs) are given first dibs on any item in the gunrunner’s stock, incuding up to three magazines/clips or reloads worth of ammo (gamemaster has the final say on what’s in stock and available). Things go off without a hitch, and the player characters are paid as promised. But approximately one month later, a group of mercenaries (Professional Rating 6) come looking for the PCs and anyone who was working for the gunrunners. Seems that said gunrunners ripped off the mercenaries, taking over sixty percent of their arsenal just as they were about to deploy on a contract in the Middle East. This left them unable to fulfill this _very_ lucrative contract, and their reps have taken a rather serious hit. So of course, they want their kilo of flesh from those who stole their stuff. They also want their revenge against the gunrunners (and anyone who bought stolen weaponry), but they want their stuff back and aren’t taking “no” for an answer. This means that, eventually, they’re going to want to have a nice chat with the player characters. These weapons can be anything that has a 5(I) availability rating.
