---
id: SC-0101
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Corporate
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Corporate

Most megacorporate employees are born as citizens of the megacorp that keeps them and cares for them throughout their life. They are born in a corp hospital, grow up in a corp enclave, attend corp school, get a corp job, retire to a corp care facility, and are buried or burned in a corp necroplex. It’s the same for every mega, up to and including AZT. It stands to reason it would be the same for some of their living blood gods. For some Corporate Bloodpanthers, like you, becoming Infected was simply a career decision; embarking on a path of immortal essentiaphagia was treated as dispassionately as installing a sleep regulator or undergoing leónization. You saw the wealth, power, and prestige, and you wanted in. The only question you didn’t consider is whether your lifetime contract is a human lifetime … or a vampire’s.

Of all the Bloodpanthers, you are the least metaphysical. Point of fact, you don’t especially look at things from a physical confrontation point of view, either. You take the Big Picture into account. You’d probably have been called a bloodsucker even before you undertook HMHVV mutation, whether it was audits or lawsuits, because you recognize that the battlefield isn’t restricted to the point of personal combat. Every enemy has a thousand blindspots, a million moving parts, and is a finely tuned machine. Just as it only takes a pound of pressure to break the skin and make all that red life come gushing deliciously out, so too does the merest touch disrupt the operation of a life’s endeavor. By the time the opposition has taken the field, you’ve

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

BLOODPANTHERundermined their arms shipments, alienated them from their contacts, raided their caches, bugged their safehouses, ratted out their fixers, and denied them a good night’s sleep for three days. You approach obstacles from every angle before you ever move directly against them. Every move is dictated with cold-blooded precision and tactical dispassion, the joy of the kill celebrated with the blood and spoils of your target. Shadowrunners like to call someone like you a face, but you’re so much more. Let the muscle beat down the meat—you’re busy disassembling lives.
