---
id: SC-0063
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Operator
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Operator

You got into the Tír military at a young age, whether by virtue of patriotism or paycheck, and displayed the aptitudes necessary to get loaned into various special ops training programs and missions. This saw your eventual ascension into the Ghosts, one of the most elite, feared special ops outfits in the world. You saw action all over, effectively a spy working with a team, but your specialization was as a sniper. You enjoyed the power but respected the restraint, never falling into the trap of thinking just because the target was far away and through a scope that you couldn’t get stabbed in the back. So you leaned on the technical side. Drone ops, spotters and turrets, systems to watch your back. You got so good at it you were called “Spider” by your unit, setting up elaborate webs of fire and crossfire to hit and herd targets, providing backup, cover, and kill lanes for your crew. When politics went to shit in the Tír, you were left in the breeze and went freelance. You ended up on the wrong end of the fangs when the politics kept after you. It’s sheer fucking luck you carried a silver knife, a little memento everyone in your unit got after a particularly hairy op in Cape Town. By the time you woke up to your new life, your would-be killer was already dead.

Your motto has always been to adapt and survive, and that’s what you’ve done. The addition of regeneration and aura sight has been a real boon, but you lost all your ’ware in the transformation, and you desperately want the iron back. You can still operate drones and shoot as well as before, minus the implants that gave you an edge. If you can work your way into the graces of someone with delta tech, you might get it back, and better than ever before. That’s the dream if you want to stay one step ahead of those who still want you dead. But that’s going to take connections, and it’s going to take a _lot_ of cred. For now, what you’ve got is training, time, and a goal. Find some people you can trust (if such a thing is still possible for someBACKGROUNDSone like you), stay alive, get paid, and get stronger. Erase the ones trying to get you, and live easy on the proceeds. The fact you are a monster hasn’t really sunk in yet. You’ll deal with that when you’re sitting pretty on a beach in the Caymans, soaking up the … oh. Right.
