---
id: SC-0114
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Better Living Through Blood Chemistry
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Better Living Through Blood Chemistry

This adventure hook works best with the Puppeteer or Whisper background but can be adapted to any team with Infected members or the means to “safely” interact with them.

This job comes through Aztechnology, perhaps from another Bloodpanther presenting it as an opportunity more than a job. It’s inevitable that any organized and powerful group of Infected are going to butt heads with the Ordo Maximus, arguably the leader in HMHVV research and development. The shadowy organization has long conducted experiments on their own kind, seeking to transcend the limits of HMHVV to uplift themselves into perfect, true immortals. Their strongholds are among the best hidden in the world, concealing secrets of HMHVV, ancient mysteries, cybermancy, sacrificial methodology, genetic modification, and delta-grade cybertech. Any of these make for a worthy prize for extraction. The “client” is less interested in paying for a specific item than they are in a lightning raid for anything you can get. If you want to include a particular target, such as datafiles, genetic samples, deltaware prototypes, or rare and coveted delta docs as payment for the intel, feel free, but this is a looter’s dream. An incomplete layout of the facility may be provided, as well as piecemeal intel on security (which should be imaginative, nightmarish, and esoteric, from cyberzombies to undead minions, to say nothing of bound spirits and Infected initiates), leaving the group to form their own strategy of infiltration. Puppeteers are not only motivated by research opportunities but can contribute expendable pawns for muscle or distraction, while Whispers will likely approach the challenge from a stealth perspective to bypass the many obstacles before them.

Successful extraction can yield many prizes, but the twist is that the client is in the position to turn them into actual profit by fencing them. The group may want to hold on to the deltaware they took, but how would they get it installed, and how would they pay for it? Can they use a delta doc without a delta lab? What is all that research without the lab to analyze and collate so much raw data? Captured foci may make a rich prize, but the more likely payday comes from the client’s exchange rate. Gamemasters take note: This is a chance to mitigate too much pay or open opportunities to lure the group into more jobs to get actual use out of what they took, and one of the very rare opportunities to get on a path to deltaware augmentation (valuable to anyone, but especially the Infected).

BLOODPANTHERbloodpanther
