---
id: SC-0139
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Con Artist
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Con Artist

You were often something of a mischievous nuisance as a child. Your Awakening and the influence of Coyote did nothing to steer you from that course. You always enjoyed lying to people, seeing how much you could trick them, how far you could bring them into the stories that you spun, before they would ultimately realize their error. It might have gotten you into a lot of trouble, but it was usually worth it. And it didn’t take you long to learn how to placate someone and deflect their anger away from you. Add in some magic, and it became all too easy. You began to notice little opportunities to get what you wanted here and there through deceit and magic. Sometimes it was all too easy, but other times it went very wrong. Things came to a head when you successfully tricked someone into giving away an object of great value, thinking it to be something of little consequence. It turned out to be of great consequence, and the person you tricked had some dangerous allies with violent tendencies. Some buildings burned, some people died, and you were forced to run away. It was a devastating blow to you, and you lost people that you loved. But instead of pushing you into despair, it motiBACKGROUNDSvated you to make the best use of your fresh start. You learned from your mistakes, but more importantly, you kept learning new tricks. It wasn’t long before a fixer or similar contact recognized your potential as part of a shadowrunning team.
