---
id: SC-0141
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Street Shaman
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Street Shaman

Your earliest memories are of desperate hunger, shivering cold, and filthy conditions. You never knew your parents, and few people seemed to give a drek whether you survived your childhood. Some people took pity on you from time to time, and you just barely managed to grow up a little. Then Coyote came to you, and everything changed. Spirits performed tasks for you, brought you food, and helped you secure better shelter. You learned a few spells, and used them not just to survive but to help out some of the other desperate people around you. This eventually brought you into direct conflict with the people who preyed on the weakest. But neither you nor they realized how effective your spirits would be at fighting them off. Not at first, at least. With a little practice, you got cleverer and wilier with your deterrents, combining illusions, traps, and other direct spells with the assistance of spirits. It didn’t take long for you to gain a reputation with the other destitute people living on the streets, and the local gangs learned not to mess with you. Eventually, your reputation drew someone to you who invited you to work with a team of shadowrunners. They were offering so much more money than you had ever realized you could make. This might work out well. If you could survive growing up as an orphan in the barrens, how hard can a shadowrun or two be?

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
