---
id: SC-0353
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Predator
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Predator

The predator has embarked on a journey of manipulation to grant them the power needed to provide for their needs. They are reliant upon others the same way that wolves are reliant on deer—they are a source of sustenance. The predator’s realization that they could manipulate others likely started out as adolescent pettiness, creating drama where there was none to entertain and win friends, but they quickly directed it to more beneficial and less trivial pursuits. The predator has few attachments, never forming close bonds with those in their life as they distanced themselves from any feelings of guilt. Of course, few were aware of this, all thinking they mean something special to the face fatale, even those whose soul was crushed by their betrayal.

This background might work better for an NPC rather than a player character. The predator might form an alliance with the team but won’t truly open themselves up enough to be friends with them. They are far more willing to use emotional attachments to charm their mark than the phoenix, even amongst their allies. They won’t burn a useful ally for a few nuyen, but a substantial reward could convince them to deliver their most useful contact. They also won’t hesitate to have a relationship or two outside of the job, just as long as they don’t let their defenses down.
