---
id: SC-0468
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Step 1 to Step Three: Inevitable Challenges and Challengers Process'
page: 153-166
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- adept-powers
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- critters
- toxins
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Step 1

The social adept has developed a rapport with some or all of their teammates. When the teammates make Extended tests, the social adept can support them through Teamwork tests. If the social adept has the Instruction skill, this could also apply to Training tests and the like where the social adept is able to provide morale and support as their teammates improve skills or even some Initiation (this does not, and cannot, work on Submersion). As the social adept invests time as a facilitator for their teammates’ activities, they can perform Extended tests using skills that are not an exact match for the test but could still benefit their teammates. Using the social engineering example, the social adept can perform an Extended Con test to phish targets to gain access into the hosts to place spyware or malware, or to re-arrange passwords. Once completed, the hacker can add the social adept’s net hits to their own Extended test for setting up backdoors and lowering defenses.


## Step 2

As the social adept moves through step 1, they integrate themselves with their teammates into a well-ordered machine that can get ninety percent of the run completed without risking the gunfights, cybercombat, and violence that comes when the team doesn’t mesh and the battle plan is “Walk in the front door spraying machine-gun fire.” The social adept must have Improved Ability (Influence) to move on to step 2. They can perform Teamwork tests with all of their teammates so long as two or more team members have the same or similar skills. These net hits go toward Extended tests to circumvent combat by tactics such as silently infiltrating and exploiting Matrix, magical, and physical vulnerabilities; or using the team’s skills to create exploits by influencing or otherwise engaging spiders, security, and other essential personnel associated with the target.

This may end up resulting in mini-runs to reach and exploit those individuals or systems, but the net result is that when the actual run goes off, the threat level and potential for violence has been reduced significantly, and the gamemaster will take that into account when conflicts and unexpected situations arise.


## Operations Ace

## Stating Point

The social adept is such a master manipulator and expert at recognizing cues and behaviors in themselves and others, including their teammates, that they are able to use their skills to make the team deadlier in combat and more effective in carrying out jobs with fewer complications or conflicts. The social adept has to have points in the Improved Ability (Influence), and Combat Sense adept powers, and the Small Unit Tactics knowledge skill (p. 86, _Firing Squad_ ).


## Step 1

By investing 10 Karma, the character has become so competent and confident in their combat prowess that they are able to use the Combat Sense power offensively because they walk into these situations not only tactically aware, but they also project their martial power through their social skills (projecting auras of confidence, competence, and steel will). This puts their targets at a disadvantage through intimidation and deception, and it gives the social adept +2 Attack Rating on any attack, provided the weapon they are using has a positive rating at the relevant range.


## Step 2

The social adept can coordinate more effectively with the rest of their team through their Influence (Leadership) skill and other abilities to communicate quickly, clearly, and broadly. With _direct experience_ in running tactics (meaning they have done it in at least three jobs) and an expenditure of 15 Karma, the social adept has two options:

1. Allocate Situational Edge to multiple team members for every two hits over the threshold when making a Small Unit Tactics test. For example, the social adept is designated the leader and scores 5 hits on the test. They can allocate Edge to two team members during the combat maneuver instead of just one.

1. For every two hits over the threshold when making a Small Unit Tactics test, the combat maneuver can be performed on the initiative pass of a player one step higher in initiative order than normal. For example, the social adept is designated the leader and scores 5 hits on the test (2 net hits). They allocate Edge, and the combat maneuver occurs on the third-lowest member’s initiative instead of the lowest member’s.

**==> picture [17 x 146] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHADOW CAST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>




## Step 3

The social adept is so familiar with the team’s capabilities and has honed their analytical and planning skills so well that they can recognize and circumvent flaws in the initial run plan, and they are able to refocus on the fly when the run inevitably goes sideways, with less chance of the team ending up in even more drek than before. Over time and with a 15 Karma expenditure, the team can run a Teamwork test against a general Run Difficulty threshold with the social adept as the leader. For every two hits on the leader’s test above the threshold, the team earns one floating point of Edge to use during the mission. If a serious complication occurs during the run where the team is able to communicate and make a Teamwork test, then they may earn 1 point of Edge for anyone on the team to use to account for the team being able to successfully pivot and survive when things go awry.


## social adept

## playing advice

Social adepts have the potential to be the most powerful or the most worthless team members. It is quite dependent on the type of team and runs your group plays. There is a natural tendency for the social adept to be the team leader, as they are most likely to have the skills that would naturally direct them to such a role, or else they are a subordinate and a possible troublemaker and usurper because they can influence other members away from any authority (or team consensus). The common image of the face as enhanced by adept abilities is that they aren’t trustworthy, or worse, that they can’t be lied to. The social adept has abilities that make them able to see through most normal characters’ motives and intentions, and they are likewise able to convince most people of anything the adept wants them to believe.

The social adept has a lot to do during the negotiation and legwork parts of a run, but they can sometimes struggle during more physically active sections. This doesn’t have to be the case, though. While the social adept may not be able to talk enemies into not attacking, as long as they have bystanders or a commlink, there are actions they can take. These include:

- Convincing bystanders to move to safety and maybe call someone who can help the team, whoever their allies might be.

- Call law enforcement or security to convince them to come and arrest their opponents, portraying themselves and their team as innocent victims defending themselves.

- Taking footage of the fight and sending it to contacts to gather info on the identities of the participants.

- Showing live footage of the fight to Mr. Johnson to ask for extra support, or maybe a pay raise.

Of course, the social adept could also go ahead and get a few ranks in hacking or combat to make them more versatile. The point is, they have options.



## STREET DOCTOR

**>** I get asked more times than I care to count, “Hey Doc, how do you reconcile that hypnotic oath or whatever with all the violence out here on the street?” My answer is always pretty simple. My Hippocratic oath (I always correct them) boils down to doing no harm. Way I look at it, once the lead starts flying and their effort is to do me harm, I know I can reciprocate, so I don’t seek to harm. Harm implies an ability to repair. Something damaged can be fixed. Once the bullets and blades start

swinging for those sweet spots, it’s game over, and I’m going to end your life faster than you can harm mine, and end it in a fashion that can’t be fixed. I’ve had colleagues who don’t work with me after that, since they see it as overly brutal. I see it as a way to hold to my morals and survive in a world where mercy is weakness.

Now, don’t get me wrong—if you send Stick-n-Shock or gel downrange or you’ve got that stun baton set on low, it’s a battle of the pacifist. But you swap a mag of ex-ex and take a single potshot, your seconds above daisies are numbered.

Now, on the bright side, if that electro-slinger goes down from one of my mates, ain’t nothing stopping me from taking a tick to

triage and get ’em stable. The oath still stands when I’m not at the center. A weird quirk, but it’s my weird quirk.

If you want to hear more and chat old street stories, swing by the Blue Flame or Under Construction out in Redmond. I’m usually at one or the other, as I’ve got clinics nearby.

**>** Doc Lycus

Street docs aren’t always the pacifists. The streets are rough, and plenty of docs who patch up holes in people will also make some new ones. It all comes down to who’s paying and how they apply the Hippocratic oath—do they only do no harm when acting as a medic, do they work to carve out as many exceptions for themselves as possible, or do they try to make it a guiding principle for their entire life? Their philosophies, ideals, and experiences are inevitably intertwined, and they work together to make the street doc who they are—and how people see them. Do they call you Angel because you swoop in to save them, do they call you Reaper because they know what you bring withyou, or do they just call you Doc because that term holds both respect for who you were and a touch of friendship for what you mean to the team?


## street doc

## Backgrounds

Street medics come from all walks of life, but the single thing that connects them is their medical expertise. That expertise may have come from journeys down different roads. They may have learned their skills formally in some educational venue or worked closely under a skilled street doc who wanted to pass down their wisdom. Or maybe they were born with a gift to heal that they mask as modern tech to save them the strain of perpetual drain.

It’s the very rare individual who learns to be a street medic from hopping on the Matrix and watching DIY trids (it’s also not necessarily the one you want on your team—but when the bleeding starts, it’s better than nothing). The street doc is going to have formal training from a school or training institution or mentor (usually with a bit of a rep). This education sometimes comes with baggage. A medic trained by a corp is going to be taught differently than a medic taught at a university in the UCAS. They could have also learned at a school in Amazonia. Regardless of the venue, they will have learned some of the same basics, but bedside manner, ethical mores, and rules of triage are going to be different depending on the nature of the school, its corporate connections, and its overall quality. Some institutions focus on making money by creating researchers and innovators, some make money by creating treatments rather than cures, others focus on making a genuine difference. That means that where you learn can help to define the type of street doc you become and the character and part you play in the tale of your team.

Secondly, let’s looks at why you’re a street doc and not a regular medic. You learned the skills, but what got you relegated to the lowest rung on the healthcare pyramid?


## The Side Hustle

You may have been young, driven, independent (and poor) and trying to pay your way through school. Maybe you started with some scholarship money, but when it ran out or when money got tight, you discovered that even the basic knowledge you could offer was worth something down in the shadows and cracks of Sixth World society. You started to supplement income with an illegal practice, got caught, and all those hopes of the formal future faded. Still, you had the foundation, the access to education, and patients willing to let

you “practice” on them. Then again, maybe you didn’t get caught, but instead realized you had the basics, and you could keep learning on your own and making money instead of paying it out to a school or building debt with a corp. You made the choice to slip away rather than be forced out, and since then you’ve had an attitude like you beat the system. It was the first step toward continuing to beat it in the shadows.


## The Bad Corporate Fit

Let’s check out another avenue and be brutally honest: The corps don’t care about you unless you’re making them money, and even then you need to fit a certain expected paradigm. Many well-trained docs just lose their passion after their thousandth cyber replacement of a perfectly good eye or installing their hundredth cortex bomb into key personnel because it’s better to lose the asset than the data the asset can pass along. To find that thrill, these skilled surgical street seraphim slip out and do those procedures that give them joy, or at least a thrill. Like the intensity of repairing a gut-shredding bullet wound or taking several sly slipaways to install a couple super-jacked cyber legs so some runner can jump two stories without breaking a sweat.


## Professional Misfortune

Sometimes it’s not a choice, though. Sometimes the medic is in the shadows because something went really wrong in their professional life.

Maybe they were a former doc who skirted that line, and when the bosses found out, they were straight-up screwed by their corporate masters. A couple of runners get hired to set up a simple fake call for help, and it turns out the real job is to off the doc and make it look like street violence. But what smart and savvy street runner squanders a perfectly good hole patcher? Some negotiations, a little creative corpse conjuring, and all of a sudden that screwed-over doctor is now a key member of the team. You may need to teach them which end of the barrel should point toward the bad guys and how to overcome any possible tendencies toward non-violence, but the effort could well turn out to be worth it.


## Rapid Rise, Rapid Fall

Let’s look at another route. You’re a whipsmart corp kid who just picks up medical knowledge like it’s nobody’s business. School is going great, you’re on a fast track to get that high-end internship with a lock in for residency and then he/she/ they come along. Parties and pants-down fun start trumping study groups. A few wild nights make for some “awesome” trid footage, and suddenlythat footage is hanging over your head for release if you don’t snag some special chems from the pharmalockup. One time turns to ten, and eventually you’re caught with your hand in the candy jar. Rather than face the law, you drop out of school and start selling your unique set of skills on the street.


## Sidelined by the Corps

But maybe you weren’t young and brash. Maybe you’re old and sick of the system. Maybe you’ve seen too many of those in genuine need get pushed aside for the corporate brat with the sprained ankle. You took the high road and put medicine before money.

And paid the price. Your corp pushed you further and further down the ladder. Your debt reduction shrunk and shrunk to the point that you were barely making enough to pay the debt and put food on your family’s table. Then came the offer. Do a little off-the-books work, and things can get better. They even offered opportunities to make the difference you wanted to in the first place. But each clandestine cauterization, each stealthy stitching, and each bandaged bullet wound was being watched. In the end, they built their case. They didn’t kill you, you’ve got skills, but they offered your contract to some low-rent chop shop like CrashCart or DocWagon. Problem is, they weren’t paying for family baggage, and now you’re working a dangerous game to build enough funds and friends to pull your family out before they find a new benefactor. In the end, ethics don’t help balance your accounts.


## Working Outside Channels

Another possibility is maybe you got your education in a nation where degrees are often not recognized outside their borders, but that didn’t change your training and it definitely doesn’t change your skill. You may not speak the local tongue with perfection, but you speak the language of healing, and that’s all that matters. Your problems arise with connections back home. You leaned heavily on your family to get you through your education, and now you need to send that support back home. The problem is, corporate masters want loyal and untethered tools, so the shadows are the only place you find to make nuyen to send home. Problem is, you spend too much time focusing on sending money back to your family, which means you lost sight of the corporate security watching you like a hawk. And when that hawk comes down to swoop on you, the only place to go is deeper into those shadows. From there, you need to figure out how to protect your family from retribution or from being taken hostage to force your return and obedience. Patching others up beBACKGROUNDScomes a means to gain favors, get allies, and eventually get your family to somewhere safe—though that safe place is often the dangerous streets and shadows of the city where you run.

You can’t forget those who have the knowledge and skills, gained in an innovative way (like the Matrix via virtual surgery or emergency games or programs), who decide to take those virtual skills into the real world. The problem is, no one ever gave them a digital degree, which means they lack official credentials. But how many runners go through the effort of background checks and vetting their teammates?

Not enough.

In the end, usually desperation or necessity win out over the effort to make sure “Doc” is some kind of real doctor. Can they patch up that hole from the hot lead or mend those fried nerves from that lightning bolt? If the answer is yes, you’ll call them whatever they want. Trouble is, at some point you might get a case you can’t patch up—and the chummers of the poor slot you couldn’t save take it personally. They dig a little, and suddenly you’re in hot water trying to make them understand or trying to duck and run. Maybe the people you succeeded in patching up can help.

Stories stacked inside of stories, omae!


## Character creation recommendations

- **Attributes:** Willpower 5, Logic 6, Intuition 4

- **Skills:** Biotech (First Aid or Medicine) 6, Electronics 4, Engineering 3, Perception 5

- **Knowledge skills:** Medical Equipment, Medical Practices, OmniStar Culture

- **Positive qualities:** Analytical Mind, Indomitable, Toxin Resistance

- **Negative qualities:** Addiction (Novacoke, Level 1 or 2), Combat Paralysis

- **Life modules:** College/University, Intern, Janitor, Medical Doctor, Nurse, Research Scientist, Event: You were overwhelmed, but things worked out


## street doc

## Plot Hooks & adventure seeds

## Helping Hand

A low-level fixer named Fitz calls or drops a message on your commlink about a job, providing a place and time to meet him, saying he has work for you and a small team. At the meet, he explains that he needs

you for some local assistance. A small neighborhood has gathered some funds to hire the team. It’s not great pay, but the neighborhood also has a former CrashCart clinic they’d be happy to rent to the street medic for a low rate. It still has all the equipment inside after the landlord locked out the last tenants for dealing street drugs in the neighborhood.

The job itself is a straightforward protection gig with a side bit of chasing off or redirecting the problem gang away from the area.

The gang started as peddlers for the dealers at the CrashCart clinic, but when the clinic got shut down, they settled in up the street and opened a small candy store, Sweet Treats, that acts as a front for drug sales and prostitution. They have a new supplier for the drugs and are suspected of kidnapping or coercing several local youth to work as joyboys and joygirls.

While the pay is low, the long-term clinic operations could be enticing, and the team can gain a neighborhood to slip away from the heat when they need to lie low. Karma should get a small bump at the end as well.

The East 20 gang (usually known as the E2s) has twenty-five total members, twenty of whom call this neighborhood home, while the last five moved into the area after joining. The leader is a former Lone Star cop who got fired for stealing evidence, specifically drugs, to sell on the street. He grew up in the neighborhood and came back to settle in and set up shop with a new gang of boys in blue. The five newcomers to the neighborhood are his hub of protection, production, and neighborhood control. Two are former Lone Star cops, two are former chemists from KondOrchid, and the last is a street mage he used to sell to on the regular.

The mage has a tempo addiction and has erratic mood shifts accordingly. Also, one of the chemists is a monad. They have no desire to spread their code, but they love bringing the highest highs to clients and occasionally toss a few programmed nanites into the mix. The two Lone Star cops are a mixed bag. One is hardcore and looking to get revenge on Lone Star and the entire corporate system, the other isn’t actually “former” Lone Star and is in fact undercover, trying to see if this gang and their drug running is worth bringing down or if they might lead her to bigger fish up the chain.

It’s a complicated front, but the locals want them out. They don’t want the drugs and prostitution continuing to mar their neighborhood.

Initial investigation should involve a talk with low-level gangers to get a meet with the bosses. The gangers play street tough and pretend to not be afraid of the runners, but they know the reputation of shadowrunners and that they’re playing a dangerous game of chicken.

The other option is recon and surveillance to get a feel for the upper echelon and decide if they can be taken down with minimal trouble. They could alsohit a two-prong attack, but if the low-level street toughs mention runners poking around, the bosses will be on edge (+1 Edge for detecting surveillance and +2 dice pool for noticing surveillance).

Because the gang is run partly by ex-law dogs, they know when things are about to get bloody and have no problem suggesting moving the business elsewhere. The problem is, the leader of the gang was possessed by a shadow spirit a bit back, and they like the misery of this place. They’ll push to make it worse, and that gives the runners an in for breaking up the gang from the inside out.

The gang’s base has a small front area that has candies of all varieties. Behind the counter is an old-school barred door that leads to a small foyer with a pair of doors, one marked “Candy” the other marked “Treats.” “Candy” leads to the prostitution den, where all of the entertainment is named for various candies. “Treats” leads to a small room with a set of glass counters and a few dealers looking to talk you through your drug purchase.

Candy’s space leads up to a modified series of twenty small apartments. There is also a stairwell down to the basement where there are living spaces for the workers and the gangers.

Overall, it’s three stories above ground and two below with a garden apartment and then a basement under that. The garden apartment has a front and back entrance, as does the main floor up a series of six steps. The back of the home has balconies on each floor and an access to a rooftop flat that has a sitting area for socializing and partying.

The gang can be threatened and chased out with a little push. The problem is, the wiped-out gang has connections to former cops and someone will look into it, so the team (maybe the medic) needs to have a way to clean up the mess. Organleggers, ghouls, or the classic river/forest dump might work, but you can never be sure.


## It’s Your Oath, Not Mine

The character gets a request to come down to a local clinic (or they go to their own clinic) to handle some triage and trauma care after a serious gang fight between the Nine Lives and Alpha Dogs in the neighborhood left dozens injured. The clinic is treating injured Alpha Dogs.

While treating patients, a Nine Lives ganger arrives and yells to get everyone’s attention. As work ceases or slows, the ganger opens her coat to reveal a vest covered in nails, criss-crossed with wires, and packed with blocks of grey putty that looks an awful lot like C4. They threaten to blow the whole place to hell if the Alpha Dogs don’t return Lady Hellcat. The suicide vest is connected to a pair of dead man’s switches, currently being held in her hands. Releasing either detonates the vest.

After some tense arguing about them not having Hellcat, one of the injured Alpha Dogs mentions

having seen Lady Hellcat getting dragged off by a couple of figures clad in raggedy clothes. He says they pulled her out of the park where they were fighting but didn’t see much more before he went down. They all know ghouls operate in that area and will tell the other ganger to remember that.

The Nine Lives ganger, who goes by Tabby, demands someone go retrieve Lady Hellcat or she’s blowing everyone to kingdom come. The others in the clinic look to the street medic because they know about their other line of work. Tabby is in such a state because Lady Hellcat is her lover.

Gathering the team and heading to the park where the fight went down, the runners find the carnage of a mixed street fight. Spent shell casings, blood stains, and bloody drag marks are abundant, but there are two things missing the runners would expect to find: cops and bodies.

A little legwork into the lack of cops lets them know that this park is a regular gang-fight hotspot. It’s also a regular ghoul-feeding ground. The cops don’t care about the gangers killing each other enough to go investigate and run afoul of a ghoul and catch HMHVV.

The local ghouls are not feral and would never attack investigating police, but they don’t have that same issue with nosey shadowrunners.

Witnesses in the area who saw the gang fight also saw where the ghouls dragged the bodies to. If the runners ask around or check out local social media feeds or hack commlinks for footage, they can see that the ghouls take the bodies to a maintenance building hidden among some trees. They can also follow drag marks and blood trails.

The maintenance building has one normal steel door and a larger garage door. Both are rusty, and neither is locked. They both make large amounts of noise when they’re opened. Inside is a large workroom, a small office, a garage bay, and a stairwell down to the plumbing systems that once handled fountains in the park’s pond and the sprinkler system for the park’s numerous flower beds. All of it is in disarray—in fact, the floor of the basement is flooded with a half meter of putrid water. Near the back of the basement is a hole in the wall that leads to a large sewer tunnel access. About twenty meters from the hole is a large concrete pad above the water level that the local ghouls have set up as their home with several small makeshift buildings and tents. At the far back of the concrete pad is a steel ladder that leads to the surface in the park.

Lady Hellcat is currently in a cage near the center of the ghoul village. She’s alive but wounded. There are two others alive in the cage along with a dozen bodies in varying levels of decay and dismemberment. The two others are Felix and Wolfhound, rival gangers, both mages, who managed to knock each other out with a combination of Stun spell and drain at the same time.



The head of the ghouls here is named Chomper, and he’d be more than happy to trade live meat for live meat. He won’t negotiate for anything less. If things turn violent or the runners threaten violence, Chomper backs off. At which point the dozen other ghouls in the vicinity attack.

After four combat rounds, six more ghouls join the fight from down the tunnel.

If the runners just grab the gangers and run, they can have a running battle as they head for the way out.

The final confrontation comes at the door to the maintenance shed where eight ghouls (including Chomper, if he’s still alive) wait to ambush the runners.


## Clinical Improvements

A trusted fixer reaches out with an interesting job that could pay out in several ways. A typical meeting with a typical Mr. Johnson is arranged, but before the meet, the fixer offers a proposal. They know the job involves stealing a prototype for a new synthetic skin bioware from a small firm that is looking to make a big deal with one of the Big Ten. While the fixer doesn’t want to tell the runners how to do their job, he suggests a larger break-in and theft not just of the prototype but of a lot of the medical gear and equipment in the place. The fixer wants a ten percent cut of Mr. Johnson’s offer and will supply vans, but the runners, and in particular the street medic, get to keep all of the medical equipment.

Mr. Johnson wants the sample skin and all the research and testing data the company has on their system. He also wants that data wiped and no copies made.

Doing a little legwork will reveal the company, Blackstone Body Mods, has five research and implantation clinics catering to high-end clients with rare, unique, or person-specific mods. They’re a boutique body mod setup that is currently independent, but their recent skin-mod prototype that promises full body protection without marring your perfection has caught the eye of OmniStar, which would love to expand their DocWagon division into the cyber/bio implant arena with a hot new product to draw customers.

As for the job, it should be easy. Blackstone is not a mega and can’t afford massive security. The target facility has an aesthetically pleasing decor but is not particularly large. It’s a single-story building on the outskirts of a high-end shopping mall. A well-appointed foyer has seats and a desk for a single guard who wears finely tailored armor clothing and only carries a taser.

From the foyer are two doors, one leading to the research wing, the other to the implantation wing.

The implantation wing is again well-decorated and has pleasant background music playing

throughout. There are two operating studios and six recovery rooms, one of which is currently in use.

The research wing is still clean and well-maintained but lacks the aesthetic quirks of the other parts. There are four research labs with three researchers assigned to each. They are rarely present after 1800 hours, with the occasional exception of one or two who needed to check a time-sensitive experiment. It’s up to the gamemaster to determine if anyone is there if the runners come after hours.

Between the two sections, accessed from a rear hallway where deliveries come through the dock, is a small office with a security spider watching the cameras all over the facility. Only the two guards are present, with the exception of shift changes every eight hours (0000, 0800, 1600); at those times, four security personnel are present.

The sample skin is in a research lab with six different new skin type samples. All of which would interest Mr. Johnson or another buyer. The needed datafiles can be accessed from the terminal in the lab. No wireless access is available in the facility other than the security camera system.

The terminal with the datafiles on the skin research projects is stacked with IC. Here again is data on all six skin projects, which is solid paydata.

As for the massive theft plan: If the runners time their efforts to come in just after the midnight shift change, and if they quickly neutralize the security and any lab personnel the gamemaster chooses to have present, then they have a little under eight hours—six if they want to leave before sunrise—to loot this place of enough key gear to build a solid medical workshop.


## street doc

## Quality Path

## Street Medicine

This quality path traces a street doc’s journey as they establish work in a new community and become an asset.


## Step One: Home Ground

The character initially comes in to help out the locals. They may be hired to install cyberware, treat illnesses and wounds, or perform any other function an underserved community needs. As they work, they begin to meet the locals and get to know the neighborhood. This slowly builds their attachment to the area, and they start along the quality path. After serving the community for at least four hours a day for a total of fifty days, they gain the Home Ground quality for half the normal Karma cost. The team can also negotiate to buy or renta nearby safe house (e.g., Sweet Treats).




## Step Two: Day Job

If the medic accepts the clinic and operates it for at least ten consecutive days, they become a community fixture, and they gain 2 Karma along with 1,000 nuyen per month for any month where they work at least one hundred hours in the clinic.


## Step Three: Enemy

Continued work in the clinic will bring problems. The street doc will earn the ire of Daniel Braidwood, the CrashCart manager who had been operating in this neighborhood. He does not appreciate the runners taking away his business, so he puts a 2,500 nuyen bounty on the street doc’s head. That’s not enough to attract any real heavy hitters, but the occasional appearance (once every few weeks) of a would-be assassin is enough to keep the street doc a little jumpy.


## street doc

## playing Advice

The three biggest factors for a street medic runner are their past, their motivation, and their moral compass. The three are usually intertwined, but the twists and turns on the road of life can definitely lead a healer down a darker path or push them to a point of moral righteousness that rubs many in the shadows the wrong way. As you prepare to play this archetype, think on each of these three aspects and work through them in your backstory.

Know the past. Determine where and how you were educated and think on how that might affect your views of others on the streets. Did you come up apprenticing with another street doc, or did you only come across street people when you hit your clinical hours in college? Are you bitter you lost your life and license, or did you choose to walk away from that life to do more good for the masses?

Have you come to the shadows for money, for the community, for the clout, or something else? Each feeds into character motivation in a different way. Once you know the why, you can shape the personal rules on how far you’ll go for each and what laws you will bend or break in order to save lives. How far will you go for money? What do you do when something that helps your community hurts the community next door? How important is your reputation? Will you call the ghouls to hide a failure or sacrifice a squatter to save a prestigious client? Once you know those answers, translate them to your morals on the street.

Does that Hippocratic oath stand up to the hypocrisy of the streets? Are you willing to harm a guard to get that payday as long as you don’t kill

them? What if your less-harmful efforts result in a more harmful (or even deadly) outcome? You shoot them with a tranquilizer dart only to have them stumble into the electrified fence or have a cross reaction with the painkiller they’re taking for an injury they got when the last group of runners busted in and put a round through their knee. Are you a pacifist and just focus on patching up your team when things go sideways? Or are you so strongly against harming others you won’t work with runners who do? Does everyone on your team need to follow your creed?

Once you’ve answered some of those questions and built a moral ground to stand on, play the part. Hold your moral ground when challenged or threaten others with the classic, “I can take you apart as easy as patch you up.” Play the character you made, not just the game you are playing.

But it is also important to remember that you’re only metahuman and prone to the whims of emotion at times. An accidental death could push you over to pacifism, or getting a violent visit from someone you only knocked out could push you to care less about the lives of others.


## Tactics

As a street doc, your primary role is clear: patch up the team. Make sure you consider a range of approaches here. This can include application of patches, use of medkits, and administration of pharmaceuticals. A street doc may also be Awakened, with a range of Health spells that could include both healing and spells of broader use such as Increase Attribute or Increase Reflexes. Sometimes this will need to be done on the fly—wounds are common in _Shadowrun, Sixth World_ , so doing some quick first aid work on your teammates to minimize their wound penalties will be very useful.

Your team doesn’t have to be the only subject of your ministrations. Good healthcare is often tough to come by in the Sixth World, so a lot of communities have people who could use some diagnosis and healing. A street doc can use their skills to improve the team’s bargaining position or earn valuable favors.

Still, while the medical skills can be useful in multiple circumstances, a well-rounded street doc will have secondary skills to provide more options when things get rough. Street docs often have high Logic, which would also be of use for hacking. A doctor with a good bedside manner might find some use as a face, while a medic who was part of a high-threat response team likely has some combat skills. They won’t be as good as specialists in those areas, but they can be valuable support. Even if they’re mainly laying down covering fire, they can find a role beyond their medical skills.

**==> picture [17 x 146] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHADOW CAST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



## STREET SAMURAI BLADE FIGHTER

## Street Samurai Blade Fighter

## Backgrounds

**>** The way of the bladed samurai is not an easy path, and not suited for everyone. Nor should it be. To embrace the blade is to look death in the face with every battle, to see the life in your prey’s eyes fade, and to feel the warm blood of your opponent as skin, muscle, and even metal split apart before the might of your blade.

That is, if you’re the victor.

It is something many in the Sixth World cannot handle, for the so-called “masters” of this age do their best to sanitize and sterilize life (and even combat). They seek to market and package existence itself, to make it palatable for the masses by making simplifying and sanitizing it … turning it into a mere game. This is especially true in the face of modern warfare, where bleeding-edge technology and magic do their best to create as much distance as possible between the combatant and the stark reality and horror of true combat. Most cannot handle these realities, because locking blades with an opponent is one

of the most primal—and dare I say intimate—actions one can undertake.

But samurai who embrace the cold steel of the blade do not shy away from such things. They embrace them. Despite our individual styles and choice of steel, those who favor the blade are modern-day incarnations of warriors of old, apex predators of the streets, masters of individual combat born of the symbiosis of our individual warrior spirits and modern technology.

Every time we draw our steel, we dare death to claim us.

True mastery of the blade demands sacrifice and dedication from all who travel this path. For it is not just the skill with a blade itself that the samurai must master; it requires so much more. Because the blade, along with enhancements and skill, is nothing but an extension of the samurai’s body, mind, and will. And for all this to come together in perfect synergy, the foundation must be strong.

And even that may not be enough. For the Sixth World has stacked the deck against the blade wielder to prevent us from getting close. Samurai must also embrace the skills needed toclose with our opponents, lest we fall victims to less honorable combatants and end up as nothing more than twisted metal and inert meat on the ground.

But everything I have just said means nothing if the samurai does not have a code. Those without a code are nothing more than simple killing machines, optimized for death and destruction, made to be pointed at a target with little or no agency. They are just puppets for someone else’s benefit (and just as easily manipulated). Our code is what sets us above the soulless killers the Sixth World keeps trying to produce. We decide who will die … and who will live. Our code is what gives us purpose, protects who we are, and keeps us going when we are forced to constantly sacrifice more and more of our bodies (and our souls) in order to maintain our literal cutting edge.

Our path is not an easy one, but it is a true one. And truth, no matter what kind, is something in short supply in our world. **>** Taka Red

Considering themselves to be the inheritors of old ways in a modern world, blade street samurai have a reputation for being more than a bit arrogant, even among other shadowrunners and _especially_ among other street samurai. From their point of view, though, it’s not arrogance if they really _are_ better.

In an age where smart or fire-and-forget weapon systems can engage opponents from literally kilometers away, blade street samurai are a breed apart. They see themselves as superior warriors, inheritors and practitioners of a purer style of combat, exactly like the samurai (or Vikings, Spartans, knights, duelists, etc.) of old. Blade samurai believe it takes much less skill to pull a trigger. Or even worse, to simply order a machine to kill. Instead, combat should be toe-to-toe where one’s skill and prowess determine who will be the victor … and the vanquished.

Still, the blade samurai isn’t stupid enough to completely disregard the benefits of such weapons and technology, especially when working with other shadowrunners. They’ve even been known to use a gun (on rare occasions, but begrudgingly) when the situation calls for it.

Despite their over-romanticized notions of combat, blade street samurai have zero qualms regarding modern augmentations. It is the one modern technology they wholeheartedly embrace. Like other street samurai, blade samurai constantly seek out ’ware that gives them an edge in a fight. It could be a reaction/speed booster, strength enhancer, or internal body armor; all are simply parts that make the greater whole. And like other street samurai, blade samurai are painfully aware of their own limitations, specifically that ’ware obsolescence is an ever-present specter on the horizon, and the race to stay one step ahead of the next challenger is never-ending. If one is not seeking out the best and moving forward, they are truly doomed. As such, and like other samurai,

blade samurai are not afraid to sacrifice whatever is necessary to stay ahead of their opponents, to keep that razor’s edge that will inevitably, one day, determine if they live or die.

Because what good is a soul if you’re dead?

But much to the chagrin of their teammates and the shadow-community at large, blade street samurai have their reputations for a reason. First, they’re more than willing to put their nuyen where their mouth is when challenged because they (hopefully) have the goods to back it up. Second, blade samurai possess a burning desire to prove themselves. Because it’s one thing to proclaim one’s skill and inherent superiority, but quite another to prove beyond a doubt that they’re the apex predators of the streets. Third, those blade street samurai who have indeed found the right synergy of skill and augmentations are truly nightmarish in their lethality if they get up close and personal with an opponent. Those who don’t hopefully survive with a valuable lesson; the others … simply don’t matter anymore.

Another hallmark of the blade street samurai is their preferred weapons, which they treat with a reverence akin to a sacred talisman or idol. Even more so than their augmentations, their blade is an expression of their self. It is an extension of their body and will, meant to strike down those foolish enough to challenge them, to use when the cause is just, or to take a fragger out who needs taking out. Because modern blades are much stronger, lighter, and deadlier than anything that has come before, a skilled blade samurai can perform combat maneuvers their forerunners could only dream of. It’s not uncommon to hear stories of blade samurai easily finding gaps in modern armor with their daggers or cyber-spurs, or a samurai’s heavy battle axe splitting a skull with little effort. And let’s not forget the classic monowire-edged katana that is quite capable of enabling a blade samurai to remove body parts with disturbing ease.

If one cannot see the benefits of having such a person by your side or on your shadowrun team, then get out of the biz now and never look back.

There is no single way for someone to find the bladed samurai path. All that’s required is a love of close combat, aptitude with a blade, discipline to hone your skills, and the will to augment your body to its maximum … and then go even further. These factors enable the blade samurai to go toeto-toe with the multitude of dangers and threats inhabiting the darkest streets. The blade samurai, while preferring the cold steel of the blade and focusing almost religiously on its mastery, will still look to cultivate other skills that enhance their chances of victory or at least survival. Knowing how to out-think your enemy and being a solid tactician are just as important as knowing how to use steel.

In this never-ending quest, blade street samuraiwill often seek out and befriend street docs to aid them in acquiring the augmentations they will require. Likewise, a blade street samurai will seek out a weaponsmith or similar provider to find just the right blade that meets their needs and speaks to their soul.

Blade street samurai are represented by all types of metahumans, for the blade does not favor one group over another and adheres to no stereotype. Elves can swing axes just as well as swords, and a troll armed with daggers is no less deadly. A sword or cyber-implanted weapon does not care if it is wielded by a dwarf, ork, or human. What matters is that the blade samurai finds exactly what they are looking for—a blade that speaks to them.

Some samurai may have also been lucky enough to find a mentor, someone who not only showed them how to fight but taught them a code to live by. Others may have formed their own code based on their individual experiences and hard-learned lessons. Regardless, their code is as much a part of them as the chrome in their bodies and the blades in their hands.

Whatever their beginning, blade street samurai tend to come from the lowest parts of the streets, where they learned early in their lives how to survive. They’ve seen firsthand the threats that prowl the streets of the Sixth World. These may be thrill gangs who will tear flesh from bone for nothing more than the cheap thrill of it and sell the leftovers to the highest bidder. Maybe they’ve encountered a creature that systematically hunted their family and friends. Or they’ve seen what the corporations do to those who they, and society at large, no longer care about or see as disposable. Or maybe they’ve simply decided not to be the meat in the proverbial grinder. Whatever their past, whatever they’ve experienced, the blade street samurai ultimately decided to no longer be anyone’s prey.

And through the blade, they’ll become respected and feared on the streets.

It is this desire to be the best, to be respected, to _win_ , that truly drives the blade street samurai. Nuyen is fine, but it’s nothing more than a means to an end. It’s a way to pay for necessary upgrades or repair the body after battle, to replace or upgrade one’s blades should they break or become lost. It is during battle, whatever kind it may be, where the blade samurai feels most alive while also being at peace. Here they put not just their blades, but their bodies,and their very _being_ to the test. In such a test, the blade samurai will either be victorious or fall based on their skills. Such is the way of things, or at least how they should be. So think hard before challenging a samurai, especially one who practices the blade. For they may not seek satisfaction immediately, but their memories are long. A challenge or slight will eventually be answered lest the blade samurai be seen as weak or afraid. Neither is acceptable.

**==> picture [288 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



Because they’re so focused on being the best they can be, blade street samurai (especially younger ones) often look down on those who do not strive to do the same. A blade street samurai will at least have a grudging respect for other types of warriors who consistently work to hone their crafts, and they will also recognize the value of those with different skills. What they cannot stand are those who are intentionally weak or lazy.

Even worse to the blade samurai are those who seem to have had their advantages simply given to them. Adepts make especially good targets for such ire, especially those who also favor the blade. In their mind, adepts did not have to sacrifice anything or replace pieces of their bodies to achieve their power or skill. Worse still, they don’t seem to have any limits. While most blade street samurai are honorable and professional enough to keep their egos in check most of the time, the adept represents a foe who, if defeated, would help seal the samurai’s reputation as warrior. And sometimes, such an opportunity is too good to pass up.

Aside from their skill, lethality, and arrogance, blade street samurai are also known for being fiercely adherent to their codes of honor, more so than other types of street samurai. Perhaps it’s because they see themselves as the heirs to honorable warrior traditions, or because they believe that their adherence to a code makes them superior to most in the Sixth World. To the blade street samurai, their code is just as much a reflection and representation of their self as their steel is. To violate the code is to violate everything they are and stand for. Whatever the reason, blade street samurai are fervent in the application of their codes in their professional and personal lives. Most would rather die taste death than dishonor themselves by violating their code. This can lead to a very narrow and lonely path, but no one ever said a warrior’s life should be easy.

For all their contradictions and faults, blade street samurai can be both ruthless and honorable, showing mercy one minute yet bringing swift death in the blink of an eye. It is between those extremes, guided by their own sense of honor and passions, that the blade street samurai thrives under the neon lights and in the darkest shadows.


## Character Creation Recommendations:

- **Attributes:** Body 5, Agility 6, Reaction 5

- **Skills:** Athletics 5, Close Combat 6 (Blades specialization), Stealth 4

- **Knowledge skills:** Blade Manufacturing, Blade Types, Melee Combat Techniques

- **Positive qualities:** Ambidextrous, Guts, High Pain Tolerance, Quick Healer

- **Negative qualities:** Gremlins, Honorbound

- **Life modules:** Agent, Athlete, Bodyguard, Courier, Ganger, Hunter, Martial Arts Training, Military, Shadowrunner, Smuggler, Event: You became extremely interested in unusual or mysterious topics


## Street Samurai Blade Fighter

## Plot Hooks

The blade street samurai is first and foremost about one thing: proving themselves. For street samurai, that means conflict. And while the blade street samurai may have scores of victories and the reputation to match, not everyone sees them the same way. Even the encounters that ended with the death of an enemy may not resolve the conflcit; they can motivate others to seek vengeance or try to build reputations of their own.


## Doc in Debt

A street doc named Doc Hauser (or any street doc contact the blade samurai PC has) is in the middle of a bad situation. The good doc has fallen in debt with Tamanous, the feared organ-legging syndicate. Seems Doc made a deal to supply a certain number of body parts and used cyberware in exchange for some new nova-hot ’ware that has since been sold to various clients (bonus if some of that ’ware is in one or more of the PCs). But Doc has fallen short on their end of the deal—again. This makes the fourth month straight they’ve missed their quota. So not only is Doc in danger of being tossed on the table and carved up for spare parts with the leftovers being tossed to the ghouls, but anyone they’ve installed any ’ware in is in danger of having said augmentations repossessed just to spite Doc and hopefully motivate them to get their hoop in gear. Desperate, Doc calls the blade samurai PC and offers to hire them and their team to deal with the situation. According to Doc, they have approximately seventy-two hours to either balance the butcher’s bill or refund the ’ware. Tamanous refuses to accept a nuyen equivalent, calling it a “matter of principle.” So the PCs have a few options, which include but are not limited to: going out and finding or generating the required amount of dead meat (which could compromise codes of honor) or going toe-to-toe with the criminal syndicate and causing enough damage to force them to back off (good luck with that).


## Protect the Rep

Reputation is everything in the shadows, especially for a street samurai. Unfortunately for the PC blade street samurai, a decker named Cold-AsIC (CAIC) has a massive beef with them. Sometimein the PC’s past, they geeked someone CAIC was close to, and now they’re out for revenge. Knowing there’s no way to take the blade samurai headon, CAIC decides to start messing with the PC’s rep by dropping rumors all over the Matrix, complete with doctored footage of the PC engaging in activity that goes against the PC’s code or shows them betraying known contacts. If they can’t kill them directly, CAIC will do the next best thing and tank their rep, which is pretty much a death sentence for any runner, and especially harsh for a samurai with a code of honor to uphold. As a result, Johnsons start to become hostile or refuse to do business with the blade samurai PC or anyone associated with them. Contacts’ Loyalty ratings start dropping, maybe eventually leading to said contacts ghosting the PC completely. This is not the kind of battle the blade samurai PC is used to fighting, but they must figure out how to find CAIC in order to repair their reputation or undo the damage. To make matters worse, CAIC is a major asset for Renraku and enjoys a certain level of protection from the megacorporation. So, by taking out CAIC, the PCs run the risk of getting on the corporation’s drek-list.


## Satisfying Honor

It’s a situation that has played out time and time again. At some point, the blade samurai PC has somehow offended a much more experienced blade samurai known as Steel Ghost, who now demands “satisfaction” from the PC. The nature of the offence can be real; the PC may have flubbed an Etiquette test when dealing with the elder samurai—or worse, actively insulted him in the presence of others, directly challenging his honor. Or it could be a simple misunderstanding or miscommunication that has gotten out of control. Another possibility is that someone (possibly Cold-As-IC) is manipulating the situation in order to force the confrontation. Regardless of how, Steel Ghost isn’t taking “no” for an answer. Eventually, he (and his team if necessary) will confront the blade samurai PC, even going so far as to hunt down and/or go through the rest of their team in order to force the PC to engage in an honor duel. Will the blade samurai PC go through with the duel, or will they and their team find another alternative that can satisfy honor on both sides?


## The Desire to be Taught

One of the greatest boons a would-be samurai can receive is that of a mentor. But sometimes a student is not content in waiting for a mentor to reveal themselves and instead becomes proactive in finding one. In this case, the PC blade samurai has been “selected” by Splinter, a young ork who lives in one of the local housing projects. He barely

has tusks (human looking quality) and is bullied mercilessly by other juvenile orks because of it. Splinter has either seen the PC blade street samurai in action or has heard about the PC’s exploits through various stories or street rumors. Either way, Splinter is convinced that the blade samurai PC is the one who will teach him how to become a street samurai himself and help him deal with those bullying him once and for all. Unfortunately for the PCs, Splinter doesn’t inform them of his decision and does enough legwork to start showing up at the places the PCs frequent. But he has a hard time working up the nerve to say anything to the PC. Eventually, and depending on how the blade samurai PC or other PCs react, Splinter will go from showing up at the PCs’ hangouts to crashing meets with Mr. Johnson. And if pushed far enough, Splinter starts to interfere with runs, either “trying to help” or doing what he can to sabotage them; depending on how the PCs have previously treated him. If Splinter tries to help, any time he is finds himself in danger, he freezes (combat paralysis quality). Will the PCs set Splinter straight? Will they tire of his interference? Will they simply “let something happen” to Splinter and remove him from the equation? Or will they take the young ork under their wings and gain a small (but determined) contact/ally?


## Toxic Trail

The blade samurai PC’s mentor has turned up dead, and the mentor’s most recent student, an elf named Regina Razor, asks them to help investigate—and enact revenge. The investigation leads to an underground fight league ran by an ork adept named Brett Stone. It seems that Stone is looking for what he calls “the ultimate challenger” in order to prove just how great his power is. To facilitate, Stone has joined forces with the most powerful local crime syndicate, which is more than happy to take its cut of the sizeable amounts of nuyen Stone’s fights generate. It’s also happy to provide little things such as security and protection. Unbeknownst to anyone, however, Stone has gone toxic and is simply looking for means to satisfy his bloodlust. Fights are often extremely one-sided, with participants severely outnumbered and outclassed, making the bouts little more than in-person snuff-sims. Examples include but not limited to: brawlers going up against modified combat drones, SINless being forced to fight spirits, or participants receiving certain handicaps (such as being drugged) to ensure their defeat. The PCs eventually discover that the blade samurai’s mentor was the victim of such treachery, having been given a low dose of narcoject without his knowledge before the fight. The PCs also eventually discover that Regina was supposed to fight, the result of her family becomSTREETing indebted to the local crime boss. The mentor instead knocked her out and took her place. This only doubles her shame. Complicating matters, Stone has several participants held hostage and a small biomonitor installed in his chest. Should it register him dead, gas will flood the holding area and kill everyone there within seconds. The PCs need to figure out how to not only save the hostages but also find a way to satisfy honor and defeat Stone and his allies.


## Street Samurai Blade Fighter

## Quality Path

## Best of The Best

## Starting Point

This is a path that any blade street samurai player can take at the beginning of or shortly into their career. The player can have any background, personality, or proficiency with any kind of bladed weapon. However, for this path they must show devotion to the blade by having the Close Combat skill with Blade specialization and select one specific blade as their primary weapon. Additionally, for this path they must also have a code of honor of some kind as reflected by the Honor Bound quality. This can either be a generic code such as adherence to Bushido, or something more specific to the player character but discussed and authorized by the gamemaster. Any other positive or negative qualities the player may have should also be discussed with the gamemaster so they do not cause any significant conflict or can be properly integrated into the overall quality path as it plays out within the greater game narrative.


## Step One: Making One’s Mark

Every story has a beginning, and for the blade street samurai, that beginning is first deciding to adopt and follow the path of the blade. But training, practice, and even the acquisition of sufficient chrome are nothing unless they prove themselves. To earn their name, a samurai must accomplish deeds worthy of being talked about. From such things reputations, both good and bad, are created. Through deeds and reputation, blade street samurai demonstrate their worth within the shadow community.

Because they are so hyper-focused on their particular code and combat philosophy, blade street samurai who start this path cannot gain any additional Edge during combat unless they use their bladed weaponry. Those who use their preferred weapon in combat, however, get one additional point of Edge when their Attack rating is at least 4 more than the defender’s Defense Rating.


## How to Build Your Reputation and (Hopefully) Not Get Geeked

Like warriors of old—to whom they feel a close kinship—modern blade samurai know that actions speak louder than words. So in addition to their constant training, blade samurai seek out every opportunity to enhance their reputations within the shadow community.

While this can be done in several different ways, the blade samurai must be careful to not gain the wrong kind of reputation or betray their own code of honor. For example, a blade samurai who is known for excessive violence and brutality may be feared and even respected as a combatant, but that does little to help their overall reputation and survival when Mr. Johnsons no longer wish to employ them. Likewise, a blade samurai who shows too much mercy or is perceived as weak toward an enemy could cause potential allies to wonder if they really do have the stomach for the fight. It is a delicate balancing act, often teetering on the edge of a razor where decisions must be made in a split second.

No pressure.

Still, there are some tried and true ways a blade street samurai can gain both reputation and honor.

- **Defeat Enemies in Combat:** This one is obvious, but still needs to be said. At their core, blade street samurai are warriors who use older methods (with technological twists) in a modern time. They are focused on proving that not only do the old ways still have merit in the face of modern technology, but that they are worthy successors to those ways. And as the saying goes, one must eventually put their nuyen where their mouth is. Defeating enemies is one of the fastest ways for a blade samurai to do just that. But there is a difference in defeating an opponent with honor and simply killing them. A truly worthy samurai does not gain any real honor or reputation by killing those weaker than themselves. Bullies and animals kill for little reason. Likewise, bloodshed for the sake of bloodshed does not prove one’s skill or honor—only the defeat of a worthy foe or one that poses a sufficient threat can do that.

- **Showing Mercy:** As said before, a blade samurai gains no honor by defeating a significantly weaker opponent or one who shows no significant threat. By showing mercy at the proper time, the blade samurai demonstrates that they understand the meaning of honor in a world that is indifferent to most metahuman suffering. Defeating an opponent without necessarily killing them also shows that the blade samurai can adapt to

**==> picture [17 x 146] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHADOW CAST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

STREETtheir situation, that death is not the only weapon in their arsenal, and that they can stay their hand when the situation calls for it. A blade samurai is not simply a killing machine—they are warriors, not butchers.

- **Finishing the Job:** If the samurai agrees to perform a task or job or achieve an objective, they are honor bound to meet the terms of that agreement to the best of their abilities. If part of that means zero combat, then so be it. There will be plenty of opportunities for that later.

• **Meeting All Challenges and Challengers:** The Sixth World tests everyone in some way, but most choose to run away from such challenges. But not the blade street samurai. They not only know and accept this, but they welcome any challenge that comes their way. Often, these challenges come from other combatants who may also be looking to prove themselves or are seeking newer, innovative methods or combinations of weapons and chrome. The blade street samurai never knows what they may be going up against and must be ready for anything. A blade samurai must never let fear of the unknown prevent them from standing up for honor and their code.

- **Knowing When to Fight Another Day:** This may seem to run counter to everything a warrior would stand for, but it is quite the opposite. As the blade samurai is not a mindless animal, they should also recognize that sometimes their personal glory/victory may need to be put aside for the greater good or for others. Defeating an enemy at the cost of your friends, allies, compatriots, or even the mission/job at hand is a selfish and dishonorable thing.

• **Accepting That They Will Eventually Die:** A true warrior, no matter what kind, knows that, for all their individual skill and strength, they will one day face an opponent who is simply better than they are. During this confrontation, the warrior knows they will finally meet their end. Blade street samurai know this better than most. They know that eventually their body will weaken and their augmentations will become obsolete, no matter what they do. So, like the warriors that came before them, blade street samurai accept this and hope at the very least for an honorable end when the time comes. Knowing they will eventually fall does not mean they will go quietly, however. True warriors fight with everything they have, especially when they know it’s the last time.


## Step two (optional): Under the Guidance Of ...

The path of the blade is a long and difficult one, even more so for one who has no previous knowledge or has first adopted the blade. So it is often best to seek out someone who has the knowledge and train under them. Not only can the student gain knowledge faster, but they may also develop an ally for life. Of course, this all depends on whether the mentor-to-be agrees to the arrangement in the first place.

To gain a mentor, the PC must have a Reputation of 5 or more. They must gain 5 Favor Points (see p. 173, _Sixth World Companion_ ) with an NPC who has Close Combat 7 or better, as well as expertise in Blades. They must spend all 5 Favor Points so that the NPC agrees to be their mentor.

A blade samurai under the tutelage of a mentor will have their advancement costs for Close Combat (Blades) reduced by three Karma (per skill level). However, the player character will have to give up two Karma to the mentor as payment for their teaching. This arrangement will only last until the player reaches skill rank 7. At this point the mentor will no longer have anything more to teach and will instead become a contact with Loyalty rating 6; their Connection rating will be set by the gamemaster based on the mentor’s current relationship with the PC.


## Step Three: Inevitable Challenges and Challengers

As the blade samurai character gains more honor and reputation among the shadows (possibly through some of the ways outlined in **Step One: Making One’s Mark** ), the blade street samurai will find their lives becoming a bit of a doubleedged sword. On one hand, their reputation will open more opportunities among Mr. Johnsons as the player is seen as capable and dependable. Likewise, the player’s reputation among other shadowrunners (especially other street samurai) will also increase. The downside is that the player character becomes a target for those who are looking to enhance their reputation by taking down or defeating a well-known runner. They may also face challenges to their code, which they will also have to answer for.

If the player completes twenty-five Karma points worth of jobs in the Step 1, then they move to this step. As a result, they are considered something of a prime runner in the local runner community. Players who accomplish this will gain a bonus point of Edge on all social tests with potential Mr. Johnsons. If during this time the player is also able to defeat ten opponents singlehandedly (either during a job or direct challenges) with their primary blade, then the samurai getsa +1 dice pool bonus to accompany the previous Edge boost, which reflects the player’s new status as a samurai legend.

The only exception to this is if another samurai or other combatant directly challenges the PC to a duel, contest, or fight. If the player is defeated by any of these challengers, then they lose the Edge bonus described above until they can defeat the same individual in another contest. The other downside to being a shadow legend is that now they will constantly be a target by other samurai/ combatants and that they have become somewhat known to local authorities. They gain a +1 Heat modifier for any Heat test they have to make.
