---
id: SC-0358
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Infiltration
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Infiltration

A person on the inside is a powerful tool, especially for a team of shadowrunners. Sometimes the runners don’t have one, but that need not stop them. A cyber ninja can get past guards, but when it comes to having someone in the enemy’s midst, the face fatale is the best option. As is the case in any good run, some legwork and prep time will make the infiltration much easier, but in a pinch the face fatale can probably bluff their way past some moderate security and scrutiny. Infiltrations are often done in two ways: directly or indirectly.

Direct infiltrations are much like they sound, as the face fatale gets access to the location or group themselves. They will need some credibility for why they are there, often relying on a false identity. They could be a new transfer, a high-ranking executive, a contractor there to perform a job, or even a regulator from some government or corFACEporate agency. The phrase “I’m here to conduct an audit” is typically followed by a mad rush to cover up any deficiencies and misdeeds rather than carefully examining the legitimacy of the audit. The face fatale should use their skills to covertly achieve their goal; asking to melt down a reactor would alarm everyone there, but asking the staff to remove some safeguards and do some tests on the reactor will probably be enough to get wageslaves to follow through.

Indirect infiltrations, on the other hand, rely on the face fatale to find someone already on the inside and exploit their weaknesses. This is a two-step process: first finding the mark and then manipulating them. Not everyone will be a good target for the face fatale. Some won’t have the weaknesses to exploit or have the willpower to avoid caving to their manipulations. Others simply won’t have the access or power to accomplish the end task. This will require a bit of legwork to find the most likely victims, but in the end the effectiveness is based on having familiar faces working on a job, instead of the team trying to figure out how to plausibly replace them.

The face fatale’s challenge should reflect the security and end result. Getting into the executive offices of Ares to steal the CEO’s password will be nigh impossible, but getting a certified credstick to the head office manager shouldn’t require legendary skills. The infiltration should be a separate task from manipulating the scene once inside. Asking the head of security to shut down all the cameras will require a great deal of skill, but ”accidentally“ spilling soykaf on the guard watching the camera when the runners show up is a lot easier.

**==> picture [17 x 146] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHADOW CAST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
