---
id: SC-0313
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Shamanic Investigator
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Shamanic Investigator

One of your parents worked as a detective or investigator in law enforcement, most likely a contracted security corp like Lone Star or Knight Errant. You always looked up to them, and even as you began to be aware of the corruption and brutality of the organization, you saw in your parent someone who was trying to get justice done. When you asked them difficult questions, they rarely had a satisfying answer. This caused friction between you, and when your Awakening came, you used your newfound magical powers to expose a dirty cop. This earned you and your parent the enmity of their coworkers, but the corporation took notice of your potential. Your initiative gained you a corporate scholarship, and you were enrolled in an academy, on the fast track to becoming a magical detective. Classes were intense, and you felt a sense of general unease from your mentor spirit at the highly disciplined and restrictive environment. But you learned so much about magic. Shortly before your graduation, both of your parents were murdered in their home. Your personal investigation revealed that their killers were a group of corrupt cops from their home precinct—some of whom had known you from a young age. Unfortunately, your evidence came from magical sources that were inadmissible in court. Your efforts to bring your parents’ killers to justice only had the effect of making you into a target. An attempt was made against your life. It almost succeeded, and you were forced to leave your life behind and go into hiding.
