---
id: SC-0251
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Destruction of Data
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Destruction of Data

Someone needs a great many files deleted, and that someone wants to hire the Dissonant technomancer’s team to do it. Of course, these files belong to someone other than the team’s prospective employer. Sabotage will be required, in both the Matrix and meatspace. Instead of making this a run that only takes place in the Matrix (and thus excluding the other PCs), there is a physical backup that must also be destroyed. The team must infiltrate a secure facility, physically destroy a safe in which some offline data storage devices are stored, and delete the files from the facility’s host on the Matrix. This should be a fairly straightforward shadowrun requiring a team to find a way safely in and out of a protected facility. Security should be tight, with well-armed guards and security drones, security sensors such as cameras and weapons scanners, and security spiders watching over the system. Magical security will be light, with only token use of wards and limited astral overwatch.

To make things more difficult, it happens that the target employs some technomancers to enhance their Matrix security. At all times, at least one technomancer is present as a spider within the Matrix host, with at least one level 6 fault sprite on call in case of intruders. If this spider is defeated, two more will appear (as personas in the Matrix) to avenge them. These represent all the technomancers on the payroll, so if they are defeated, only the hosts’ IC stand in the runners’ way. Avoiding detection, and therefore contact, from the security technomancers would be the most prudent course of action. For the security technomancer stat block, use the Technomancer archetype (p. 89, _SR6_ ).

If the team succeeds in deleting the data from the host as well as destroying all physical backup devices, they gain a new contact (Connection 4, Loyalty 2) with the types Criminal and Matrix.
