---
id: SC-0054
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Professional
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Professional

The idea of the mad-dog killer assassin is largely a thing of the past, even insofar as the trids go, and that’s got a lot to do with professionals like you. For you, it’s a business, pure and simple. Everyone dies, after all. You are simply the instrument of someone who wants to choose an individual’s specific moment, and you are paid well for it. In a sense, you consider yourself less a killer and more an executioner. After all, if someone is willing to meet your prices, the target is already dead; someone is going to do it. It may as well be you with the extra zeroes in your credder, and you have the comfort of knowing you’ll do it quickly, painlessly, and cleanly. Better than the sloppy hacks out there who think ending a life is all about end result and fail to appreciate the process and the journey. This is an art, and you take pride in a job well done. No cruelty, no pain, no suffering. You especially like jobs that spare the family by making it look like an accident or natural causes. It’s even better when it’s an evil motherfragger. Deleting those ones feels a little heroic. You’d never call yourself a hero, but even a necessary evil like you can take some comfort in making the world a slightly less shitty place to be.

Becoming Infected was never the plan. The mark was supposed to be liquidated before competing elements could perform an extraction. You managed it, just in the nick of time, but the other team spotted you. You don’t get scared, but the way she looked at you turned your blood to ice. Too fast, too many variables—there was no way your exfil route could hold up to that. She ripped out your life in moments. You shouldn’t have woken up, but when you did, she explained your new nature. Said the Ordo could use someone like you. You’d read enough Darrien Cross books to know what this looked like, what this hunger was. She didn’t expect you’d act on it so quickly, and her life became yours. You suspect the Ordo may come for you before long, whether to avenge her or double down on recruitment. You’re not afraid. You have the skills, you have the means. You’ve heard of Martin de Vries and his personal war on the Ordo, a vampire fighting his own. You can see the similarity between the two of you. The difference is that he’s insane. You know a psycho when you see one. For you, this is a matter of survival. Revenge doesn’t enter into it. You maintain the life you had before, more or less, with the added personal objective of sabotaging Ordo Maximus whenever you can. You’re no hero, after all, but sometimes even a monster can make the world a slightly less shitty place to be.
