---
id: SC-0383
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: GUN-FU STREET SAMURAI - PLAYING Advice
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GUN-FU STREET SAMURAI

## PLAYING Advice

The gun-fu street samurai is a very straightforward kind of character. They are the ones who deal with threats that arise during a run, pure and simple. Whatever their style, background, or personality, the gun-fu street samurai is typically (but not always) going to be the main frontline combatant of a shadowrunner team. Once combat begins, their main goal should be to take out the opposition at a (relative) distance using their preferred firearm, as quickly as possible. Exactly what their preferred firearm might be depends on the player’s desires. But no matter what or how they play, they would do well by adhering to a few basic combat principles.

First, have enough ammo. This includes having lethal and less-than-lethal options, as stopping a threat doesn’t always mean killing. This may help your reputation down the road.

Second, know the limitations of the weapons you’re carrying. For example, pistols aren’t going to be effective against targets at longer ranges. Conversely, large weapons like most sniper rifles

or machine guns are going to pose problems in close-quarters combat.

Third, plan things out with the rest of your team. Even though the primary job of any street samurai is combat, knowing what the rest of your team can do to assist you (and vice versa) is the key to surviving any combat situation.

The gun-fu street samurai is a warrior first and foremost. They’re the ones who think about the opposition and what is needed to take them down in the most effective way. They’re also going to want to put their two nuyen into whatever planning is done, if for no other reason than their hoop is going to be one of the first targeted when things go sideways.

At the same time, they are the ones who relish combat. Like other street samurai, they revel in the thought of combat and jump at the chance to prove themselves in its chaos. This doesn’t mean that the gun-fu street samurai is a killing machine. Wanting to test your skills and feeling bloodlust are completely different things. The gun-fu street samurai is a professional with very specific skills for a very specific job on a team. Their art is simply a means to both express themselves and (let’s be honest) earn a few nuyen for their troubles.

The gun-fu samurai shines when the fighting starts. Those who have trained long enough and seen enough action are the ones you want on your side during the fight. They know all the tricks, they know exactly how to employ a gun in a fight, and they take every advantage of it. They‘ve also seen and fought the worst the Sixth World has to offer and time after time they come back for more.

But it’s not always about combat. The gun-fu samurai is more than a collection of weapons and chrome. Like anyone else, they have (or should have) actual character. They don’t have to be the same clichéd, cookie-cutter action stereotype. Give them a hobby adjacent to their training; give them some likes that don’t include guns. And don’t be afraid to give them some style!

Outside of combat, the gun-fu street samurai will need to set up a support system in order to continue running and obtain the necessary hardware (such as weapons, ammunition, and augmentations) to be effective in their role on the team and continue to refine their art.
