---
id: SC-0461
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Other
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Other

- **Common life modules:** All (you never know what all is out there—you may not want to know.)

There are players in the Sixth World that fall outside of other institutions but possess significant power and influence. Obviously, at the top of this list are great dragons. Just to emphasize how large and distinct their influence is, consider the great dragon Dunkelzahn who died in 2057 and yet is still influencing events twenty-five years later. His personal intelligence apparatus fractured into networks following the Draco Foundation, Ghostwalker, and an independent third that still exists even after suffering its own schisms and infiltrations over the decades. Great dragons aren’t the only immortals. Others exist and operate groups like the Alexa Group Songbirds, Jester’s Army, the Black Lodge, and Ordo Maximus, and things too alien or dangerous to even name. There is no equivalent to the Bene Gesserit yet in _Shadowrun_ , but it’s not for a lack of desire on the part of the most powerful social adepts. Indeed, their ongoing conflicts have probably been most responsible for keeping any one group from dominating the others—and the rest of the Sixth World.

In developing a character background, immortals and the like are strong contenders to be behind the discovery and nurturing of social adept talents before anyone else, because they are likely to have been aware of these talents before anyone else.
