---
id: SC-0195
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Up the River
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Up the River

The decker fighter is offered a job that sounds like kind of thing most runners try to avoid, because it involves going to prison. The decker is asked to locate a prison facility near their home base, andtheir first job is to get themselves in there—they should hack into the prison records and create a record for themselves as a prisoner (clever hackers will do some programming so they get extra permissions, like bonus library time or special delivery of electronic gear). Once they are in, their mission is to investigate a mysterious wireless signal emanating from the prison for five seconds most nights, usually between 2 a.m. and 3 a.m. The content of the signal is encrypted and has yet to be decoded, and no one knows who is broadcasting it or how it is being sent. The decker fighter (and any accomplices) will have to insinuate themselves with other prisoners and make a good impression, which often involves throwing a few punches.

Investigation will eventually lead to the device—an old commlink usually hidden in a small Faraday cage and hidden in a laundry room drain. The signal corresponds with the passage of a small aircraft overhead—on nights when the plane flies, the signal is sent.

The gamemaster can determine what the purpose of the signal is, but here are some ideas:

- The plane is following unregistered flight patterns over open areas or strange places, such as the prison, and the signal is an attempt to track it and find patterns in its movement.

- The signal is a brief burst to communicate information on prisoners inside. Another prisoner has insinuated themselves with some imprisoned monsters and is slowly learning the ins and outs of their outfit. The quick burst can be decoded by the craft, and it’s the only method the spy trusts to get information out.

- The signal contains an activation code, which is the only known way to activate a strange device held in the plane. When the device is activated, it can turn Resonance into Dissonance. It’s unclear how the device got into the prison, but the gang leader who holds it know they have something valuable and intends to get as much out of it as possible.
