---
id: SC-0357
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Recon
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Recon

Sometimes the team meets with a Mr. Johnson, and he serves up a run on a silver platter; all the intel, the passwords, the blueprints, and the end goal. Occasionally it is exactly what it seems, but those times are few and far between. A good team should never take Mr. Johnson at his word—even if they trust, they should verify. Some teams will think that doing the legwork is just talking to a few contacts and getting their supplies. A great team will do reconnaissance. The wiz-kid hacker might rule the Matrix, but checking out the public and private areas of the real world is a job that falls right in the skill set of the face fatale.

As a member of the team or a sub-contractor, they can quickly find the weakest links among of the people and places that the team needs information on. They can quickly morph from a go-ganger groupie to a visiting sales rep to a realtor to break the ice, then use their charm to get a better picture of what and who the rest of the runners will have to deal with.

This shouldn’t be a face fatale solo job (unless the gamemaster and other players desire that), so the face fatale should utilize the skills of the other players. The hacker can literally open a few minimally secure doors, the merc can provide overwatch, the mage can provide astral support. The face fatale should use all of their assets and keep all of the players involved, even if they are on the periphery of this recon.
