---
id: SC-0279
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Omniscient - The Rich Kid
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Omniscient

## The Rich Kid

You grew up in an affluent megacorporate neighborhood, the only child of successful executives. Your parents were always too busy to pay you much attention and largely relied on technology to take over the burdens of raising a child. Your first drone was a humanoid nanny bot, and it was your very best friend throughout your childhood. Through this experience, you developed a tendency to form emotional attachments to technological devices, and through your imagination they seemed to come alive to you. While your parents never seemed to have a moment to spare for you, they were less frugal with their nuyen. Almost any toy you asked for, no matter how expensive, was yours for the asking. By the time you were in high school, you had an impressive collection of drones, a professional-grade RCC, and all the tools and software you’d find in a drone shop. Your main present for your eighteenth birthday was a control rig augmentation. After that, however, your parents began to take a different approach with you. They expected you to get a career and generate your own income, which was something they had never prepared you for. You tried, but you found every possible career path a waste of time when compared to working with drones. Eventually you took a job in a local drone shop, and it wasn’t long before a mysterious customer came in for some illegal modifications. You hadn’t been meant to notice the exchange, but you were able to convince your new boss and their customer that you didn’t pose any threat. After that, you helped out with a few black-market mods here and there. By the time your parents cut you off, you had a tenuous income stream doing a tolerable job. But it was only a matter of time before you crossed the line from black-market drone tech to shadowrunner. There’s just too much nuyen to be made. If your parents ever knew what your real career was, they would be shocked. Or maybe they would hire your team.
