---
id: SC-0149
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Long Con
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Long Con

This adventure hook works best with the con artist background, but could be adapted to fit any team with a good face and a few tricks.

One of the con artist’s contacts wants to hire the team for a personal favor. They have come under threat of blackmail or extortion. Someone has some physical evidence that, if used against them, would spell their ruin. They would have to leave their current life behind completely and start over with almost nothing someplace else. The contact will be very reluctant to share details about the blackmail or extortion material, but they’ll share as much as they think the runners need to know. Ideally, the evidence paints the contact as responsible for a tragic event, but don’t make it something so bad that the runners wouldn’t want to help them. It should be a horrible accident, indiscretion, or terrible mistake that causes them deep regrets. The contact has some few leads that should help the runners track down the blackmailer.

Things get more complicated when the runners eventually discover more about the blackmailer, who is a member of a powerful organization. Organized crime is one possibility, but a powerful magical group, or even another team of shadowrunners would make good alternatives. The runners will need to recover the blackmail material or somehow convince the blackmailer to back off. This can be done through violence, but severe retaliation will be forthcoming if such a brute-force approach is employed. The blackmailer has most likely made at least one copy along with a contingency to release the material should anything unfortunate happen to them. The lasting results of this run will work out best for everyone if they instead utilize trickery, influence, or even making a deal with the blackmailer instead. If the runners manage to recover or destroy the blackmail material and thus safeguard the reputation of their contact, the contact’s Loyalty increases by 2 (to a maximum of 8). The runners also have some dirt on this contact, which could put them completely at their mercy at the cost of all Loyalty. As long as the blackmail material is unused, the PCs can be reasonably certain that this contact will never betray them.
