---
id: SC-0322
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Consulting Detective
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Consulting Detective

This adventure hook is designed for the shamanic investigator background but would work well for any team with a perceptive Awakened character.

When a murder occurs, most people turn to the police. But when the people who wish to see the murderers brought to justice have secrets to keep, an unofficial and discreet investigation is required. That often means hiring shadowrunners.

The Eagle shaman is contacted by a Mr. Johnson who wishes for them to uncover the mystery of a murder that was most likely committed through magic. The murder victim works for a magical research corporation and was found dead in their home. The protective wards were bypassed without disrupting them or alerting astral security, and the murder was unobserved by the (admittedly spotty) astral security patrols. There was no robbery, no signs of forced entry, and no apparent tampering with security sensors, locks, or other devices. The PCs are provided with credentials that give them access to the murder scene as well as some files about the victim and their closest co-workers. Details about the magical research are not provided. However the PCs go about their investigation, they should be able to discern that someone who was almost certainly astrally projecting pushed through the wards and brought one or more spirits through with them. They quickly disabled any of the victim’s own spirits, and a materialized spirit under their command carried out the physical violence.

The truth of the investigation will ultimately be related to the magical research project. There are several possible solutions to the mystery. You

**==> picture [17 x 146] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHADOW CAST<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

PLOTmay make up your own or use one of the ideas in this paragraph. One possibility is that the victim’s magical research involves studying blood magic, using a variety of different subjects and methods to develop more efficient techniques. The murderer is someone whose loved one was used up as a test subject by the murder victim. The murder was a justified act of vengeance. Another possibility is that the magical research was being conducted on captured insect spirits in an attempt to find a way to open astral gateways to their home metaplanes. An insect spirit managed to communicate through telepathic means to others, and a local insect shaman, assisted by true form insect spirits, carried out the murder. The third and final suggestion is that the victim was involved with a powerful and secretive magical group in their youth, and this group demanded that the victim share secrets gleaned through their corporate magical research. The victim refused or gave them fake information and was ultimately killed in retaliation for “betraying” the organization.

Investigation and mystery adventures can be difficult to run. If the PCs get stumped, the story can easily grind to a halt. As the gamemaster, it’s up to you to keep the pace up. The point of the adventure isn’t to stump everyone with an unsolvable riddle or present a superbly clever and complex scenario. The point is to tell the story of how the PCs find and follow clues to reveal the solution to a mystery. Ideally, the PCs will be proactive and have their own plans and ideas of how to carry out the investigation. When this happens, let them take the lead. Call for Astral and Perception tests, and reward almost any success level with some sort of useful clue or hint. Avoid misleading them with red herrings and false leads, or if you use those tools, reveal them to be false in short order. If the PCs get stumped, make something happen that sheds light on the mystery, but at the cost of danger. Perhaps the murderer is nervous about the investigation and sends some agents to attack them, which ultimately sets the investigators back on the trail. The key to making this all work is to keep it simple. The players will provide all the complexity and complications you need.

One last tip: If the PCs come up with an elaborate solution that you never actually intended to be the truth of the case, it’s okay to change things up behind the scenes so that their solution is correct.

If the PCs successfully identify the murderer, they will likely have to deal with the consequences in some way. How do they feel about working for an employer who is doing experiments with blood magic? What will they do about the insect shaman operating nearby? If a secret magical group who murdered the victim asks the PCs to help them unveil sinister megacorporate secrets, they may be forced to choose a side.
