---
id: SC-0019
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Magical Extraction
page: 13
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magical Extraction

This adventure hook most closely fits the background of the orphan but could be adapted to work for any team that has an antagonistic megacorporation in their background.

The team is offered a run to extract a target that is closely guarded by a megacorporation or powerful organization. The mission requires retrieving the target alive and evading any initial pursuit. The target is an Awakened specialist and a valuable asset for any organization seeking to profit from magical research and development. The catch? The organization that the target must be extracted from is the very same organization that the academic mage was once beholden to. This should uniquely motivate that PC, as the desires to remove another magician from similar bondage as well as deliver some vengeance upon their former antagonists will be strong. However, there is a strong risk that the organization’s interest in the PC will be rekindled. And there is no guarantee that the target will be any better off with the situation the runners are hired to bring them into.

The target is an Awakened initiate of at least grade 2. They will not be helpless, and unless they can be contacted and convinced to go along with the extraction, they might represent the run’s most formidable obstacle. Furthermore, the target is not allowed to go about freely. They spend most of their time within a research facility surrounded by guards, wards, spirits, and other magicians, and they live within a carefully watched and guarded housing facility. The runners may infiltrate either of these locations, hijack the target in transit, or find a way to lure them out from under the protection of their watchdogs.

NPC Notes: For the target magician, use the same stats as the academic magician PC, minus any particularly illicit gear. The target should bring back memories for the PC and provide a contrasting example of how their life might have gone if they had remained with their original employer. For a difficult challenge, make the target very loyal to the organization and vehemently opposed to the extraction.
