---
id: SC-0213
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Errant Knight
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Errant Knight

You’ve never been the type to swear fealty. You developed your skills on your own, a self-taught maestro of the Matrix. Like most hackers, you had to find the areas of the Matrix that interested you the most, and you developed a delight for taking on cyber-bullies. The Matrix is full of them—hackers who want to shame people for who they are, find their most private pictures and make them public, and break down any small good that a community develops, just for the joy of watching them lose hope.

Maybe you scrape by on what small pittance these people can offer you, or maybe you do some better-paying work on the side to fund your more noble charitable efforts. Either way, you believe your most important calling is to defend the defenseless on the Matrix, and you have trouble resisting any opportunities to do so.

During one of your self-appointed quests, you encountered some shadowrunners who needed your help. Their hacker had been disabled and GOD was closing in on them, so you stepped in and helped them get away clean. Some weeks later, you got a call with an offer to join the team. It’s taken you awhile to get used to working with others, but it’s nice to have people to watch your back. It’s even nicer to have people who need you to watch theirs. With them, you can accomplish things you could have never dreamed of doing on your own. Like having a street samurai you can call in to knock on a cyber-bully’s door after you trace the fragger.
