---
id: SC-0393
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Bounty Hunter
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bounty Hunter

Bounty hunting is a good way to get on the road to being a private investigator because the clients are easy to find, broadcasting their availability and pay scale. The only trouble is the competition to get that money.

All the completion means, though, is that if you want to be paid, you better be good. That means building your skills in background checks, interviews with friends and family, Matrix monitoring, and sometimes physical tracking. You also need to be able to stop someone who does not want to be caught and bring them in against their will, which often requires solid physical skills.

So if the money is there and you have the skills to do the job, why leave bounty hunting to become a PI? Mainly because bounty hunting often sucks. If you want to make a decent living, you have to be on the move a lot, you have to spend a lot of time in the types of places where fugitives go to hide, and you have to wrestle or shoot at a lot of unpleasant people. If you have some good investigator skills and think you can find the clients, shifting to an office where people come to you can seem like a step up.

living taking care of needs that no one else seems to be able to address.

As a self-taught PI, your methods are a little different than someone with a corporate background. Corp investigators thrive on different databases they pay to access, collections of info that help them quickly build profiles of their targets. The self-trained PI doesn’t use those tools, mainly because they can’t afford the subscription fees. Instead, they rely on person-to-person contact with a good helping of instinct.

If they need online information, they’ll be more direct and illegal than their corporate-trained colleagues. Which means they’ll just call in a favor to get someone to hack into devices connected to their target. They’ve found those methods usually give them what they need.

The self-trained investigator also tends to be a little more rough-and-tumble than corp investigators. They don’t have supervisors complaining every time they run into trouble with the law. They just handle it and move on. They also tend to have a firm belief in the persuasive power of their fists.
