---
id: SC-0254
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Fans of Dissonance
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fans of Dissonance

The PCs are hired to execute an unusual sabotage. In a few days, there is going to be a highly anticipated concert at a very popular underground club. Feel free to use one of the big names like Maria Mercurial or Johnny Banger, or go with a lesser-known band of your choice. The most important aspect of the band is that they have some sort of history with the shadows. If your campaign takes place in Seattle, Underworld 93 would be the perfect venue for such a show. Mr. Johnson provides the team with tickets to the event, which have been sold out ever since a few minutes after they went on sale. The job is to sabotage the performance in such a way that the show must be stopped. The runners are allowed to go about this using whatever means and tactics they choose, but they are forbidden to kill the band members or stage crew. Some means other than direct violence will be required—if Mr. Johnson had wanted that, he would have hired some gangers instead of a team of professionals. If the PCs kill anyone involved with the band, they will not be paid, and their reputation will suffer greatly. Mr. Johnson is offering a bonus if the PCs can pull the job off by hijacking the audio and trideo systems to play something that would be embarrassing to the band onstage. Mr. Johnson can provide the runners with some raw audio and video files that they might be able to piece together into an appropriate composition.

The complications to this run are that the show will be very crowded, the venue is used to regular gang violence and has hired some serious security

personnel, and the band itself has some experience dealing with trouble. None of them are pushovers if confronted, and they’re backed by their own security and PR people, who will be watching for signs of interference. This job won’t be easy, but a few data taps and some Dissonant technomancer fraggery ought to do the trick.

This run is a bit more high-profile than most. If the runners successfully disrupt the concert, add +4 to the Heat modifier at the end of the run. The team gains Mr. Johnson as a new fixer contact (Connection 6, Loyalty 2) with the types Media and Criminal.
