---
id: SC-0450
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Complementary Skills and Abilities
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Complementary Skills and Abilities

The social adept relies on interpersonal skills, but those skills are only useful to the extent that the social adept knows who they are influencing or conning. Social adepts acting as a face or as an infiltrator have to know the etiquette and culture of the worlds they are immersed within. Shadowrunners can expect to cross into many if not all of the big social spheres (corporate, government, streets, etc.) due to their deniability and utility to the powers that be; social adepts have to know how to code switch between those spheres. A social adept is likely to have numerous Knowledge skills for the communities where they operate, as well as skills covering their common targets and allies. Social adepts with the Linguistics ability, especially those operating in diverse and crowded sprawls like Seattle or Hong Kong, are going to develop a number of low-level Language skills from constant exposure to different languages as well as to local pidgins like Cityspeak. Depending on how they use these languages, they are likely to develop new Knowledge skills, such as a former military officer who can speak conversational French but only when discussing military tactics and technology, or a drone-rigging social adept who will argue international cricket in Urdu with their air-traffic-controller contact. Linguists are likely to develop a level of Cosmetic Control as well, since it affects some languages. Or’zet is a language for speakers with tusks, and even basic words will never sound right (and sometimes can’t be made at all) by nontusked metahumans. On the flipside, Sperethiel is _elven_ , and its creators have always made sure of that. Beyond its own complexity, words and conjugation of Sperethiel can be a pain for the tusked (intentionally so).

Additionally, a social adept with a background in martial, security, or espionage matters will have some combat skills for those inevitable times when words fail. There is a strong likelihood that a character who has developed a capacity for judging intentions and sensing motives and reactions is going to develop those skills for the rest of the space around them, developing combat sense abilities and enhancing their Perception and Stealth skills. In a violent world where targets are often armed and ruthless, the social adept would be well-served to be able to fight if they must, but it’s better to avoid the fight and con another day if at all possible.
