---
id: SC-0359
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Distraction
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Distraction

A distraction gig is easy money for the face fatale, but typically it is a smaller part of a much larger plan. The mission is pretty straightforward— keep the focus of someone (or some group) on them while the rest of the team takes care of some other task. Shadowrunners will typically see this as a useful endeavor while trying to break into somewhere or separate someone or something from protection. The face fatale is an excellent choice for this, because they typically don’t provoke the same reaction as other attention-grabbing distractions. Starting a fire or setting off an explosion will definitely get noticed, but they also put people on alert and often bring more personnel to the scene and inspire people to try to find out what went wrong. A department watching their boss’s recent girlfriend make a huge scene as she ‘breaks up with him’ will grab everyone’s attention, but they won’t call for help or look for an outside cause of the dispute. Which means a team sneaking around can likely proceed unexamined.

The biggest challenge with a distraction job is there may be only one option for who to distract.



The legwork will be more focused, but the chances of finding a weakness will be diminished. A creative face fatale can work around this, of course. Perhaps the target is faithful to their spouse. Rather than attempting a seduction, the face fatale can plant the seeds of doubt in the minds of the spouse, pulling the trigger to have that spouse confront the target at work or perhaps demand they come home, creating the desired result with a slightly different method. The face fatale should be adept at adaptation, as every situation and person is different.
