---
id: SC-0270
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Dissonant Technomancers - playing advice - Roleplaying
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dissonant Technomancers

## playing advice

## Roleplaying

The Dissonant technomancer is very different from other Matrix specialists, unusual even by the standards of technomancers. Some say the Dissonance is an opposite force from Resonance, but you know this to be a simplistic, if not entirely false, perspective. You might not understand it, but you know what you can do with it. Through your connection to Dissonance you gain significant aptitudes, but you have also noticed a degradation or resistance with some skills or tasks that once came more easily to you. You’re best at tearing things apart, distorting, or taking control of them. Some of the more delicate or subtle approaches are difficult, and sometimes it seems that your very mind is affected by the entropic nature of the Dissonance. Focusing on the same task for a long time can be difficult, and sometimes you may find yourself reacting to events as if the context were completely different. Part of adjusting to being a Dissonant technomancer is learning to deal with the unsettling nature of your own attention, memories, and even intentions. How do you deal with the drawbacks? Some Dissonant technomancers rage against these difficulties, as if they were costs they never agreed to pay, but most learn to take it in stride and develop habits to cope with them.

One more important thing to keep in mind as a Dissonant technomancer is a healthy sense of paranoia. Regular technomancers are often stigmatized as Matrix terrorists or worse, but Dissonant technomancers are mistrusted not just by the ignorant public. They are often shunned by other technomancers as an abomination. Are you incredibly careful about who finds out what sort of

technomancer you are, or are you loud and proud, despite how dangerous that could be for you and the people who associate with you?
