---
id: SC-0059
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Ruiner
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Ruiner

Some assassins are surgeons, removing someone with precision and careful not to upset the world around them if possible. Others are meant to manipulate someone else with a proxy killing. You are neither. You are a consequence. When they hire you, they’re signing the end of someone’s world as well as their life. You make them suffer. You make their families suffer. You taint everything they ever touched. Maybe it’s a punishment, or a message, or even an extravagant way of making sure there are no loose ends. The only thing that changes for you is how obvious the art is. Does everyone get a heart attack, or do you blow up the UCAS Day barbecue, Fido and all? Do you disassemble the target’s gang with infighting, saving the mark for last, or do you poison their latest batch, harming countless innocents to ruin their reputation as well as killing them? To you, that’s only a question of how much trouble are they putting you to, and the shifting price you’ll collect as a result.

The impersonal nature of your work, and its terminal end, is almost a paradox for a banshee. You are here to make things end, to punish. Fear is a byproduct to your expeditious if complex way of executing contracts, so you skim from the edges, drinking in the overflow of your actions. You feed on the rot of your kills, in a sense. Often, the greatest fear is in those who observe what you do to the actual target, which means you’ve begun to slip into mission creep. You don’t think of yourself as a psychotic, despite what you do, but it’s all too easy to chain from one bystander to the next, far beyond the bounds of your actual mission. Maybe that will prove to be a benefit to your résumé. After all, they wouldn’t have acquired your services if they wanted things clean.
