---
id: SC-0107
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Puppetmaster
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Puppetmaster

Metaphysical biochemistry was always your interest, though others insist on calling it alchemy. Where magic meets material is where you find art, and the sublime way it has of influencing the metahuman form. You got your doctorate in theoretical metapsychopharmacology, setting a number of university records and wrecking the bell curve for the rest of your class. You didn’t care. You had your pick of AZT positions in the field, settling on Awakened Notional Pharma—loosely translated as next-generation Awakened drugs. The work was rewarding, yet despite the advances you were making, the concept of effecting permanent, lasting changes in the metahuman body became a consuming obsession. Awakened drugs could replace cyber and even bioware to your thinking, a lasting, mutable form of configurable augmentation worth a lot to the consumer and the megacorporation wise enough to develop it to practical levels. That was when you discovered the possibilities of Renfield.

HMHVV is a metamagical retrovirus. To your thinking, pharmacology takes its material from both flora and fauna, and this beautiful, flawed virus holds the secrets to rapid healing, immortality. More interesting is its ability to make pawns. The secrets were hard-found, bullied and bribed and stolen from the Ordo Maximus, but the idea of alchemically treated HMHVV-1 blood catalyzing into an almost perfect leash to create loyal servants was so tempting that you pursued Infection immediately. The advantage of your alchemical tinctures made passing your final challenge easy enough, and membership has been less about the culture and more about the science. You seek to perfect the Renfield formula, and that means test subjects. Placing them in harm’s way, pushing their resistance and willpower, testing every limit until they burn out, and then incorporating your notes into the next iteration. Using them as deniable assets means you can observe their actions in the field and potentially turn a profit, all of which is yours to put toward further research. In time, you are quite sure you’ll be able to perfect the formula, creating perfect servants, the next generation of humanity to carry forward the will of their immortal masters.
