---
id: SC-0066
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Breakages
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Breakages

This adventure hook works best with the Terror Artist and the Ruiner backgrounds, but is easily adapted to any team that doesn’t mind a lot of cruelty and collateral damage.

Hate is a kind of passion, and passions will find their outlet, so long as they have means. And this client clearly has means. The _why_ is less important than the _what_ : ruin someone’s life. The more pain, the better. The only rule: don’t kill them. This is revenge, and suffering ends with death. That being said, no holds barred. Kill their family, kill their friends, kill their career, kill their pets, kill their lovers and hopes and dreams and projects. What the client fails to mention is that this target is a megacorporate playboy, either holding rank themselves or close to someone who does, and they are as vindictive as the client. So begins a game of pain, with the target actively hunting the client through the runners and willing to work their way through their contacts and safehouses to do it. For runners who have a concern about trustworthy networks or shelter from something as inevitable as sunrise, this is deadly enough, but the threat is far more long-reaching: losing the client may lose the payday, but damage done to contacts has far-reaching implications, and a runner without a network can end up dead in the water. Stealth and speed become essential to conceal their identities to avoid reprisal, and hopefully they’ll be able to take down the target to the client’s satisfaction before things get too hairy. The pay should be significant enough for the runners to take a long vacation and let the heat cool down. Should enough of their contacts be alienated, gifts and favors may be necessary to regain their loyalty. Sounds brutal? That’s what it’s like being on the other side of terror tactics.
