---
id: SC-0415
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Blocker/Decoy
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blocker/Decoy

It’s always easier to get somewhere without being seen when everyone who does the watching is somewhere else. The car that tears along the interstate at 200 kilometers an hour makes life easy for one that comes along a few minutes later trundling along at only 175. A drunken boat pilot who keeps forgetting what slip they’re supposed to go to makes it easier for a small craft to sneak in unnoticed.

The blocker is a rigger con man, putting on a show so that the real trick can continue unseen. They don’t necessarily need the pure speed of other racing riggers, because for them, it’s often okay if they get caught. It can’t happen too soon, or the watching eyes will return to their duties too quickly. But send them on a merry chase, then give them a nice story that will keep your punishment to a minimum (ideally a fine that will be expensed to Mr. Johnson), and you’ll have accomplished your mission.

The blocker needs good piloting skills, because they have to do maneuvers that get the attention of traffic monitors without killing themselves, but they also have to be something of a con artist, since they often have to act like something they are not and tell a convincing story to those to finally stop them

The blocker’s path to the shadows is simple— their work is about helping illicit activity happen without notice. Which is to say, they’re already there.
