---
id: SC-0405
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Origins - From the Streets
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Origins

## From the Streets

There are plenty of illicit and grey markets where a racing rigger could get their start. They could be born and raised within a pirate family or in a pirate haven (almost any Mediterranean, Southeast Asian, or Caribbean island), or on the turf of go-gangs like the independent Ancients or Yakuza-aligned Blue Dragons. They could also be young and hungry upstarts willing to do anything to survive, like the JackPointer Turbo Bunny, who used sheer will and determination to claw her way from nothing to make her name as a Seattle street racer who eventually became a prime runner-level racing rigger.

The racing riggers from the streets and seas know there are practical reasons for the need for speed, but that being fast doesn’t mean you can be stupid. Outracing Lone Star or an Ares frigate doesn’t matter if you deliver a stolen vehicle to a fence in disrepair, or if you had to ditch the contraband the Milieu Marseilles syndicate is expecting. Sometimes, the hare loses because the tortoise knew when to let the heat blow over before making the rendezvous.

And naturally, these stakes are elevated even further for aerospace racing riggers. Hijacking a semi-tractor train redballing across the Rockies at 200 kph is dangerous, but nothing compared to hijacking an LTA cruising at 35,000 km AGL. At the end of the day, the born-and-raised air pirates and space jockeys all have places to call home, whether it’s the Last Chance Chicken Roost or Echo Station.
