---
id: SC-0324
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Poacher Hunt
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Poacher Hunt

This adventure hook is designed to go with the ranger background but could also work for any team of runners with decent tracking capabilities.

A group of endangered Awakened animals are under threat of extinction by poachers who hunt them for magical reagents. The PCs are hired to put an end to this. The endangered critters are an obscure variant of a local species that is dual natured and has one or more critter powers. The job is complicated by the fact that there isn’t just one group of poachers. At least three different groups hunt the critters. One team is led by a corporate alchemist and comes along with a fully armed security detail. Another group is like a shadowrunner team, and they work for a black-market talismonger. The third group are vampire magicians who hunt at night, for obvious reasons. The PCs must confront and deter all three of these parties, which will almost certainly require direct, violent conflict. However, if the PCs attempt deception or a diplomatic solution, they may find another way. If the PCs succeed at deterring all three poacher groups, the employer will be satisfied. Dependingon how the issues are resolved, the PCs may gain a contact with any of the poaching factions, or perhaps some powerful new enemies. If they succeed in stopping the poachers, the PCs each gain a favor with one of their contacts who approves of their actions. Each player may choose which of their contacts they gain the favor with.

An optional complication is the presence of some other dangerous Awakened critters who might hunt the metahumans who intrude upon their domain. Something with HMHVV would be perfect.
