---
id: SC-0398
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Murder on the Transvaal Express
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Murder on the Transvaal Express

A private investigator (possibly by themselves, possibly with a runner team) finds themselves on the Transvaal Express, a long train ride from Northern Africa down to Azania. The trip is more than seven thousand kilometers and takes nearly a week.

Early in the trip, a passenger in a sleeping car is found stabbed to death. The train claims to have no records of the passenger—the berth they occupied was supposed to be vacant. The train authorities have no desire to throw their journey off schedule or see it tainted by scandal—if they call the police, the murder will be a major news item. Fortunately, a private investigator is on board, and the engineer hires them to find out who the victim was, and who killed them. And hopefully do it quietly.

Some Matrix sleuthing reveals that the victim is Edmund Karrigos of the Draco Foundation. He was found holding a satchel with vials of grootslang venom, taken from a monstrous snake that lives in Azania. It’s known to be both a strong poison and a powerful reagent. This just leads to more questions, such as:

- Why was Karrigos taking a reagent from Azania back down to Azania?

- Why was Karrigos on the train without the train operators’ knowledge?

- Who killed Karrigos?

Gamemasters have the chance to spin this tale however they want, but they can unfold a conspiracy of an attempted deal with the spirits of Kilimanjaro, a competition between free spirits and the magic powers of the world (including corporations such as Mitsuhama and Aztechnology), and smugglers of magical goods coming up against rail pirates who want to take any valuables on the train for themselves.

It doesn’t take long for the investigator to determine it was arson, as accelerant and traces of an incineration device are found. Now the questions are who did it, and why. Attention first turns to a gang that was shaking down the store owners for protection money, but the owners were current on their payments and the gangers swear they had no reason to burn the place down.

Further investigation reveals that while the owners were indeed kind souls trying to help their neighborhood, their efforts went deeper than just providing a retail outlet. They had funneled a significant portion of their profits to a shaman who was working to re-align the energy of the neighborhood, hopefully bringing more positive qi. There are forces, though, who want the barrens to remain as they are and are fighting the efforts. This led to them burning the building. Exactly who those forces are and what happens when the private investigator confronts them is up to the gamemaster.
