---
id: SC-0186
source: Shadow Cast
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Backgrounds
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Backgrounds

One of the oldest questions in the shadows is, what should the decker do when the guns come out? Hack the enemies’ guns? Manipulate nearby machinery? Take cover and wait?

The decker fighter’s answer is simple: fight back. The decker fighter has the audacity to try to be good at two things, fighting and hacking. It’s not easy. Both of those skills tend to be expensive, both in the equipment needed for them and the time needed to be good at them. Since no one has unlimited resources, often sacrifices need to be made, resulting in shortfalls in one area or another. At their worst, the decker fighter is someone slightly better than average in multiple areas, but not good enough to really give their team a lift. They can’t hack well enough to break into corporate hosts, and they can’t shoot well enough to take on corporate security. They could hack an average wageslave’s commlink and successfully punch said wageslave in the face, but how often is that what runners are hired to do?

At their best, though, the decker fighter is a minor miracle. Someone who can force open a maglock door and quickly take out whoever is on the other side. Someone who can be a one-person wrecking crew, using hacked cameras and devices to help stage a swift, devastating attack.

Will they ever pack the sheer firepower of a street samurai or hacking mastery of a dedicated decker? Probably not, unless they stay in the shadows for a really long time. But will they be able to use their combination of skills to catch people offguard and do more damage in different ways than anyone expects? Absolutely yes.

Very few decker fighters intended to become the hybrid they are. They are usually deckers who learned to fight because they were tired of people thinking they were pushovers, or fighters who learned to hack to diversify their skillset. Both approaches are embodied in the backgrounds below.
