---
id: SO-0090
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

Phishing is as simple as convincing the mark that you’re someone they should give their info to. Different marks have different thresholds of trust, but the standard I’ve seen is that anyone who takes the tech for granted will fall for basic credentials and a bit of technobabble. That constitutes just about every casual user in the world, especially if they’re more worried about staying in their corner and hitting deadlines.

Pick your point of entry. It’s got to be someone who has access to the info you need, obviously. John Doe Everyman has what’s on his credstick and commlink, which means access to his PAN, accounts, subscriptions, and anything he needs for work. Jane Corpsec knows the codes to her patrol route, doors, and vehicles. Pick the person who can give you what you need.

Then use that knowledge to present yourself as someone who’s on the other side of the equation. If you’re trying to convince John that his premium PolyPOV All-Access Pass for 2084 Urban Brawl is being shut down because he’s been hacked, you work for the company that provides it. Have examples of official communications the company uses, from letterhead to node addresses. It’s fifteen minutes’ work to forge that with graphics editors, half an hour if you take your time and make it look good. You can also learn how their professionals talk, which is easy with a few phone calls to their tech support. If you really want to push the edge, hack the actual node and see if you can contact them through the legit service. If you can do that, it’s not much further to simply hack the accounts database and get the info without them knowing. However, those are under heavier security and are a little outside the boundaries of phishing. That can also result in a shutdown and recovery of all info, which renders your goods moot. More than that, there’s more flexibility if you get the info directly from the mark.

That’s just one version. You can do the same with variants that tie into the mark’s area of control. Cubicle farms are used to getting calls from tech support (especially if you worked a little sabotage on their terminal ahead of time). Security might get an update call, but that’s riskier since they’re trained to be alert to unscheduled changes. Odds are you’ll get more mileage out of non-security clearances.

So, you tell them a lie that makes them give you their passwords, accounts, etc. The vital element is posing as the person with the power. If they don’t tell you the info you need, their credentials will be suspended, or they won’t have the passcodes fortoday’s patrol, or they’ll be locked out of their terminal, or you’ll get them fired. You have the power, and either they give you what you ask for or there will be consequences.
