---
id: SO-0051
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: The Call and the Meet
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Call and the Meet

Bit of context here. Instead of rambling on about this stuff, I’m going to explain it through the context of setting up and executing a meet. I’ll still focus on reading the opposition, but I’ll throw in some additional advice on the side.

You’re welcome.

Let’s start with the first step, the initial engagement or connection. Pay attention right from the start, since this can tell you a lot about the people you’re dealing with. That initial point of contact usually starts with a commcall, message, or reaching out through a mutual acquaintance. If I’m initiating the meet, I’ll already have gathered some preliminary info, so I have some idea of whom I’m dealing with. If not, I’ll need to get some. If I’m not calling for the meet, my suggestion is, if possible, learn who’s going to be at the meet and especially who my opposite number is in the case of a negotiation or buy. Because knowing or at least determining what the other person wants and values is a key factor in any negotiation. And if you can determine this ahead of time, among other things, it’ll help broker a better deal in the end.

Also, find out why you were contacted or contracted for this job. Did they specifically want to meet with _you_ ? Can you determine what, if anything, they know about you personally? Is someone trying to work an angle by having you involved? All pertinent questions. And as soon as you get that lovely paydata, you should be planning on what to do with it.

Oh, and quick sidebar. Before attending any meet, determine who you’re going to be working with. Always work with people you know, or even better, that you trust. But that isn’t always an option. Sometimes, you have to work with who the fixer or Mr. Johnson says you do. Or even worse, for whatever reason, you’ve used up your regular roster of known associates and are forced to seek assistance through alternate means. For example, if I have to reach out via a message board to, say, hire some runners for a job or to back me up, I know that I could end up with just about anyone. So, the payout I’m going to offer will be middle of the road at best. I’m also going to take precautions for if (or when) it all fails.

Additionally, if I’m selling gear or information, I need to make sure that what I am pitching is priced right and valued by both of us at the negotiating table. Or at least make it _look_ that way. Regardless, get the other party hooked and make them think that you’re the right person to get deal with.

Okay then. Now with that drek out of the way, back to the main topic.

- I don’t like reaching out through message boards. They’re effective at getting word out quickly, but now word is out that you’re looking for a team. It’s better to call a fixer to get a team together, even if it’s just to control that information. But it’s also useful because they can vet who you’re getting.

- Am-Mut

- I’ve used the boards, but I typically put out calls for jobs even when I’m not looking as a smokescreen.

- **>** Kia

- It still informs the shadows that there might be a run going on. With a bit of intel, people can figure out which job offers are real or not. You’re not doing yourself or clients any favors.

- Sim-Eon

The next step is setting up the actual meet. Some try to do this part via messages or a commcall, others within the Matrix. But in my opinion, meets are best handled face-to-face. This allows us to make a connection and hopefully build some understanding that we’re both simply working to make the best deal possible. It’s also the best place for, you guessed it, getting a read on someone.

- “Make a connection …” What a nice way to phrase this. But it’s really about reading the other person’s body language, or even their aura, and learning information that can be leveraged. I’m not advocating for a Matrix-meet either. Because in person, you’ll have a chance to determine if you’re hiring professionals, or a novacoke-head with a gun.

- Sim-Eon

In this regard, meet location is extremely vital and could determine how the meet ultimately plays out. I won’t talk specific strategies (I have to keep _some_ of my secrets after all), but I’ll pass on some observations, opinions, and basic principles. But the key here is using the location as another tool. See how your opposite number, or even target, reacts to the environment. You can use the location to force them into reacting, or generally frag with them if that’s part of your strategy. My advice is simply don’t frag with people just to do it. Have a purpose, otherwise you’re wasting time, effort, and risk slotting people off. The goal here is seeing _how_ they react to determine if that can be used to your benefit. If you’re not trying to work the other side, you’re not doing your job. Just don’t be a motherfragger about it.



- If the meet is someplace public, that’s good for putting the other party at ease. It’s also beneficial for keeping people honest, as no one wants to cause a problem and bring the local law on their heads. Downside is that any deal is going to be in view of the public, making it easier for surveillance. This means having proper counter-surveillance on tap or details need to be hidden within code words.

- The Mechanic

  - means they have some sort of leverage ready to use against you.

  - **>** DangerSensei

  - Note that all of this applies to virtual meets as well. A Renraku-affiliated Mr. Johnson offering to talk in your favorite VR hangs instead of a host belonging to the AAA is certainly doing so as a show of force (I know where you hang and I’m not afraid to go there).

  - Sim-Eon

- I used to know this face who was so paranoid about violence they’d only do public meets. Said that people were less likely to enact violence where they could be seen. Didn’t matter; last year they were geeked by a sniper while at a meet.

- Stone

- Also keep in mind that just knowing about a meet is intel. I mentioned in another file how Ringmaster almost got geeked by Ares when he was spotted at a meet.

- Sim-Eon

- So, that’s the story being circulated? Perfect!

- Ringmaster

One of my favorite tricks in using a location that forces people to react is selecting a locale that puts the other party on their back foot. This could mean using a very exclusive restaurant with a yearlong waitlist to show you have serious connections. Or maybe a brothel or “gentleman’s club” with all its various _distractions_ to perhaps make them uncomfortable enough to grant you an edge. The fact that these establishments usually have security that’s not afraid to keep things _civil_ isn’t a bad thing either.

If you’re given the option of selecting the meet location, pay attention once the meet starts. Because in my opinion, this tells me that the other party truly knows (or _thinks_ they know) the value of what they are offering and feel confident that _you_ will accommodate _their_ desires. Keep in mind, they may have an ace up their sleeve that gives them the upper hand no matter where the meet takes place. Or it may not have any effect at all. That also says a lot about who you’re dealing with.

Regardless, how your opposition reacts will give a lot of insights on how to proceed with the meet and how any interaction going forward is likely to play out. These are going to be your first two reads of your opponent. And I don’t mean to use the word “opponent” with any kind of hostile intention. Meets are like games; the one you’re playing with is still your opponent, even if they are your friend. It’s just that in this case, what you want and what they want aren’t going to be perfectly aligned. But both of you are going to want the best deal.

- The location of the meet can shift the power dynamic. But with all of that, I hate it even more when they let me pick. It always
