---
id: SO-0004
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: snow job - BY cz wright
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## snow job

## BY cz wright

Mirrors lined the walls of the nightclub, reflecting a skinny human with a hawkish nose as he slouched toward the VIP section. He pulled the red velvet curtain aside to find a muscular and well-dressed ork lounging in a plush seat book-ended by two bodyguards. Their posture stiffened slightly at the human’s arrival just as the ork looked up from his commlink.

“Crieger, I presume?” the ork spoke languidly. His voice was as deep and rich as his très chic Sleeping Tiger suit. He did not move to shake Crieger’s hand.

“Mr. Knox, a pleasure,” Crieger said as he entered the room. He sat down across from Knox, who waved his hand towards a glass serving bowl filled with oblong red and blue “party favors.” Crieger smiled but shook his head. “No thanks,” he said.

Knox nodded, stowed his ’link, and gave Crieger a once-over. “Your reputation precedes you.”

“A good one, I hope,” Crieger said with a grin.

“The word on the street,” he continued, saying ‘word’ like it was in an unfamiliar tongue, “is that you’re adequate in a fight.”

“Gosh, Mr. Knox,” Crieger said with a quick shake of his head. “You know just what to say to make a boy feel welcome.”

Knox’s eyes narrowed. “I don’t meet with people I haven’t already heard of. So, in that regard adequate is more than sufficient.”

Crieger barked a laugh and looked down at the floor. “Glad to hear it.”

A black-haired wisp of a waitress poked her head in, and Knox held up his index finger.

“You’re skinnier than I expected,” he said to Crieger after the waitress ducked back out.

“Stress of the job,” Crieger replied as he leaned back and hooked an arm over the back of the chair.

“Stress indeed,” Knox said, the emphasis apparent in his tone. “I heard you and your team were iced a few months back. You seem to have … gotten better.”

“Ugly rumors,” Crieger said, leaning forward. “Don’t believe everything you see on the Matrix, right?” He then leaned back and winked at Knox with a “chk” of his mouth.

Knox examined his manicured fingernails. “So, what can I do for you, Mr. Crieger? I have a rare break in my schedule and had hoped to spend it not conducting business.”

“Sure, you bet. Though I wanna say thanks for meeting with me, Mr. Knox. I know you prime-time fixer-types are busy, so I won’t take up too much of your time,” Crieger replied, interlacing his fingers and stretching his arms out before him. Popping sounds emanated from his knuckles as he cracked his fingers all at once. “Thing is,” Crieger said, shaking out his hands, “I need a new crew.”


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

Knox’s eyebrow rose. “I thought you said that was an ugly rumor.”

“Oh yeah, no, they’re alive and all. Well, most of them. But problem is, the damn face keeps me from doing my job.” Crieger adopted the tone of the storyteller: drawn-out and thoughtful. “Lemme tell you about this one time. You’ll get the idea.”

Neon lighting turned the wet, nighttime city streets into a dank discotheque. As he chatted up the decker on their network, Aengus trod through several shallow puddles, rippling the disco lights askew beneath his feet.

Source’s voice sounded in Aengus’ earbud. “So, I know you’re the face and it’s your job to talk,” she said, “but I’m just going to ignore you so I can work.”

“Of course, of course,” Aengus said. “I’m simply filling the silence while waiting to hear you say those magic words.”

On Source’s end, nothing came across but the virtual clack of AR keys.

Approaching the club, Aengus raised his chin in greetings to the bouncer. “Why is the clacking necessary?” he asked while dodging a current of clubgoers going the opposite direction on the sidewalk. “I thought we were beyond clacking technology.”

“It soothes me,” Source said. “Package is on the way.” “You’re magic. Do I tell you that enough?” Aengus said with a grin, bending beneath the velvet rope as the

bouncer, Heinrich (has penchant for Jamaican curries and secret loves for frog collectibles and the recent reboot of The Gong Show), held the rope up and then door open for him.

“Not often enough,” Source said in his ear.

“Thank you, sir,” Heinrich said as Aengus passed.

Aengus turned to flash a million-watt grin at Heinrich before he continued on his way. “I’ll do better in the future,” Aengus said more quietly to Source and clicked off the call. After a few moments, he located his contact on the fourth floor.

“Heyo, Raph, what’s wiz?” Aengus said as he slid into the booth across from him.

“Nothing. Nothing is wiz, Aengus.”

Raph picked at his teeth with a long, pointed nail lacquered in silver and gold. He examined what he excavated and wiped it on the booth seat. The waitstaff glided past (name Gecko: a roller derby star, allergic to soy, and secretly wanted to study ninteenth century Irish literature). Aengus gave them a nod in greeting.

“I’m sorry to hear that,” Aengus said, turning his attention back to Raph. “Maybe I can cheer you up.” He pulled out his comm, found and magnified an image before flipping it around for Raph’s perusal.

Raph’s eyes ballooned at the image, and Aengus hid his smile behind his hand because Raph (nail art connoisseur, Urban Brawl fan, and collector of antique liquor bottles) once said his smiles felt patronizing.

“Is that a Diva vodka?” Raph stared, transfixed, at the photo.

SNOW JOB // sMOOTH OPERATIONS


“Absolutely. What’s more, it’s yours for the small, small price of a name.”

Raph’s gaze flitted between Aengus and the photo. “Show me it’s real, then we’ll talk.”

Aengus caught Gecko’s eye across the room and inclined his head. A few moments later, Gecko walked past the table with the iconic bottle propped up on their tray. Raph watched the bottle go past like a chiphead looking at a BTL. He regarded Aengus for a moment, then made a face and sent over the name Aengus was looking for. Aengus waved Gecko over, who smoothly dropped off Raph’s prize before slipping away to earn more tips.

“The whole while,” Crieger said, “I waited in the van with Source’s incessant, stupid clacking. At least I had time to clean my Ruger.”

Mr. Knox looked away from Crieger momentarily as the waitress dropped off a highball. As she left, Crieger casually said, “I just love whiskey, don’t you?”

The edges of Knox’s eyes quirked slightly as he sampled the drink. “I certainly do,” he said, then set the glass down soundlessly on the table. “What’s your favorite brand?”

“Oh, Ghost,” Crieger said. “I couldn’t choose. It’s like picking a favorite kid. I just love ’em all.”

“Mmm, amazing,” Knox said flatly. He opened his mouth to speak again, but Crieger interrupted.

“So, like a week before that, we had to break into a little R&D joint. I thought, ‘here we go, finally time to shine.’ I got my mags all switched out to stick-n-shock, since they told us not to frag any of the sciency types up too bad …”

The team pulled up a block away from the facility, which was situated in a strip mall between a noodle shop and a salon.

“Doesn’t exactly scream ‘high-tech,’ does it?” Doyle said as he counted out the reagents he kept in a pouch across his chest.

While the team geared up to the sound of bullets loaded into magazines, Aengus studied the company particulars scraped together during legwork over the previous few days. “Doyle, you know the Fashion spell, don’t you?” he said.

“Yeah,” Doyle said, eyebrows askew. “Why?” “Pack only what you can hide on your person,” he said to the team. “I have an idea.”

Thirty minutes later, three-fourths of the team exited the vehicle and proceeded into the facility. Aengus swiped the keycard Source had created for the occasion. And as the doors opened, two receptionists looked up.

“Good afternoon,” Aengus said smoothly. “I’m Colton Edwards with SynergyForge Solutions.” He motioned to Source, who waved. “This is Sasha, our IT specialist, and this …” he clapped a hand on Doyle’s back. Doyle was dressed in a cheap suit and his expression conveyed both excitement and a little fear “… is Damian Quillenwood. One of your own from the home office, who won last month’s contest to participate.”

The receptionists looked over the group. The red-headed ork (Amilia: fond of cross-stitch and reality trids, suffers from mild eczema) brightened at Aengus’ introduction of Doyle and said, “Congratulations!” “Thanks,” Doyle mouthed.

The blond human (Tricia: loves dogs, wants to vacation in Spain someday, overly sensitive to embarrassment) said, “I’m sorry, participate in what now?”

Aengus’ eyebrows came together in a fleeting expression that blended minor annoyance with a touch of disappointment before he smoothed his features again. “Team-building exercise? SynergyForge Solutions? Scheduled for May 13th?” His eyebrows lifted, and he flashed an apologetic smile at the others as the blond receptionist flushed and searched her terminal. She quickly found the appointment Source placed in their system ten minutes before.

“Of course,” she said. “It’s a Friday, but I think my brain’s gone home for the weekend already, you know?” And they all laughed.

Over the course of the next few hours, Aengus led the staff in games of two truths and a lie, guess who, a scavenger hunt, and a compliment circle while Source ransacked the company database. She found the data they were paid to extract, as well as other choice pieces of information they’d find buyers for later. Doyle participated in all the games and later reported he’d never felt closer to a group of strangers in his life.

“And once again, I sat out in the van with my thumb up my hoop.” Crieger said. “I’m not necessarily saying I enjoy shooting people in the face—it gets expensive sometimes, you know? But …”

“You enjoy shooting people in the face,” Knox said. “Oh, this other time,” Crieger said suddenly, ignoring Knox’s comment, “we were at this swank party in Broadmoor. Except we weren’t invited and got stuck in a bedroom on the third floor. Doyle—he’s the magicky one—snuck us past the guard dogs. I told him I had tons of stick-n-shock, but Aengus said no and for Doyle to charm the mutts or some drek. So he did, and again I didn’t get to fire a fragging shot.

“So, we’re stuck upstairs. Floor below us is packed with rich knobs eating their rich-people food and drinking their rich-people drinks, yakking about their rich-people drek.”

Aengus adjusted his tie in the mirror while the team argued about how to approach their problem. “And he’s preening,” Source said with a roll of her eyes.

“It’s for a good cause,” Aengus laid a reassuring hand on her shoulder and gave her a wink. “Be right back. Stay here,” he said as he walked out, closing the argument behind him.

Aengus lifted an arm in greeting to one of the guards and called, “Excusez-moi, pourriez-vous me diriger vers le vestiaire, s’il vous plaît?” He flashed a self-deprecating smile as he approached. “Je crois que j’ai perdu mon chemin.”

A scowl briefly crossed the guard’s face when he spotted Aengus, but at the torrent of French, his expression slackened, and his mouth dropped open. He glanced down both ends of the hallway, then sighed. “Follow me,” he said loudly and slowly and beckoned him down the stairway. Aengus followed.

When they reached the ballroom, the guard waved him toward the room.

“Merci. Je vais demander à quelqu’un ici,” Aengus said. “Sure, buddy,” the guard said and departed.



“Damn,” Source’s voice came through over Aengus’ earpiece as he picked up a thin flute of champagne from a passing tray. “You kiss your momma with that mouth?”

Aengus smiled and nodded toward anyone who glanced his way. “French is a beautiful, respectable language and you’re a heathen if you disagree with me.”

“Well, all I know is ‘Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir,’ so forgive me if I think all they talk about is sex.”

“Mister Crieger,” Knox said, pausing on the “s” for a moment longer than necessary. He pinched the bridge of his nose and exhaled loudly through his nostrils. “Is this going somewhere?”

“Uh, yeah,” Crieger said in a tone that hinted at obviousness.

Knox’s nostrils flared and his mouth pressed into a thin line.

Crieger glanced at the two bodyguards—who had each begun to slightly shift their weight just after Knox exhaled—and then at Knox. “Okay, yeah.” Crieger sat up a little straighter. “I can make a long story short.”

“Do so,” Knox said.

“So, I guess, in short, our face had some dirt on the guy hosting the party. He goes up to the guy, exchanges a few words real quiet-like ,and the guy threatens to draw down all of security on our heads. But then our face mentions he’s real good buddies with the primetime anchor on Channel One News on the Fives, or some drek, when really he worked it out with our decker to send a data package with all the aforementioned dirt to Your Number One News Source. So the guy goes all pale, and they agree to politely escort us out of the house. Aengus also gets the guy to hand over the docs we were there to get in the first place.” Crieger took a deep breath and threw his hands up. “And again, I didn’t get to do my damned job.”

Knox sipped his whiskey.

Crieger shook his head, sat forward with his palms on his thighs, and regarded the bodyguards. “I mean, can you believe this guy? I bet you two get to do your jobs, right?”

The bodyguards said nothing, their faces held no expression, and their gazes landed on Crieger.

“Yeah,” Crieger pulled his gaze away from the armed guards. “I bet you do.”

Knox set his glass down. “Mr. Crieger—”

“I mean, we’re supposed to be a team, yeah? So, how about a little fragging teamwork, am I right?” “Mr. Crieger.”

“I don’t step in on your job, so it would stand to fragging reason that you don’t step in on my—” “Mr. Crieger!”

Crieger snapped his mouth shut and blinked at Knox. “What?”

Knox took a moment and a breath, then spoke quietly. “Thank you for dropping by. I’ll see what I can do to connect you—”

“Oh no, no, no,” Crieger said, shaking his head, “I know what this is.”

Knox’s jaw clenched. “And what do you know this is?” Crieger jabbed the air with his index finger. “This is one of those, ‘we’ll get back to you,’ or ‘don’t call us, we’ll call you,’ deals, isn’t it? I need a new team, Knox! I don’t know if I could make it any clearer.”

Knox’s mouth, pressed again into a thin line, whitened. He took a breath through his nose. “As I said, I will see what I can—”

“Dammit, man, I thought you were someone who got drek done—”

Knox rose to his feet and his bodyguards had their guns in hand in an instant. “You listen to me, young man, and you listen well,” he growled. “I’m not the sort of person you interrupt nor the sort of person who you make demands of. And I am certainly not the sort of person whose time you waste whining.”

Crieger’s mouth worked, but no sound emerged. “I have attempted to remain polite, but I’ll stand for this no longer.” Knox’s eyes narrowed and he tipped his head to one side. “I am also not the sort of person who you attempt to manipulate at your whim.”

Crieger began stammering protests, but Knox cut him off.

“That little attempt at plying me earlier, it’s painfully obvious you were trying to deceive me. I didn’t for one moment believe you’re a whiskey connoisseur, although no doubt you’d learned somewhere on the roach-riddled streets that I am. Your attempted manipulation was clumsy, transparent, and offended me. So no, I will not find you a new team. I will, however, take the contact details of the Face who so vexes you.” Knox sneered. “I prefer to meet with individuals who have talent.”

Crieger’s face, ashen, wore a hangdog expression as he rose to his feet, transferred Aengus’s comm code, and mumbled thanks for meeting with him. Then he hurried out of the VIP nest and out of the club.

He walked quickly away from the club, past the entry line that snaked around the corner, until he had four city blocks between himself and Knox. Ducking into an alleyway, he let out a deep breath, and wiped a hand firmly down his face.

The nanopaste Crieger disguise smeared away from Aengus’ face at the stroke of his hand. He flicked the used paste off his hand and onto the pavement. He sniffed and used his commlink to recode the color and texture of his wig off of his “Crieger” settings and back to his everyday hairstyle.

He then ducked in to the 24-hour diner and chatted with the waiter to get to know him a little better (Walter: enjoys parasailing and wants a better-paying job).

“So, what do you do for a living?” Walter asked while pouring a soykaf.

Aengus thought for a moment. “I like to get to know people,” he said before his commlink chirped. He excused himself while Walter nodded and went to the other end of the counter to wait on the elderly troll woman.

“Aengus,” Aengus said by way of greeting.

“Aengus? Victor Knox. I’m a fixer and I’d like to make your acquaintance if you have some time to meet.”

“Hmm, let me check my calendar and get back to you,” Aengus said, because he knew Knox (hates crudeness, loves whiskey, hates being manipulated, and disdains anyone who seems too eager.



until the Seventh World eventually rolls around. Still, we’re gonna give it a go anyway.
