---
id: SO-0124
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Psychic Bookie - Posted by: Mr. Bonds'
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Psychic Bookie

## Posted by: Mr. Bonds

Ever wonder why some brokers and bookies seem to always have the hot picks? Sure, it might seem like the inside track or insider trading, and in plenty of cases it might be. There are plenty of brokers with great instincts, but as a great man once said, “You can’t fool all the people all of the time, but you can fool some of the people some of the time.” With some canvassing and a little math, you can look like some kind of psychic with a hotline to the gods, picking sure-fire winners every time.

- Brokers and bookies are two sides of the same coin. If they weren’t making stock picks they’d be at an OTB somewhere.

- **>** Traveler Jones

- You do know it’s a little more complicated than that …

- Mr. Bonds

- Hey, I know there’s no such thing as psychics, but can mages use precognition or divination to pick winners?

- **>** Whippit

- Only in the broadest terms. Large-scale changes are things anyone can see. Divination is subjective, specific in its foresight and ambiguous the further away it gets. The sheer scale of choices and variables that go into systems as complex as stock

speculation means that the general certainties you might get are equal to a competent speculator’s predictions. **>** Ethernaut

- Meanwhile, gambling establishments tend to have as many variables as well. But any major hub is going to have a mage or the like running overwatch as a pit boss or assisting them. Magical cheating is still cheating, and if the house doesn’t win, you won’t, either.

- Lei Kung
