---
id: SO-0180
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'ARE YOU GETTING PLAYED? - Posted by: Cover'
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ARE YOU GETTING PLAYED?

## Posted by: Cover

My years working in the shadows have enlightened me quite a lot concerning who I can trust. Since my quiet “retirement” as a bartender, I’ve learned more about the relationships we can foster and where they can go wrong. Metahumanity is relatively fragile, and the social constructs we live by can help and hurt us in equal measure.

Worrying about whether someone is out to screw you over isn’t going to help you with your run’s objectives, but it might keep you alive when it all goes sideways. I figure I can lay out some of my hardearned experience and walk you through the best tools at your disposal to keep you one step ahead— that way you’ll be prepared for the inevitable betrayal instead of being paralyzed by fear that your contacts are selling you out at the first opportunity.

The key to all of this is information. Everyone has values or priorities that drive most of their actions. The fixer you’ve been working with for the last five years could have a sick mother she cares for.

And when some corp puts pressure on mom, your fixer ends up selling you out. That doesn’t mean she’s out to get you, though. Do you want to lose that fixer just because some corp screwed her over?

Information plays a huge part in dealing with new people too. Say you’re going to meet up with some new smugglers, Johnsons, fixers, talisleggers, or other contacts in the shadows. Whether you make a deal with them, or pass, will depend on your needs, but also on that gut feeling you get when you meet them for the first time. While those initial instincts can tell you a lot, it’s better to have as much information as possible so you can interpret those instincts before deciding to toss the squirrely talislegger out.

After we talk about things you need to keep an eye out for, Lanyap will tell you about an old name from the shadows that’s resurfaced in the last couple of years. He’ll give you the paydata on if you can use this host to help you dig up dirt on contacts in the shadows.
