---
id: SO-0334
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Pixel Tag Controller
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Pixel Tag Controller

Individual pixel tags can be connected to a PAN as a single device, but coordinating large enough numbers of pixel tags to do anything more useful than creating blinking lights requires a specialized device to manage them. Personal pixel tag controllers are extremely small devices (roughly the size of a human fingernail) that come standard with a

**==> picture [17 x 176] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SMOOTH OPERATIONS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

DISGUISESself-adhesive so they can stick onto a commlink and are capable of managing up to 100,000 pixel tags. Professional controllers are handheld devices roughly the size of an average commlink and can control up to one-million-pixel tags. Industrial controllers are larger devices, roughly the size of an average toaster, and can control billions of pixel tags at once.

Using pixel tags to create a believable illusion requires enough of them to create the desired image. Plain text or simple icons are cheap and easy, while realistic complex images requires varying numbers of tags. Provided that enough pixel tags are being employed to produce the desired image, the user will need to make an Electronics (Computers) + Logic test. The number of hits scored on the test becomes the threshold for Perception tests to notice that the effect is an illusion created by pixel tags. Note, users may only create two-dimensional images on a surface using pixel tags. However, by placing them throughout an environment or in a specific place, the user might be able to create a three-dimensional illusionary effect. Perception tests to notice that a three-dimensional image is being produced by pixel tags have a threshold of 2.

A pixel tag controller bolsters the Matrix connection of any connected pixel tags, ignoring up to two levels of Matrix noise.
