---
id: SO-0050
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'GETTING A READ - Posted by: Jolene Price'
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## GETTING A READ

## Posted by: Jolene Price

- I was curious about how the people who make their living brokering deals live with the fact that most everyone they deal with is trying to take advantage of them. So, I’ve brought in someone who’s been working as a voice for one of the dragons. And if someone can land that kind of gig, stands reason they know a few things.

- Glitch

- Not a voice—that means something very specific. She just happens to be in the employ of one of my kind.

- Orange Queen

A large part of my job is negotiating and making deals. And to make that happen, I need to employ a lot of tools, tricks, and tactics. The key to all that is the ability to read people so (at the very least) I don’t get screwed over, killed, or any number of rather unpleasant outcomes.

At the same time, I need to know how far to push things, especially if it’s a high-stakes, makeor-break kind of situation. One step too far, one misinterpreted gesture, one misspoken word, and the whole thing can go to drek in an instant. Sometimes with violent results. Conversely, if I don’t go far _enough_ and push to get as much as I can for either myself or my client, then I’m not doing my job. Making sure people on the other side of the table aren’t going to come after me later in some kind of misplaced need for revenge isn’t a bad thing either.

I also need to ensure that people are willing to work with me in the future, even those I negotiated _against_ . It’s a delicate balance of doing the job, doing the job well, getting the best possible outcome for my clients, but still maintaining a certain level of professional respect. At least to those who deserve it. Because once the deal is done, it’s still just biz after all.

- On that note, the metahuman psyche is very interesting in that regard. If one side of the party gets too good of a deal, the othersometimes assumes they’ve been sold them something that’s flawed, doomed to fail, or maybe part of a trap. **>** The Mechanic

But I digress. We could spend an inordinate amount of time talking about the fine art of negotiation, _or_ we can get to why I’m here and talk about the skills involved with reading your opponent.
