---
id: SO-0177
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Scaling
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Scaling

I said this was small-time, and I meant it. If you really want to upscale, I’d take it as far as a car for the casual use. Faking being hit by a car and demanding hospital/hush money is a variant. But you’ve gotta be hit by a car first and they have to stop and give a shit, so I don’t recommend it. The high-stakes Egg Drop (named for the aforementioned Fabergé) only works in certain sets, where it has sentimental value and you’re in polite and wellheeled company. It’s situational and comes down to propriety over desperation, so it’s a softer touch. Sir Clifford tips over your Ming vase and oh, what a calamity! Because it’s a bigger job, you picked Sir Clifford because he can afford to make it right and is a man of public-facing integrity. And we certainly don’t want to discredit that image, do we?

- Can you still get knighted anywhere? Is that still a thing?

- **>** Sounder

- For 2k I can get you a cubic foot of Tir soil and make you a Laird, complete with documentation.

- Carbon Score

- For 20 minutes and a beer I can do the same thing with an editor.

- Slamm-0!

- You know what? Deal.

- Sounder

- USERNAME EDIT: SOUNDER>SIR_SOUNDER

- Nope.

- Glitch

- Aw, c’mon!

- Sir Sounder

- USERNAME EDIT: SIR_SOUNDER>SOUNDER

- Well, it was fun while it lasted.

- Sounder

- If it means anything, you;ll always be royalty to me, bud.

- Slamm-0!

- Thanks, chummer. Good to know you’re buying the beers.

- Sounder

- Drek.

- Slamm-0!

- Sir? Shouldn’t it be “Dame” Sounder?

- Chainmaker

- Technically yeah, but all in good fun.

- Sounder

- Got a special one for this: Introducing Wicket, a former Blue Gate deep cover Auditor. Definitely someone who knows what they’re talking about.

- Wicket

- Blue Gate, eh? Think it’s smart poking your head up like this?

- Saturday Jones

- I know what I’m doing.

- Wicket
