---
id: SO-0056
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Game Information - New Statuses
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Information

## New Statuses

There are a number of existing statuses (p. 51–53, _SR6_ ) that can apply to social interactions. Confused can be useful when describing someone subjected to excessive external stimulation as part of a con game. The con artist may use multiple senses and information in an attempt to obfuscate their intention, leaving the target bewildered.

Frightened is often used with specific critter powers such as Fear, but it can absolutely apply when someone is being intimidated—such as when the meet is on a gang’s turf, or to a target whose family member was kidnapped. This can also apply to an NPC who is cowardly.

When Frightened doesn’t cut it, the Panicked status can be used to greater effect. Whether there was a large explosion outside their office, or there was a full FUD (fear, uncertainty, and doubt) campaign enacted against them, the target can only think about getting out of there. Panicked is useful when a team needs someone away from a location, allowing them unrestricted access to a room or targeted location.

In addition to these statuses from _Shadowrun, Sixth World_ (p. 51), here are new statuses that can be used to represent any social situation. Removing the condition’s effect is up to the gamemaster, but suggestions are included with each condition as guidance.
