---
id: SO-0011
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Who the Frag is in Charge of This Drek?
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Who the Frag is in Charge of This Drek?

In any good run, someone needs to be calling the shots. Militaries call it the chain of command; some think of it as the natural pecking order. Call it whatever you want, but without someone leading or coordinating the moving parts and pieces of a run and keeping things on track, things quickly go sideways. Some teams already have that leadership in place, while others let subject matter experts take point on runs that highlight their skills; either way works.

Now, shadowrunners by their very nature tend to be rather, well, _rather opinionated_ . This means that whoever is in charge needs to have the appropriate social skills, or at least the force of personality, to get people on board with a plan, during both conception and execution. Sometimes, this means the team’s face must employ their skills to help make this happen— _especially_ if they are the team leader. Other times, they may need to play peacemaker, because we all know that runners _never_ let their egos get in the way.

Legwork and planning are essential to every run, nothing new there. Regardless of the legwork, a team needs to execute their respective parts of the plan at the right time and with little pushback to succeed. We’ve all been on _that_ run before, where we’ve done our due diligence and laid out the right contingency plans. But then someone _still_ decides to improvise and not tell the rest of the team. And now we’re all dying in a gun battle.

- You forgot the maxim: No plan survives contact with the enemy. And I’ve seen just as many runs go south when runners can’t think on their feet and improvise.

- Stone

including security systems, physical defenses, and traffic. And while any face with the appropriate skills can help with those plans, you should concentrate your efforts where you’ll shine most: the metahuman factor. The people who live and work in or around those locations, like wageslaves, local street criminals, and community members, make up the fabric of a place. If you want to get the best paydata from the locals, you’ll need some influence with them.

- Remember that in our ultra-connected world, “local” is a rather flexible term. I was on a job in Lagos, and I was helped by contacts in Horizon’s LA office who had paydata regarding the hawala I was looking into.

- Sim-Eon

- I always measure local in terms of “who knows whom.” If you need to influence someone, going through their connections is one way to gain trust, especially if they hear the same advice from multiple people.

- Haze

Having a wide contact network to pull data from makes things exponentially easier. But if you don’t already have one in place, or if you have to make a new one from scratch for some reason, start hitting the streets. You can start by canvassing the local entertainment venues, such as bars, restaurants, or sporting events. People are generally more amenable to meeting strangers when blowing off steam and having fun. These venues are also great spots for non-locals or newcomers, because they attract a lot less attention when patronizing such places.

- My fave is to hit the bars while a baseball game is on. It’s easy to commiserate with the locals when their team’s getting trounced.

- Slamm-0!

- You’re both right, and wrong. If the plan is working, follow it. If it’s not, get a new one. The trick is to know the difference and act accordingly.

  - Baseball?

  - Lav

- Fianchetto
