---
id: SO-0297
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Game Information
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Information

All outfits have a capacity for fashion accessories. These are listed under the available clothing.

Armor that does not have a designated Social Rating has a default Capacity 2 for fashion accessories. Armor that provides a bonus to Social Rating has Capacity 3 for fashion accessories, and armor that provides a penalty to Social Rating has only one capacity for fashion accessories.

Capacity for fashion accessories is separate from capacity for armor modifications. Fashion accessories don’t use up armor modification capacity, and armor modification capacity can’t be used

for adding more fashion accessories.

Most fashion accessories provide a bonus or penalty to Social Ratings when incorporated into an outfit. Standard accessories provide +1 or –1 to Social Rating, while très chic accessories provide +2 or –2. A specialized accessory provides an additional +1 or –1 to Social Rating, but only within the right context. Wearing a Seattle Screamers jersey to the local sports bar is appropriate, but it’s not suitable at the clubs or when meeting Mr. Johnson, so it doesn’t provide bonuses.

The bonuses and penalties to Social Ratings from accessories stack, provided that there’s enough capacity for them. Each fashion accessory takes up 1 capacity.

When purchasing an accessory, define its value (standard or très chic), whether it provides a bonus or penalty to Social Rating, and what form it takes. Accessories can be nearly anything that can be combined with your outfit. Examples include (but are not limited to): jewelry, watches, hats, scarves, ties, gloves, logo-emblazoned T-shirts or jackets, footwear, purses and briefcases.

Next, define whether the accessory is for general or specialized use. For specialized use, define a contact type it works best with. Alternately, users can choose a specific faction or fandom, like a megacorp, nation, policlub, sports team, or band. When interacting with characters that match the context of the specialized accessory, the bonus or penalty to Social Rating applies. Otherwise, the accessory provides no bonus or penalty.
