---
id: SO-0118
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Clip Joint Plot Hooks
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Clip Joint Plot Hooks

**>** Wait, this is what happened to Holden Caulfield isn’t it?

**>** Red

- Please. Caulfield is representative of youthful disassociation, assuming you can’t see he’s the very definition of an unreliable narrator.

- Winterhawk

- Take it to the Literature Discussion Board, gentlemen.

- Glitch

- WE HAVE ONE OF THOESE?

- Slamm-0!

- We do … as of … now.

- Glitch

- WHY?!

- Slamm-0

- Because it shut them up.

- Glitch

The runners are savvy enough not to think there’s any sex in the champagne room (probably), but people running a clip joint aren’t really selling sex but rather the promise of progress. If there’s a door between you and what you want, and they control it, they’ll stretch that toll as far as they can. Room after room, promise after promise, every nuyen they can milk without provoking violence they can’t handle will be hustled for, delaying the runners and sapping their stealth if they were hoping for a quiet approach. Come to it, who says they aren’t selling security to the target? Maybe a sale has already been made, and you’re paying the clippers for access while the mark is buying time to get away.

There are variants, of course. The Massage Parlour, Backstreet Theatre, Endangered Delicacies, but those are smaller time, slower turnaround, more effort. The thing about this is that you maintain superior show of force, and that means muscle. You want bouncers, heavies, the ones who can suppress violence before it becomes violence, and should violence happen? Well, nothing makes a better show of force than force, eh?

- Remember when this place was about biz?

- Prime Runner

The most common way this works is a strip club, though any club is excellent. Let’s talk about the two basic versions:
