---
id: SO-0225
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Fast-talker
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Fast-talker

“Fast-talker” can mean different things to different people; it’s the stage on which they perform that defines them. A few examples include activists, Matrix influencers, politicians, and promoters. All of whom take their stage and emerge as influential figures, each captivating people in distinct yet surprisingly similar ways. The intricate parallels that exist between these seemingly different professions are clearer when one sees the common tactics they employ in order to enthrall their audience.

**==> picture [154 x 33] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> > > Insert 15. “Fast-talker”<br>(½ page Color vertical<br>character illo) here<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

While the platforms and mediums may differ, these roles can utilize media and technology to reach a broader audience or to meet a Mr. Johnson in VR. A promoter will use stages, screens, or street corners. Influencers leverage Matrix platforms, blogs, and trodes. Activists use both Matrix platforms and traditional media to spread their message. Politicians engage with the public through rallies, debates, and Matrix media. They adapt to the changing social landscape to stay relevant and reach their target audience.

Fast-talkers are masters of the con game. A fast-talker employs rhetoric, diplomacy, and charisma to sway opinion, garner support, and advocate the advancement of their goals. Similarly, they harness their talents to captivate people, evoke emotions, and leave a lasting impression. They rely on the power of storytelling, whether through political speeches or captivating performances, to engage and resonate with their respective audiences. These convincing narratives don’t have to be biased; they can weave intricate lies without faltering, making it difficult for their marks to discern fact from fiction. This ability to articulate complex stories and explanations adds a layer of credibility to their deceit.


## Fast-Talker

| Fast-Talker                                       | Fast-Talker | Fast-Talker |          |       |        |        |          |         |         |
| ------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- | -------- | ----- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| \*\*Metatype:\*\*Dwarf<br>**B**<br>**A**<br>**R** |             |             | **S**    | **W** | **L**  | **I**  | **C**    | **EDG** | **ESS** |
| 5                                                 | 4           | 4(6)        | 3        | 6     | 4      | 5      | 6        | 5       | 5.4     |
|                                                   |             | **DR**      | **I/ID** |       | **AC** | **CM** | **MOVE** |         |         |
|                                                   |             | 7           | <br>11/1 |       | A1/I2  | 11/11  | 10/15/+1 |         |         |

**Active Skills:** Biotech 1, Close Combat 2, Con 6 (Acting +3), Electronics 2, Firearms 4, Influence 5, Outdoors 1, Perception 5, Piloting 1, Stealth 5 **Knowledge Skills:** Banking, Blackmarket Goods Value, Paydata Value, Types of Cons

**Languages:** English (Native)

**Qualities:** All Business, Bounty, Façade, Toxin Resistance, Thermographic Vision **Contacts:** Bank Manager (C4/L3), Chop Shop Mechanic (C3/L3), Construction Foreman (C2/L3), Customs Officer (C2/L3), Fence (C2/L2), Paramedic (C2/L2), Police Dispatcher (C2/L2)

**Lifestyle:** Low (1 month prepaid)

**Augmentations:** Reaction enhancers (rating 2)

**Gear:** AV Rapid Transit (chemical protection, diamond), contacts (rating 3, image link, vision enhancement), earbuds (rating 3, audio enhancement, spatial recognizer), Erika Elite commlink, 2 x fake SIN (rating 1; w/ driver’s license), fake SIN (rating 5; w/ concealed carry license, cyberware license, driver’s license). **Vehicles:** GMC Bulldog Step-Van (Living Space 6 CF, spoof kit) **Starting Nuyen:** 235¥

**Weapons:**

HaKa Skorpion [SMG, DV 2P, SA/BF, 10/9/8/—/—, 30c, w/ regular sling, 90 rounds caseless regular ammo]

Ruger Redhawk [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA, BF, 7/10/7/—/—, 8cy, w/ 30 rounds caseless]



Additionally, they often cultivate a distinct façade that resonates with the mark. A charismatic and relatable personality can be a powerful tool, enabling a fast-talker to establish a strong connection. If a fast-talker wants to be an influencer, they will project confidence, leadership, and empathy, aiming to inspire trust and confidence among their constituents. However, another fast-talker may want to create their own cult and craft façades that appeal to the emotions and fantasies of their audience, allowing them to escape reality and find solace in the narratives they present.

Unfortunately, fast-talkers have disadvantages. In the age of Matrix and viral trends, a fast-talker’s exploits can make them infamous. While manipulative tactics might achieve short-term goals, they often lead to long-term losses. People and contacts are less likely to want to associate with those who uses manipulative techniques. When someone realizes they’ve been misled or pressured, it damages the relationship and makes it difficult to rebuild trust. Word spreads quickly, and others may become wary of interacting with a known manipulator. Their actions, statements, and even personal lives often face intense scrutiny, dissected and analyzed. This scrutiny often shapes others’ opinions, creating a symbiotic relationship between everyone else and the fast-talker.

A fast-talker is a charismatic and manipulative individual who is often seen as preying on the trust and vulnerabilities of others. Their charming demeanor, exceptional manipulation skills, eloquence, adaptability, confidence, and lack of empathy form a potent combination that allows them to carry out elaborate frauds. Even a professional who recognizes these traits and attempts to safeguard themselves against their schemes can still be deceived by their exploitative endeavors.
