---
id: SO-0413
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Professional Note 08: The Long Game'
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Professional Note 08: The Long Game

Only evident at the very end, setting De la Vega up to ultimately be the team’s exfiltration method is something that would have taken an extremely long time to set up and could have been a shadowrun in itself. And while only briefly mentioned, it would have taken weeks, maybe even months to set up. But it is an excellent example of not only planning for multiple contingencies but also how contacts and allies can aid a shadowrunner and their team. This may not have the primary method of exfiltration, as the Professor could have succeeded with the spirit and been able to make his way out of the research facility on his own, but it would have left several, if not all of this team still in Renraku custody. So, it stands to reason that everything up until that point was for show, and the Professor was playing an extremely long con game.

admit my composure waned as the large security guard struck me hard in my abdomen and bolts of electricity surged through my body, which enhanced the already significant impact of the large man’s rather substantial fist.

“I apologize, Professor Shiloh. You understand that I must illustrate to you how serious I am about inflicting harm on your person if you do not cooperate.” Director Naka seemed sincere in her apology and also in her willingness to orchestrate violence. “Shall we begin? Why are you here in my facility?”

“I was invited by Dr. Ishihara to assist in the examination of a very powerful, arcane artifact that you have here under study.” Director Naka began to nod again to the large security guard with the crackling fist. “I also planned to steal said artifact!” I added quickly before the security guard could strike again.

Director Naka raised her hand, pausing the incoming blow. “I assume you are working with a team of professional thieves?”

“Absolutely, I don’t mean to toot my own horn, however, I believe the team that I have selected, if given enough time together, could be one of the top ensembles in the world. They would have to be to infiltrate a secure facility like yours.”

One of Director Naka’s perfectly manicured eyebrows raised in suspicion. “And you are willing to sacrifice this team of yours?”

“Most certainly! To avoid physical and or mental duress, possibly even death? I positively will sell out my team. The old adage holds true, Ms. Naka—there is no honor among thieves. I’m here for personal gain, and at this moment, that personal gain manifests itself as me not dying.”

Director Naka waved the heavy-handed security guard back to his post next to the other. “Very well, Professor, tell me about your team.” Just aswas about to weave an expertly handcrafted lie to Director Naka about my team, a sharp rap resonated from the large steel door. The probably-not-ork peeked out and took in a sharp breath of surprise. He swung the door open, and in stepped the head of the facility and Renraku Department Manager Yori Masatoshi. All three of the Renraku employees bowed sharply to the elderly Japanese man. And standing behind one of the most influential Renraku department managers was our mutual acquaintance, Mr. De la Vega.

**>** Plot twist! **>** Slamm-0!

You see, while we were executing our daring and quite frankly ingenious heist, Mr. De la Vega was working his way through multiple, thick layers of Renraku red tape and yes-men, right to the top. See, there are many disadvantages in having an adversary like Renraku. First is people power; a company like Renraku will never exhaust the number of goons and flunkies that they could throw at you. Next is resources; with yearly profits that outweigh the GDP of the top five nations combined, you’ll never outspend them. But there are some advantages. Take, for instance, that in an organization as large as Renraku, it’s virtually impossible that any one individual, even a DM, will personally know even a fraction of the total employee population.

However, with enough patience and time invested, you can turn those who should be your mortal enemy, such as Mr. De la Vega, into an ally. Granted, a thief and a corporate headhunter who tracks down corporate espionage suspects for a living are about as opposite as they can get. Then again, sometimes that’s just how the Sixth World works.

“Cut him loose,” Masatoshi-sama ordered. Director Naka’s perfectly manicured eyebrows almost flew off her face in shock. She started to protest, but the probably ork had already cut the line, dumping me unceremoniously to the floor.

“You will address this gentleman at my side as Mr. Pinkerton,” he said as De la Vega bowed slightly. “He is a Najima Investments investigator from Seattle.” Masatoshi explained. “He’s been tracking Professor Shiloh across half the globe. It was through his efforts that these thieves were apprehended.” De la Vega hovered over me with a glare of disgust. “This ‘Professor’ infiltrated a similar installation in Seattle not three weeks ago. He stole a very potent magical focus right from under Renraku security’s noses.”

“I wouldn’t say right from under. The Seattle facility was far less secure than this institution here.” De la Vega kicked me while I was down, and believe me, I didn’t have to pretend to be in pain. I would later find out that one of my ribs had been cracked. Now, whether it was the very orkish gentleman or De la Vega that laid the last straw that broke my rib, I can’t be sure.

De la Vega then handed a jet-black data pad to Director Naka and announced, “I am formally requesting the transfer of this individual and his accomplices immediately into my custody.” On the data pad was the flawlessly reproduced 873.22 prisoner transfer form, with biometrically verified authorization from multiple regional and even one national director. Naka looked like her security officer had struck her in the gut.

“Did you recover all of your stolen items?” De la Vega inquired.

“Yes …” Director Naka replied while she was still studying the data pad, “We have not been able to bypass the wards on the the container the thieves had planned to transport the artifact in without risking damage. But yes, it is in a secure location.”

“Good, then you don’t need them anymore,” De la Vega said and turned to the security guards. “Escort the professor and his cohorts to the main loading dock. I have a prisoner transport and my own guard detail waiting there.” Both turned to Masatoshi-sama and the older man simply nodded.

**>** Okay, I will say this. That was a bit of a masterstroke in the end. I can’t tell if it was planned that way, or if it was a backup. Either way, bravo.

**>** Fianchetto

Much later, Ry Collins’ “Blue Dog Blues” sauntered through the night air as the _SS Mark Twain_ sped west across the Java Sea. We were en route to Singapore, and in the main cabin, the long, grand dining table was set for five, a large feast spread out before all of the co-conspirators. I wrapped my silver dinner fork against my wine glass, and the deep burgundy liquid sloshing slightly “I want to thank each and every one of you. This was a very difficult job, and I appreciate all the hard work you all put into this.” I looked around the table to each member of the team, “Every single one of you played a critical role in this endeavor. Without any one of the pieces that each of you brought to this puzzle, the whole operation would have fallen apart.”

“You talk about the hard work we put in,” Incogno said as he sipped from a cold Pilsner Urquell beer. “Let’s talk about the hard money you’re going to pay us.”

“Absolutely,” I pulled a commlink from my vest pocket and tapped a few buttons. It felt amazing to be fully clothed once again. “There you are. Ifeveryone could check your designated accounts, you will find that the agreed-upon rate has been distributed. And there’s a bit of a bonus in there for such a smooth operation.”

“That’s some bonus ...” De la Vega’s face wore pleasantly shocked quite well.

“Well, it was some job!” I pointed out. “We all return relatively unscathed, Miss Belle and I notwithstanding.” I looked over to the muscular elf, still wearing the yellow sundress but now with two matching black eyes.

“It was a lovely dinner.” Belle waxed wistfully. “But we didn’t retrieve the artifact. What happened to it?” Augury’s face was draped in true concern.

“It was completely destroyed,” Incogno piped up a certain pride in his voice. “Each of those firefly drones were sporting micro-torches that made quick work of the tablet the moment the bag was sealed. All Renraku has now is bag full of rocks.”

“I do apologize for the ruse,” I quickly interjected, and doing my best to sound genuinely apologetic, “I don’t like to keep my team in the dark about the mission’s true goals. However, I felt that some of the team may have be apprehensive if it were widely known that the goal was to simply destroy the item instead of leaving with it. It tends to make folk feel as if they are expendable, which they are most certainly not. Nevertheless, our benefactor thanks you immensely.”

“About our mysterious benefactor.” Belle chimed in. “Any additional information that you can divulge now that the job is finished?”

“Alas, our benefactor still wishes to remain anonymous. I will say that they have no love for Renraku or any of the AAA corporations. Matter of fact, they believe that the world is not ready for such an artifact as the one we encountered today. But perhaps I have said too much.”

“Just another piece of this puzzle that you felt we couldn’t handle!” Augury’s scowl felt like sandpaper.

“This was entirely my decision not to divulge our true goals to anybody, save Incogno, as it would be his drones doing the deed.” Taken aback, I attempted to absorb all of the blame.“ Not leaving with the item that we intended to steal could be seen as a controversial course of action. I just didn’t want to muddy the waters during the operation.”

“Miss Augury ...” I tried.

“No.” she interrupted. “Unacceptable. After we make port, do not contact me again.”

So, Mr. Bloodstone, I hope you see that we all have room to grow and improve. By not telling the team the whole truth, I violated the trust that they placed in me. And even though the operation was successful, my mistakes irrevocably damaged an extremely efficient team.
