---
id: SO-0178
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'The Plant - Posted By: Wicket'
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Plant

## Posted By: Wicket

You want something but you can’t just up and get it? Most of the time you can just nick it, maybe you get caught, maybe you don’t. But it’s as simple as how quick your fingers are. Sometimes though, that something ain’t so easily nicked. Sometimes it is behind a veritable fortress protected by a literal army of corpsec goons. Story as old as time, especially in this business. So how do you get to that something? Havin’ a friend on the inside is how.

Let’s say you’ve got this corp, without naming any names, and it’s got someone on the inside who can produce deltaware. But they’re under lock and key. Protected by the best corpsec agents they’ve got. I guarantee you don’t have the steel to go in hard, but you don’t need to. You got time, use it. Get a friend into the corp, get ‘em close as you can to the mark, and strike.

- Get yourself a crew of the right kind of mercs, the kind with loose morals and an eye for a paycheck, and I promise you that you’ll hit plenty hard enough.

- Kane

- Right, and what about for those of us who don’t want to be the most wanted lunatic in, what ten countries?

- Traveler Jones

- Just ten? You wound me.

- Kane

This gambit requires a bit of planning, a spot of luck, and most importantly, a good team. The most important role in said team is going to be the plant themselves. Whoever this is needs to have a spotless background, better yet a background that’s attractive to the corps. The team needs to make sure this gets done. Either make it a great counterfeit or make it real. Get the plant in the police academy, get them crackin’ heads for a merc outfit, do whatever you have to. Make the plant a shoo-in, and then get them in.

Once your plant is in the corp’s bloodstream, it’s time to make them the star, the up-and-comer, the best thing since APDS rounds. The rest of the team starts hitting the corp, wherever they got the plant stationed. Small hits, common stuff that corpsec might face on a daily basis. But the plant is going to have a one up on the rest of their newfound colleagues and they’ll be there to thwart the team in their “efforts.” Corp transports moving tech from point A to point B? The plant is going to spot the ambush before it happens. Corp moving a VIP through the city? The plant is going to thwart an assassination attempt, maybe takes a bullet in the process, but sadly the assailant escapes. Make it look good. These first few setups are going to be the easy part, so enjoy it while it lasts. Make sure the team doesn’t get snagged in the process, you’ll need the manpower as this scheme drags on. After a while the plant is rewarded for their

skill. They’re promoted, given more responsibility, or some mix of the two. Rinse and repeat.

You know what comes next, don’t you?

The trick to this is getting crafty with it. You can’t use the same setups over and over again, you’ll sell the plant out. Corpsec is always on the alert for double agents. It’s a balancing act; make ‘em look good, but not too good. Silly ain’t it? Well get your yucks out now, you screw this up and you’ll end up in a ditch along with the rest of your team. Slow your roll in-between setups, the plant can’t always be the hero. In fact, it’s better if they’re not sometimes. Some of the corps’ jobs gotta go smooth with no interruptions by you and yours. Otherwise, people will be asking why trouble seems to follow your plant around. That isn’t a conversation that needs to be happening. You gotta cultivate that up-comer mystique, while simultaneously givin’ your plant enough camouflage to avoid getting strung up.

To that end, the plant would do well to befriend someone within the corp. Make the two of ‘em the perfect buddy duo. They both thwart your schemes, they both get the credit, they’re both the golden children, and your plant gets plausible deniability. Hell, if you’re savvy enough, you can even use the poor partner as a shield, throw ‘em under the bus if CorpSec comes sniffing around. Sell the poor sod off as someone who’s doing what you’re doing. Your plant gets to live another day and could come out looking even better than before, win-win. If you can look at yourself in the mirror afterwards. Though I’m sure that won’t be a problem for you, will it chummer?

- OpSec is paramount; it has to be at the forefront of your team’s minds at all times. Not everyone is your friend. In this case, the plant should understand that nobody around them is their friend. They should feel it in their bones. The plant’s only “friend” is the team, and that is how it must be. The plant has to be the viper in the corp’s garden, not just another mouse. If they see a suit to sacrifice to cover their tracks a bit better? Better get to it.

- **>** Thorn

- An interesting sobriquet, “viper.” It’s important to remember that a viper is not only vicious, but also cunning. Your plant can make nice with the prey, so to speak, so long as it serves a greater purpose. Leverage the corporate gossip, make friends with the talented folks, sell out those on the fringes, nurture discontent and loyalty in equal measure. And above all else, make sure they remember whose bed they’re in.

- Fianchetto

Something to be aware of during this phase of the operation, while you’re getting your plant the cred they need to be useful to you and yours; make sure they don’t go native on you. Corps offer a helluva lot of perks, and it wouldn’t be the first time a plant decided that steady pay, healthcare, and a retirement package beat out a runner’s lifestyle. If you’re not confident in their loyalty and determination, you’re already hosed. To that end, it’s common practice to offer the plant a larger cut than the rest of the team. Just a suggestion.



Months, or perhaps years, down the line when your plant has gotten enough pay bumps and boosts to their juice to ensure they’re where they need to be, it’s time to do what your team set out to do and get your hands on that special something. Heist time.

The plant needs to take the lead; it’s the whole reason you put in the work for this, to get the plant close to the target. Now’s the time for the plant to get their teeth out. There are multiple ways you can play this, from loud and proud, to quiet as a mouse. The plant can use their positioning within the corp to make the guns a-blazin’ approach hit right where it needs to, or they could use their clearances to get the team in and out clean as a whistle. It’s all going to boil down to you, the corp, and to the something you’re about to get your hands on.

I don’t need to outline what this means to you, runner—at least, I hope I don’t. If I do, you need to pick up stakes and go look for another get-rich scheme, because this one will get you zeroed. But I digress. This is the job you and the team have worked for however long to get this done, so don’t get tunnel vision. Your plant doesn’t make you invincible, they give you an edge. Use that edge wisely or you risk wasting all the hard work you’ve put in.

Once the job is done and you’ve got your something in-hand, it’s time to decide on how to get your plant out of the corp and back onto the team. There are a bunch of ways you could play this as well. Did you go in hot, laying waste to all corpsec that got in your way? Well, the plant is leaving with you and the team at the end of the heist. Maybe you took the careful approach, you snuck in using the plant’s security clearance and set it up to look like the team injured the plant in the process? Well now maybe you leave the plant behind, let them be your eyes and ears within the corp for a bit longer. Make sure you got away clean.

- Every corp, and I mean every one of them, has profiles on superficial wounds for a reason. Your team won’t be the first to think shooting your plant in the leg is a clever way of deceiving corpsec. It’s not. Make it look good, and I mean really good, if you want to have a chance at this.

- DangerSensei

- So, what you’re saying is that they should kill the plant? Or as near to it as they can? The risk associated with this is astronomical. What if corpsec doesn’t get there in time? They’re leaving the plant, your teammate, to die.

- ScarlettPlus

- What’s the alternative? They get caught, and corpsec puts them in the ground after torturing them for a while? This con is the big one. If you’re doing it, you’re not leaving anything on the table. The plant might be eating through a tube for the rest of their life, but they’ll be eating caviar through that tube on their own private beach.

- **>** Thorn

Once the plant is out, you’re almost home free. Almost. A million to one the corp ain’t just gonna let you walk into the sunset, they’re going to try and hit you the same way you hit them. All that time being embedded into the corp allowed your plant

to get in real close for the kill, but it also allowed CorpSec to compile data on them. It all depends on the corpsec in question mind you, but if you’re involved in a scheme like this one, it’s likely that you hit a corp with quite a bit of revenue. The plant is going to be hunted like the rat they are. And if the corpsec hunters have things like personality profiles, DNA, material links, and cyberware serial numbers, then there ain’t gonna be many places for your plant to hide. The plant needs to be protected, or disposed of, during this leg of the proverbial race.

You got all attached to the plant? Alright, it’s your neck. Make sure they’re hidden; I mean really hidden. They don’t leave the safehouse for a long while, and if they do you better make sure you invested in a prime dermasculpt surgery for ‘em. If you can, get them that surgery, get them ASIST, and get them gone. Preferably get them to a country outside of the target’s normal purview. You do this successfully for a couple years, you and your plant are home free. Alternatively, to this grand scheme of plant protection, you can just put some lead in their head after the job is done. Corp can’t track some bled-out meat from a street corner.

It’s up to you.

Once you’ve got the goods and washed your hands of the corpsec pursuers, the job is done. Congratulations, you’ve got enough nuyen to retire. Better find someplace nice to settle down, might want to think about changing your names and finding new friends too.
