---
id: SO-0158
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

The thing that really sells this con is not the item itself, but the packaging. The shinier the better. The mark needs to believe the box contains what it says it does. Buy the latest GameStation, keep the box and packaging, then stuff an old broken last-gen one, a brick, or even roofing tiles in there. Exchange said boxfor nuyen, then leg it. You’ll also need a good cover for why you’re selling stuff cheap. Luckily, these stories are as numerous as the stars. Dead family member, your store went out of business, you have no place to store the merchandise, Cousin Nico overbought and needs to move stuff quickly to make space; whatever. It doesn’t hurt to scour the newsfeeds for stories and events that you can use to make your pitch believable.

- Funny thing is, the most accepted Murphy approach is closest to the truth: You stole it, and you need to move it fast. Sell it on the street or from the back of a truck and it’s harder to trace back to you and you skip big fences and their percentages. I’ve seen this happen for real in Puyallup and it’s treated like a Tinker’s Fair. If the thief is legit, it’s like a food truck for bargains, a reverse rag and bone man. If they’re pulling a Murphy, tear them down and apart. Real community-building activity.

- Haze

- TJ wasn’t kidding earlier. The White Van Speakers variant sells broken gear as excess or stolen or store losses. Tell the mark your boss got too many in delivery and you’re selling them on the sly or go another route and say you’re the boss and you have to move product fast.

- Red
