---
id: SO-0329
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Game Information
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Information

The nanopaste disguise can be applied with a Major Action. Precision is not needed, as the nanopaste will quickly move to cover and conform to the user’s face. On its own, the nanopaste disguise can be preloaded with a single facial preset which determines the form that the mask takes when initially applied. If paired to a commlink running the NanoMask commlink app, fine adjustments can be made to the mask on-the-fly, or the entire mask can be changed at once by switching to a different stored preset. Activating a preset, either initially or changing to a new one, requires a Major Action.

The nanopaste disguise can change the facial features, including apparent skin color and facial hair, of an individual’s face. Note that it does not alter eye color, the voice, or any skin that is not part of the face.

By default, a nanopaste disguise runs with wireless mode deactivated. Wireless mode is only necessary when adjusting or uploading presets. Turning wireless mode off after the mask is dialed in prevents it from being detected or hacked. To change the mask, wireless can be re-enabled using the apporpriate app.

The primary benefit of the nanopaste disguise is the ability to change your face quickly, allowing for some disguise and impersonation attempts that would otherwise be impossible or much more difficult, at the least. It also provides a bonus point of Edge on Con (Disguise) or Con (Impersonation) tests. This Edge may be spent on the test or saved for later use.
