---
id: SO-0142
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

It’s important that I distinguish something up front: You’re not just selling a credit duper. It’s a perfectly acceptable MacGuffin, but it could be anything that offers some kind of insane influence or power. Maybe instead of making money it is an unlimited codebreaker, the key to some Akashic Library of knowledge, the best damn account on an online game, a foolproof sex pheromone, or maybe it destroys those things. Magic breakers, credit-erasers, memory wipers … whatever it is, it’s determined by function toward their desires. You’re not selling a thing; you’re selling a cure. The cure to what? Whatever they want. You’re selling the means to succeed.

The first thing you need is a mark, rather than a MacGuffin. The mark determines what this miracle device does. Rich people might not need a money printer, but they might need information through a master key breaker, or they want a bound spirit’s true name. You need to know what they want so you can supply it.

Second, your MacGuffin has to have demonstrable ability. Anyone who buys product sight unseen got cleaned out long before you showed up. You’ll have to show them your nuyen-maker actually puts cred into an account, and that the cred spends. This can be as simple as transferring from your mystery account into theirs and letting them make some purchase. It’s an investment, but if it works they’re going to pay you far more to make up for it. The better the demonstration, the better you’ll net them. Of course, this can get a whole lot darker if it’s not just cash. Fake magic is one thing, and sex pheromones are going to be an entire secondary op (and probably a gross one), but if you’re selling, oh, metatype-selective bioweapons, they’ll be better persuaded by a live demonstration of a dead meta than pictures of the results.

The point is that the real work of the con, as with so many others, is in the sale. The MacGuffin usually doesn’t do anything, it’s all the chicanery around it and the behind-the-scenes work. They have to believe all that hard work is as simple as the push of a button, and then you sell them the button.
