---
id: SO-0007
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Playing the Part
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Playing the Part

No disrespect to Buckshot, but I’m gonna gush over Diva a bit to illustrate a key role some faces can play, specifically infiltration via social means. Now, watching Diva work was always a joy. With enough prep, she could take on nearly any role. She’d say the trick was about building the character that she was going to play, whether it was someone she made up or impersonating a specific person. This meant coming up with not only the right disguise, but also learning exactly how that person would think or react.

Impersonating a real person is much more difficult. Fictional characters are blank slates with almost limitless possibilities, while real people have their own idiosyncrasies—not to mention that they are known quantities to other people. Habits, interests, and thinking patterns are all things that need to be studied and replicated to interact with anyone who has personal knowledge of the target. Still, impersonating a real person means having a better chance of gaining the desired access or information. For example, pretending to be the director of R&D from the corporate office has a good chance of getting you access to research reports. Impersonating a gang lieutenant from a different sprawl could get you access to the hangout for one of the local chapters.

- I’m often asked how I get info on a target I’m going to impersonate. It depends on how public that person’s been and usually starts with collecting as much trid content as I can find on them, which means hitting social media. Next, I find people who have first-hand experience with the mark. The final step is finding a way to interact with the target. While learning all their tics, both verbal and physical, I’m learning about the details of their life. It’s fragging time-intensive.
