---
id: SO-0046
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Greed
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Greed

You’ve already seen echoes of Greed in Gluttony. Really, you’ve seen it in all of them so far, because they’re all about acquisition. Greed differentiates itself in that it seeks to accumulate for the sake of power. While Gluttony is about the feeling of excess or security, and Lust is about sating immediate need, Greed operates in the fantasy of what the mark would do with what they gain. If you were a billionaire, what would you spend it on? If you had limitless magical or economic or political power, how would you wield it? Sure, you’d be safe, but you’d also be respected, feared, or admired. Who would dare to cross you? And you could change the world with your power.

- Ah, but what draconian **waste** to merely horde things …

- **>** Wordsmyth

- I consider your collections, young one. I am unimpressed with your hypocrisy.

- Orange Queen

- All things in their proper time, **your majesty** .

- Wordsmyth

- Then you understand us better than you claim. It’s almost unfortunate.

- Orange Queen

- There are giants in this playground.

- Puck



The difference with Greed is the sheer scale. What counts as ambitious to the go-gang leader is petty to the corporate middle manager, and that’s rather small to the political operator, corporate or otherwise. Greed responds to opportunity, just like the rest, and you must be the one who baits the trap with the advancement of their personal fortune in the way they want it. Find the thing they want more than anything, present the avenue to attain it, and make yourself essential in gaining it. Play it right, and they’ll see you as an asset—the key that opens the door to what they desire. Much like the fear-driven Glutton, they’ll give you access to make their dreams come true. I personally believe most Salting cons are based around Greedy marks, with a few exceptions. The difference for you is in the approach; play to their ambitions. Understand their dream and put it within reach, then lean on them with a limited time opportunity—pressure them to think with their Greed and not with the reason and caution that comes with patience. This can be done with environmental factors (expiring clauses, leases, etc.) or rivals (“There are other parties moving on this right now”) that force their hand.

- The best thing you can do with a Greed play is to make sure they’re exposed and de-powered by the time you exit the scene. If you’ve drained their coffers, make sure it’s so bad they can’t hire anyone to come after you. If you take their paydata, make sure it’s got dirt on them, too. If you raid their arms stockpile, don’t leave the bullet they’d shoot you with.

- Thorn

- Better yet, discredit them. The greedy usually report to someone else, someone they want to surpass. Set them up to answer for their fuckup to the same superior they wanted to overthrow, and they won’t be anyone’s problem for long. Even better, that same higher-up will be so focused on them you’ll have more time to make your escape and cover your tracks.

- Fianchetto

- I’m sure I don’t have to tell you this, but don’t make the mistake of thinking that making the mark your patsy will take you off their boss’ radar completely, especially if what you took compromises **them** . Being a loose end is a bad spot for anyone, let alone a SINless street merc.

- Kay St. Irregular
