---
id: SO-0033
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Optional Rule: Simplified Heist Pool'
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Optional Rule: Simplified Heist Pool

The intention of the Heist Pool is to make sure each player contributes to the planning stage with their character’s expertise, but this can sometimes feel like too much bookkeeping. Instead of keeping track of the designation for the types of points earned, simply keep a total maximum number of points that can and have been accumulated.

knew they were near a supply closet that happened to be unlocked. I’m sure someone will find them in a few hours.

- **Green apple quick steps.** Nothing like a little food poisoning or an extra helping of laxative to make sure the guard rotation is completely fragged. Just make sure you don’t go anywhere near the bathroom tonight.

- **Create a well-placed distraction.** It was a good thing you bought the neighborhood kids the biggest fireworks kit you could find. Also hiring the go-gang to rip through the employee parking lot was a stroke of genius.

- **Plant equipment.** You needed a gun onsite but didn’t want to run it through the MAD scanner. Luckily the vending machine guy was able to sneak your piece in. Just make sure you get the Azzie Thirst Slayer. He also happened to leave you a crowbar at the loading dock near the pallet of cola cases.

- **Identify exploitable weakness in an employee.** You see Tony working away in his cubicle with a clear view of the lab you need to get into. Lucky for you, you know he gets nauseated when someone microwaves fish. Time to clear out the cube farm.

- **Remove or destroy biometric evidence.** No matter how careful you are, there’s always some evidence you’re leaving behind. Maybe it’s DNA from an eyelash or a fingerprint on the light pole in the parking lot. But you’ve got someone on the inside who can take care of that for you and do a real deep cleaning.

- **Lower Heat Modifier.** That little heads-up to the guards, along with some hard-to-get reservation at the hottest new restaurant helped them forget. Or maybe it was that quick chat with the detective where you told him that you’d be glad to do him a favor. Either way, there seems to be a bit less pressure on you from the security folks.
