---
id: SO-0184
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Building That Trust
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Building That Trust

I talked about how you can start out in a new city or even your new career, but I want to talk about the currency that truly makes the shadows run. And surprisingly, it isn’t nuyen.

I’m talking about favors.

Let’s take a simple scenario: Your fixer has been really good to you. They’ve been able to get you guns and a safe space at the last minute with no questions asked. By now you probably owe them a few solid favors. At some point, you’re approached by a third party who wants to hire you for a run against your fixer, or maybe they want to buy some information about them. Do you do it? Not even for a whole lot of nuyen? Do you owe them anything? And is stabbing them in the back going to make it harder for you to sleep at night? Or are you someone who doesn’t care?

Or is biz, just biz?

Now imagine the same scenario, but with someone you don’t feel like you owe anything to. At that point, it’s just a normal job. Whether it’s someone you know or just some new target Mr. Johnson pointed you at, there’s a lot less holding you back.

In the shadows, we don’t have the luxury to simply trust someone until they screw us over. Instead, we must start from a position of bounded trust. For example, more than a few times I’ve bought equipment that’s in the grey area of legality from a weapons smuggler just to get a rough idea of whether I should trust them more. Trust is all about time. Whether it’s time for them to screw you over, or time for you to see what they’re all about is what needs to be determined.

I wish I could tell you there’s some shortcut to make this easier. What I can tell you is that finding ways to trade favors is difficult because that means putting yourself in a position where you could be screwed over. Though, this will happen even if you don’t try. The question is whether something nasty will happen before that.



There are a bunch of different ways to test this. First, try a few small transactions. Maybe it’s a box of illegal ammo, or you call them up asking about some research you’re doing for a run. Second, build some trust outside of a run. When you’re on a job, the amount of risk you’re taking on is high. But during downtime, when the bullets and mojo aren’t flying, that’s the time to build a rapport.

Still, putting yourself in a position of risk is tough. Every time you ask for information or buy something illegal through a contact, you’re opening yourself up to a potential situation where that could be used against you. And when they don’t screw you over, you trust them a little more. But when something bad inevitably happens, you’ll need to track down who sold you out, which means finding out who knows what. That’s hard to do, though, if you aren’t dealing with contacts, not to mention there’s no way to reestablish trust.

- Sometimes, there are contacts who deserve to stay buried. Literally and metaphorically.

- Thorn

You also need to give a contact a reason to trust you. That means not screwing them over either. It means answering the comm when they call you up, maybe tossing them a freebie every so often. And please don’t leave the safehouse a mess when you leave. I really am sorry for that, Azart. We had to get out of there fast, and it was … messy.

What you really don’t want to do is bring heat on any of your contacts. That just leaves them feeling burned. And when you do need help while you’re being hunted? Keep in mind that it’s a huge risk, and there’s a real chance that either the law or whoever is tracking you will hunt down your contacts and make their lives miserable to get at you. And if your contact doesn’t have a reason to cover for you, why wouldn’t they give you up? Think about possible exposure when you call a contact for help.
