---
id: SO-0187
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: The New Shadowland BBS
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The New Shadowland BBS

Back in 2081, a few enterprising deckers and technomancers decided they wanted to do something a little different and launched a host which allows members of our community to submit reviews and data about the people that they’ve worked with. These reviews are anonymous, and no two people searching the data ever get the exact same review back. Instead, they developed algorithms to mine out the zeitgeist of all the reviews to tell a more generic story about a subject.

as it’s nothing too high-end. Expect any meet to include food and jazz, and there are no reports of him stiffing the team with the bill. There is a seventy percent rating on providing sufficient information, and a thirty-two percent rating on payment matching the work. No reported issues of betrayal. Quality of gear is good, but information tends to be related to shadow topics or jazz, with little coverage beyond that.”

“Jobs aren’t usually corporate sponsored. He tends to hire teams for repeat business, with less than ten percent working with him for only a single job. Most teams believed the work came primarily from a couple of the local mafia families, but not exclusively. He’s been seen working with Jolene Price.”

- Why is it that people always search for themselves first?

- Kane

- Don’t lie, you’d do it too.

- Why name it Shadowland BBS? There’s history there, and this just feels like a way to make a cheap nuyen off that legacy.

- **>** Pistons

- I get it. And the intention wasn’t to cheapen anything. We went to set up the host, and we … found it with its name already. It felt like it was meant to be. But the way I see it, we aren’t cheapening the legacy, instead we’re looking to help out beginners. If we charge a little nuyen, it’s really about host upkeep.

- T3chK1d

- You didn’t go with a framework host? You have a route to the foundation. That seems unwise.

- Clockwork

- It’s cost-effective right now. Maybe if this continues to do well, we can afford to move into a framework host. But honestly, they are a lot more expensive for the processing power we need.

- **>** T3chK1d

- *sigh* They never learn.

- Puck

When I heard about this host, I had some serious reservations. Why would I take the time to write a review? What are people saying about me? Is it full of lies? But let me tell you, chummer, it’s totally worth it and valuable.

Let’s start with what it says about you. Now, I’m a stand-up guy. I’ve organized a few runs. I’ve picked up gear for other runners. I’ve tracked down paydata for folks. Plus, I’ve occasionally found myself on a run or two. So, what did a query on Lanyap from New Orleans turn up?

“As a semi-retired runner turned fixer, and occasional Mr. Johnson, Lanyap is a bit of a jackof-all-trades. He’s decent at acquiring gear, as long

- /dev/grrl

- Jolene Price? Doesn’t she work for Terasca? Seems that Lanyap is making a deal with a dragon.

- Frosty

- She’s been working broadly across New Orleans. It wouldn’t surprise me if Terasca’s name came up when you searched for anyone in the area.

- Lav

That’s with the basic tier of service, and to be honest, I don’t think that’s too bad of a story for me. Just for fun, I queried someone I knew had screwed over runners in the New Orleans area just to make sure the service was useful. This particular talismonger was known to sell corrupted reagents that would fail at best or cause a magical backlash at worst.

“Nearly all reviews for Stardust recommend staying away. They have a ninety-seven percent disapproval rating and are all related to magical gear. The most common words used to describe the target were: shoddy, unreliable, fails, cheap. The individual is also known to hire teams to acquire reagents or other magical goods. The general rating shows a fifteen percent positive score rating. Primary words used to describe these jobs were: swamp, prompt payment, poor compensation, stingy, and unreasonable timetables.”

“The individual has been seen meeting with members of the Zobop. It is unclear whether the jobs or gear are coming through that connection. The number of shadowrunner deaths when working for the individual is high when compared to similar Mr. Johnsons in the area. Their total team death rates are above the average.”

This all tracks with what I know first-hand. But as you can see, the information is pretty cut-anddry. It looks like they hide away any of the details



of specific reviews. While I appreciate anonymity, I’d like a little more detail to make my decision as to whether the service is worth it.

- Look, maybe it’s not you, but we’ve had over three million reviews which only say some variation of ‘Clockwork is a technomancer-hating scum who even hates Taco Temple.’

- T3chK1d

- They do get more detailed at the higher membership levels. We were really aiming to make sure each tier had worthwhile information, and that we could guarantee your privacy. The only real way to do that is to heavily scrub the information, which is why it can feel a bit sterile. But looking at my higherlevel membership, I can also tell you exactly which bourbon is Lanyap’s favorite and that if he gets a gin and tonic, it’s because he’s about to give you bad news.

- T3chK1d

  - You’ve got to be kidding me. You fraggin’ man-child, drekhead.

  - **>** Clockwork

  - I swear it wasn’t me. Have you checked with Plan 9, Plan 10, or Netcat? I know they would absolutely do something like that.

  - Slamm-0!

  - No comment.

  - Plan 9

- How many people have tried to hack your host? There’s too much juicy paydata in that pile to not try and get details on runs or who’s submitting bad paydata.

  - Why are you pointing at me? Absolutely not me.

  - Plan 10

- Electric Blue

- Sure. There’ve been more than a few who’ve tried, but we’ve got an incredible support staff. Plus, there’s the fact that we don’t delete any data at all, and we get a frag-load of fake submissions. By the time someone can start pulling down the good stuff, they’re already identified and flagged for a personal conversation. The real value comes from our ability to sift through all of it so we can give you the right information. Your persona is never tied to a review. We assign you a token on signup and your token ID is all that’s ever recorded about you.

- **>** T3chK1d
