---
id: SO-0103
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Obstacles
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Obstacles

The biggest obstacle is also the reason this con exists: People don’t want to invite strangers into their home, especially in the age of thrill-kill gangs, serial killers, shadowrunners, and other boogeymen. Beyond that, plausibility changes depending on the neighborhood (and the prosperity of those who tend to occupy it).

Platinum (AAA), Gold (AA), and Silver (A) zones have some gullible people living in them, but that’s only because they have the best security defending them. They can literally afford to relax in a way no one else can. So you’re going to have an easier time with a soft sell like the Hot Day or even Missionaries, where a Handyman isn’t needed, and Census Takers and Shellshockers are going to have to contend with the local security. After all, if you were rich and charitable (and found a unicorn along the way while you’re at it) and someone said they’ve been shot or robbed or are passing out, you’re not going to invite them in, you’re going to slap the panic button and first responders will be there within thirty seconds.

- It’s been proven that the base level of cortisol produced by metahumans correlates with their ability to feel safe where they are, meaning on a biochemical level someone in a Trip-A Zone is healthier, while the same paranoia that keeps a Barrens kid alive is slowly killing them.

- Monte Cristo

**>** Money is the root of all evil.

- Chainmaker

- Money is the bullet; evil is the gun.

- Riot

- Stay on target.

- Glitch

Bronze (B) Zones are more likely to include industrial and commercial structures, but there’s a little bit of the close-to-work crowd and the trendy warehouse-loft set. You’re going to see a little mix of everything, which ironically means you can’t take as much for granted. Observation can take care of that. Adapt to the mark and make the play that fits.

Copper (C) and Blue (D) Zones are still largely filled with legal entities, but the security somewhat represents their expendable nature. This is where street survival starts taking effect, meaning their self-preservation paranoia holds more weight and they start any unknown encounter with doubt. I’d reckon anything depending on charity is out, so Shellshockers are just trouble they can’t afford. Missionaries might sell some hope, Hot Days … yeah, right. Handymen might be more appealing since they almost certainly could use a lucky break, but they’re also more likely to keep a tight eye on you if they let you in at all. Census and



Badges might be your best play, since these people still have something to lose, and you have all the authority to take it away with impunity.

- It’s a sad state of affairs that the Badge isn’t just a con. If anything, you’re doing what far too many cops do anyway.

- **>** X-Star

- Meaning even when they realize they’ve been taken down the line, they still might blame the fuzz. Nice.

- Carbon Score

White (E) Zones are where the squatters play, and it’s much less likely to see cops or SINs of any kind. You might just do better here with blunt force, but sometimes there’s some syndicate or protection rackets you don’t want to slot off or a low-profile still works out better for you. Census and Badge could be a flex but might also get you rolled. Honestly, most of them might just mug you, since the point of the Invitation is appearing harmless, and harmless people tend to get turned into mulch in the barrens.

- You’re not giving nearly enough credit to the sprawl or the SINless. Many of them hold together through community and even charity.

- Riot

- I was born SINless to shadowrunners. Believe me, I know a thing or two about Sprawl charity and survival. And for what it’s worth, I don’t think these stunts should be pulled on people with so little to give. Still, if it was all roses and camaraderie, they wouldn’t be so paranoid about each other, and every go-gang would be modern-day Robin Hoods.

- Slamm-0!

- The real obstacle for you, regardless of zone rating, is you’d have to leave the house.

- Red

- We went out last Tuesday.

- Slamm-0!

- I’m surprised you remember that, given I had to drag your drunk carcass home again.

- Red

- Thank you, again. I hope you don’t mind that we didn’t invite you in.

- Netcat

- Ah. Now I get where the name came from.

- Red

- Don’t sweat it, man. She’ll come around.

- Slamm-0!
