---
id: SO-0402
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Cherry Blade - By Jay Erickson
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cherry Blade

## By Jay Erickson

“You have the wizzest job tonight.”

The young ork Halloweener guarding the car wash entrance grunted at her, but it was obvious he was mesmerized by her attention. With a subtle, well-practiced turn, her dark eyes turned to liquid pools of honey in the firelight. Black locks cascaded down, framing her candy-skull painted face like an obsidian curtain. Her glassy eyes gazed opaquely at him, strangely inviting from within those long, rich tresses. The Horizon Bottled Sunshine microbrew tilted in her loose grip, like she was going to drop it, or worse, spill it.

“You must have the Rager’s deepest trust, if he’s letting you protect the prize,” she cooed.

His reply was a leering stare–Spynner knew she had him.

Charisma is such an abstract concept in the Sixth World now. In an age of transhumanism, pheromone replacement, and the ease of body modification, the lines of attraction have become so very muddled. Most assume that the role of a face is to be the “pretty” one. They can bat their eyelashes and lure any attracted to them to do anything they want. All it takes to succeed is swaying hips or pouty lips. Sex may sell, but the right words are as powerful as orichalcum.

It took a moment for the ganger to find his voice. “Jeeper-Creep ain’t got no love for me. Otherwise, I’d be out there.” He nodded toward the rest of the Halloweeners squatting in the derelict car wash’s open bays, celebrating their “win” with blazing rings of fire.

Spynner grinned inwardly. This was it, the Rager in charge. Seconds later, Prnc3ss, her gnome decker, came back with the paydata via Spynner’s smartcontacts. “Jeeper-Creep: Human. Part of the original guard of Weeners, one of the few to survive the gang war against the Ancients. Firm believer in the old ways. Awakened: No. Cyberware: Likely. Known to fear Absinthe, second-in-command.”

Spynner took mental note but maintained her charade. “So-ka, chummer. I think Jeeper-Creep sees the potential in you, whole trial by fire thing.” Her hair billowed like a black flag as she motioned to the gang initiation taking place only a handful of meters away. “He’s hard on you because he sees promise. I see it, too.”

The ork licked his lips around yellowed tusks. “Ya think?”

She nodded. “Chip truth, omae. You got this. One day I hope to be where you’re at. I’m not even high enough to lay eyes on the prize. You, you’re guarding it. Primo stuff, chum.”

She reached out, tapping his shoulder lightly, and staggered back as if she were pushing against a wall. The ork let out a tusky grin. “Yeah … maybe you’re right.”


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

He had no clue how deep he’d gone into the web. “Listen,” she said suddenly, “I’m gonna bounce. Maybe I can catch a BTL of the snatch. I hear it’s sweet.”

“You ain’t seen it?” the sentry asked, his voice thick with desperation.

Spynner turned to leave, then looked back at the Halloweener. “No, just heard it was a major win, snatched from an Aztechnology wage mage or something. They always have the wizzest drek.”

He was nodding. Spynner could see him mentally processing on how to leverage this knowledge to his advantage, but he only fell deeper. The more he looked, the more he drank in her lithe body wrapped in tight orange and black synthleathers, her caramel Nepali skin, and smoky eyes that radiated promise.

Eventually, he nodded his painted head toward the garage’s side entrance. “I can give a quick peek, but, uh … just a peek.” Spynner’s smile was pearlescent. “And maybe later …”

She laughed and laid her hand against his chest. “You got prets, omae. Let’s see the goods, and we’ll see how much I reward you.”

The Halloweener couldn’t open the side entrance fast enough.

The fires from the initiation lit everything in a strange, orange cast, the hulking forms of spiral brushes and long pipes jutting from the darkened corners like the gnarled maw of a monster. At the center of the ancient car wash tunnel, she could just make out the silhouette of a Bentley.

“See it?” Anticipation poured from the young ork in hot waves.

“Not clearly.”

A dissatisfied grunt formed in his throat followed by, “All right, get closer.”

“Wiz.”

The ganger was there with her now but kept his hand on the door. He was so focused on Spynner that he didn’t notice her partner creep up from behind. In an instant, blue current stabbed through darkness as Hatari rammed a stun baton into the ganger’s exposed flesh. The fight poured out of the Halloweener in a harsh wheeze as he slumped to the ground in a pool of Spynner’s dumped microbrew.

Hatari glanced up. “Slick work, Greenie. Now stand as sentry so the Weeners don’t get suspicious. Prnc3ss confirmed our target is still in the Bentley. I’ll find a way into that ride.” Straightening his Seattle Screamers ball cap on top of a coif of curly blonde hair, the big ork ‘runner dusted his orange and black leathers off then left the door slightly open.

This was the hardest part for her. She tried to look indifferent, but it was all so new. Excitement coursed through her veins, and she wanted to take it all in. But she knew nothing screamed “out of place” like wide, roaming eyes and a hyper-alert posture, even for a guard.

She needed calm. She needed Grandmother.

The thought of her mentor spirit summoned an elderly Native American voice in her mind. Except, her words did not exude tranquility, but warning: SomeCHERRYthing has happened inside. Something has disrupted the astral space.

Grandmother was always knowledgeable, prescient even. Then, Prnc3ss was in her commlink. “Hatari is offline. I lost visual.”

Spynner stifled the urge to throw open the door and charge inside. Instead, as calmly as she could, she took one last cold read of the blazing party of Halloweeners– no one paid her any mind. Content that her presence wouldn’t be noticed immediately, she opened the door...

Into a scorching wall of fire.

Terror washed over her. Reflexively, Spynner thrust her hand in her pocket and wrapped her fingers around a small golden coin of Sacagawea. Grandmother’s voice was a reassuring calm in the blaze. As a shaman, Spynner took solace in her mentor spirit’s words.

“Prin,” she said, “what the frag happened?” “I don’t know. One minute, Hatari breached the Bently’s security and said he found our objective in some sort of box. Next thing I know, he’s gone.”

A ring of fire roiled inside the tunnel, illuminating the emerald Bentley within. Hunkered down on the passenger side of the vehicle was her ork companion. Hatari’s eyes were lost in a swirl of madness.

“Gone? Prin, this entire tunnel is on fire and Hatari’s slumped over on the side of the car.”

“I don’t see any of that. No eyes on the garage, except a camera on the north end.”

Spynner squinted through the flames. Trid Phantasm. The words floated into her mind.

A spell? Was someone Awakened in the Halloweeners? Intel said no. She cast a glance up the wall at the darkened, filthy glass where she knew Jeeper-Creep to be. Were they stalling? That wasn’t a Halloweener tactic. Hell, they didn’t even have “stall” in their vocabulary.

Wait. Spynner’s dark eyes fell back upon the sedan and the Aztechnology logo on the door.

“Prin, find out who else is tracking the Bentley.”

“Huh? Right, let me … I’m detecting a wireless signal coming from the box, looks like a beacon. Wait, signal’s been received by an inbound helo registered to a … frag me, an Aztechnology shell corp. Not good. Spyn, they know where the Bentley is. You have to secure the object now. Look for a knife, codenamed Cherry Blade. It’s in the wooden box.”

Nothing but a sheet of molten fire stood between her and the Bentley now. Wood in a blazing inferno? Not good odds. But how was this spell possible? New to the magic game, she relied mostly on her mentor spirit, but she knew enough. Either there was a mage astrally projecting, or …

Cursed.

Of course! And if the curse on digital technology was Trid Phantasm, she looked at Hatari and his lost expression … Was it all an illusion?

Good. Dispel it.

Taking a deep breath, she held out her hand. Spynner watched it ignite, blackening and charring her brown flesh as searing pain coursed through her. “It’s not real. It’s not real.” The words slipped through her teeth in a hiss.

And it wasn’t. Though it certainly felt like her hand was melting to a nub, she willed the effect away, banishing the Phantasm. As the flames disappeared, she ran to the unscathed Hatari, shaking the slab of ork from his stupor.

And then suddenly, inexplicably, she was staring at a box on the Bentley’s front seat. Just a small thing with a strange man wearing a large, feathered mask handcarved on its lid. It whispered to her.

Her delicate fingers extended to trace the etching … No! The voice of Grandmother dominated her psyche. Spynner recoiled, everything coming back into focus. Too close.

“The box–don’t touch it!” Hatari said.

“Yeah, thanks, already figured that one out.” “It’s a ceremonial puzzle box. We have to carry it.” Spynner shook her head. “No good, Azzies are tracking it.”

“Then we crack it,” he replied through tense jaws.

“Yes …” an unknown voice boomed throughout the narrow tunnel. Feedback screeched from speakers she couldn’t see. Spynner looked up in dismay as the darkened glass polarized and a tall Halloweener with a monstrous visage inked across his lean face glared down at them, Molotov cocktail in hand. “I would very much like to know what’s in the box myself.”

Now, the fire was real. Intense heat washed over the duo as liquid death splashed around them, accompanied by cackling laughter. Spynner knew they were surrounded.

“What are we gonna do?” Hatari murmured, reaching for his Ruger Redhawk revolver.

Weave, Grandmother answered, but only in her ear. You must weave. Spynner looked to the network of hoses and sprinklers, a scheme forming in her mind. She turned and looked down at Hatari and asked, “Can you do it? Open the box?”

Hatari opened his mouth to retort, then simply nodded.

Satisfied, Spynner called Prnc3ss. “Prin, can you remotely access the water systems?”

“Yeah, why?”

“Can you route it to the car wash tunnel?”

“Oi! Yes!”

“Wait–what are you going to do, Greenie?” Hatari interjected. But Spynner didn’t answer. Instead, she spun around and, fearless, hopped up onto the Bentley waving her arms in the air toward the Rager above.

And oh, the glare–the gaunt-faced, skull-painted Jeeper-Creep was not amused. He fixed her with his hard eyes, the eyes of a killer, but said nothing.

Planting her hands on her hips, confidence fueled by a subtle spell from Grandmother, her voice boomed over the echoing flames. “Well, that took long enough!”

His righteous rage shifted to confusion, and Spynner pounced upon it. “What did you think we were? Some street trash come to nick your gains? This is clearly a test.”

Jeeper-Creep responded merely by folding his gangly arms over his thin chest, his indecision far clearer than he realized.

“Beginning water transfer. These systems are ancient.” Prnc3ss chirped in her ear.

Spynner kept talking, hoping Prnc3ss’s earlier intel was solid. “You think you’re gonna clep from the Azzies and Absinthe isn’t gonna catch the buzz? He ain’t gonna just sit idle on this data. He’s gonna want to know if they’re ‘crete.”

“I was gonna report in,” Jeeper-Creep returned, his voice lacking its previous bluster. “We was just having a row.”



“Yeah sure, and you’re just sitting idle on an Azzie ride like this?” She shook her head in shame. “Shoulda been the first thing ya did.”

“Yeah? And just who are you?”

“Don’t be a brick, Jeeper. I’m the devil on the shoulder that whispers into Absinthe’s ear, the one reports back if ya ain’t fit for the tasking.” As the nuance of worry etched itself across Jeeper-Creep’s face, she pressed further. “Absinthe is smart–he knows Aztechnology, how they put trinkets in all their special rides. You know how that Corp operates. If what’s in the box is what it’s supposed to be, this ain’t gonna be a good look for you, chummer.”

Suddenly, a glimmer of confidence danced in those malicious eyes. She’d overplayed … damn it. “Oh, and who’s gonna decide? You? We caught you.”

“Caught me? Look how far I got! I was all but stomping around this camp!”

Spynner tried to ignore how blisteringly hot it was. Sweat matted her hair and ran in rivulets down her face. She couldn’t help but notice the lake of fire creeping dreadfully close to the Bentley, igniting dry mops and ancient hoses. Still, she remained in charge, willing the fire to mean nothing to her while Jeeper-Creep edged closer into her web.

Another chirp in her ear diverted her attention. “Head’s up, Spynner,” Prnc3ss said, “Aztechnology is sixty seconds out, and I’ve got water to the car wash. You should begin to notice … now.” Spynner directed her gaze to the metal sprinklers starting to dripple rustred sap. “Another fifteen seconds and I’ll have the automated controls. What’s the status, Hatari?”

“Personally, I’m more of a ‘shoot first’ guy,” the ork said flippantly. “But I’ve almost got it now that I know what I’m looking at … the whole about to burn alive thing is a bit distracting, though.”

Spynner focused all of her energy on Jeeper-Creep, pushing down the mounting fears that blazing fires and Azzie death squads could bring. “How are you gonna play this out, Jeeper? Contact Absinthe while his go-togal burns in one of your little lukewarm piss puddles? Maybe he’ll retaliate. Or maybe you should recognize that you’re in front of someone who has the power to make you look quite… impressive to the right people.”

“Why? You already said we barely caught you.”

She held up a finger. “But you did catch me. This shows me, and by extension, Absinthe, that you are not a complete waste of meat.” Jeeper-Creep’s eyes only narrowed into a beady squint, so she pressed on. “Absinthe wants to respect you. I’m not above a little reciprocity. The point of this test was to catch me, and you succeeded. Now, what if I said you found the box …”

The wheels spinning in his head were all but smoking as he struggled to keep up with her line of reasoning. Or maybe it was just the use of “reciprocity.” Meanwhile, the decades-old cruor finally oozed its last from the hoses, and yellow liquid spurted out, hissing against the blaze.

Hatari cut in. “I have it! I have the Cherry Blade! It’s … kinda small.”

“Spynner,” Princ3ss piped up, “three meters in front of you is a maintenance access. Do you see it?”

Her eyes fell to a rusted rectangular cover, dilapidated and worn. “I see it.”

“When I give the signal, you and Hatari make for it, copy?

“Copy.”

Spynner looked up to Jeeper-Creep, a simple mind with simple desires. Luckily, this little round-robin of deception had run its course. With Prnc3ss counting down in her ear, she narrowed her eyes. “Time’s up,” she said, just as Jeeper-Creep’s outrage dissolved behind a cloud of steam and bubbles.

Old soap clung to her synthleathers like tacky cotton candy as she slid off the Bentley and met Hatari before the maintenance cover. There was no way they could open it by hand, but Hatari had the answer–a wonderbar. He slid the slim metal into a rusty nook and with a groan and a mighty flex of his muscles, decades of oxidation gave. Apparently, rust resistance had an expiration date. The panel snapped open, revealing a crawlspace fast filling with water.

In the background over the PA, she could hear Jeeper-Creep screaming orders at the Halloweeners. Then, another explosion rocked her back on her heels, a hiss of boiling hot steam washing over her. Jeeper-Creep’s Molotov cocktail painted the Bentley in golden fire.

Spynner was now completely surrounded in angry, sputtering flames intent on roasting her alive. Yet, being cooked wasn’t nearly as terrifying as the sound she began to hear from above: rotor blades.

Aztechnology was here.

Spynner dove into the crawlspace, Hatari fast behind her as a staccato of gunfire rained from above. They crawled through foul offal and metahuman waste until the screams of the Halloweeners finally died.

Eventually, Hatari stopped and reached for what they’d come here for in the first place. The Cherry Blade sat firm in his meaty hand, a double-edged obsidian beauty, stained bright red, with a lanceolate figure as a hilt.

That is a tecpatl, Grandmother whispered into her mind. It reeks of blood sacrifice. Mask it or Aztechnology will track us.

Spynner understood. With Grandmother’s guidance she was confident she’d be able to do as the Spirit of Spiders bade her.

“You did good there, Greenie–very smooth for a first run.” Hatari said with admiration. Through the gloom she could see his tusky grin amidst half-washed jack-olantern face paint. “Most woulda broke character the moment the job got fragged. Me, I woulda let lead fly, and that woulda scrapped us for sure. I think your old man would be proud.”

The mention of her father sent a pang of regret through her heart. Last chance ,Spynner. Are you sure this is what you want? Those were the final words her father’s Fixer said that put her on this path, running the shadows. Her father was a legend in the sprawl, a true veteran. But he didn’t want this life for her.

And yet, it called her. From the moment she discovered the Sacagawea coin among her father’s things, from the moment she first spoke with Grandmother … The veil of ignorance was lifted, now a gossamer web of promises.

She needed to see more; be more. My little spider.

Grandmother alleviated Spynner’s regret. She always did.
