---
id: SO-0147
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

This con is going to require planning and a small investment. It could be blank slap patches, a pill press, athletic braces, or simple multivitamins. It all depends on your poison of choice, as it were. So the first thing is to determine what effect you’re trying to sell. And let me warn you in advance, keep it simple and specific. No one is going to buy a drug that cures cancer, relieves your sciatica pain, and gives you minty fresh breath. But a pill that boosts your immune system after an overdose or a knee support that offers better arthritis relief? That’s something folk will believe. And if they believe, they’ll buy.

On to the product itself. My recommendation is to make it cheap but non-lethal. Give it a kick to get the placebo effect to activate. Try cutting some over-the-counter anti-inflammatory slap patches with a bit of capsaicin to make the area tingle. Or add some innocuous herbs to a multivitamin that adds a unique odor. Use another language for super common ingredients to make it sound foreign and exotic. These all can aid in tricking the brain. The mark effectively pulls the wool over their own eyes. Now if this is more of a fly-by-night operation and you never plan to be there again, feel free to step it up. Gelcaps with nothing but sugar water anddye? Street drugs you want to get rid of? Tinctures of clover, toenails, and deepweed dregs? Go ahead and use them. You’ll be able to turn a profit, but only once. You’ll have a lot of angry marks at the end of the day, and they’ll all be gunning for you.

- The placebo effect might be tapping into latent technomancer or magical potential. Might be worth some research if you’re so inclined.

- Haze

- Well, there have been real medical studies that show the efficacy of the placebo effect.

- ScarlettPlus

Now to find the willing masses. And you know the old adage, everything and anything can be found on the Matrix. You can set up a simple site for order placement and delivery. If you’re feeling fancy, you can set up a “free private consultation with our licensed teledoc” as an option. Helps if you’ve got some medical expertise or can fake it. Medical autosofts would be a good investment if you’ve got a silver tongue but can’t tell your cranium from your sphincter. Heck, even old-school pounding the pavement may be an option. Have someone go around asking some local shops if they carry the product. Make sure people hear them ask about it. Put a plant at support groups and rehab centers. If you’ve got a street doc friend, see if they’ll recommend it for a cut of the profits.

- Be careful not to poison the well, as it were. You have to drink there too. So don’t drek where you sleep.

- The Smiling Bandit
