---
id: SO-0409
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Professional Note 04: Distraction and Seduction'
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Professional Note 04: Distraction and Seduction

The above situation highlights two distinct tools in the face’s toolbox.

First is the art of distraction. This is a situation where two faces worked in concert to achieve a goal: to obtain the necessary security badge for the next phase of the operation. The first face, Belle, used her charms, charisma, and physical contact to distract the good Doctor Ishihara while her partner, The Professor, got into position. And when the time was right, both played their parts in order for The Professor to obtain and then cover up the theft of the doctor’s security badge, all in one move.

Now, this distraction was made possible by using elements consistent with a possible seduction. While things did not progress that far, the language Belle used, combined with the use of direct intimate touch, gave the impression of something more intimate happening should the night progress. While not an outright promise or even confirmation, it was still enough to keep the doctor’s attention, perhaps to the point of tunnel-vision, which allowed the distraction part of the plan to be implemented.

Note: It has been noted in previous chapters that the use of intimate or other adult themes should be addressed before such tactics such as seduction are implemented. Also, game rules regarding this kind of roleplay does not eliminate either NPC or player agency. Respectful boundaries must be established before gameplay begins and maintained at all times.

- Wait what? I never heard about Renraku having something that powerful. I’m calling bulldrek on this one.

- Baka Dabora

- For frag’s sake. Did you not pay attention to the beginning of this? The Professor said he’d changed certain details. If something like this did exist, even telling this story could be used to trace it back to him. Quit living up to the first part of your name.

- /dev/grrl

- That, and it wouldn’t be the first time someone embellished certain details to impress someone they wanted to … get to know better.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

“Is it dangerous?” Belle placed her hand over her heart in feigned shock.

“Quite so,” Dr. Ishihara said flatly, becoming sharply serious but still managing to sound like he was flirting. “What we are learning about the nature of magic, well, in the wrong hands, it could redefine the entirety of the world’s magical landscape.”

“Oh, my!’ Belle placed her hand on Dr. Ishihara’s once again and leaned in, “I’m glad it’s in the right hands.”

A few minutes later, the atmosphere in the restaurant quickly changed as Sanada Yamaguchi,



Head of Security and member of Renraku’s elite Red Samurai, walked through the front doors. A human in his late fifties, Yamaguchi moved like a much younger man. Undoubtedly, top conditioning and state-of-the-art cyberware kept him at peak physical condition. And while not sporting the fearsome armor his unit was famous for, Yamaguchi still exuded a powerful aura of authority. His mere presence (and his two flanking dark-suited security personnel) sent ripples of anxiety through the room as he sternly walked across the mezzanine directly toward Belle’s table. This was my cue, and I discreetly positioned myself behind Dr. Ishihara’s chair.

Bella had seen Yamaguchi enter and turned back toward her dinner date, who was also looking at the Red Samurai striding toward their table. “Ken, I truly am sorry. For what it’s worth, you’re a fantastic dinner date, and I truly am incredibly disappointed that we could not continue this evening,” she said. I could see the confusion wash over the doctor’s face,

“What? What do you mean?”

It was then that the Red Samurai approached the dinner table, “I apologize for the interruption Ishihara-san,” he said, speaking directly to Dr. Ishihara, disregarding Bella completely. “We have a possible situation, and your dining companion will have to come with me.”

Belle straightened her dress as she rose, “I don’t suppose I can convince you fine gentlemen that this was all a simple misunderstanding and that I’m free to go?”

Yamaguchi finally turned to acknowledge Belle and seized her upper arm. Belle smiled, and then in a blur of motion, twisted her arm to break Yamaguchi’s grip, then seized his arm and flipped the Red Samurai into the dinner table. Splinters of plas-wood flew as the table broke in two, and out of reflex, Dr. Ishihara stood up but stumbled as his chair went flying back. Fortunately for him, I was there to break his fall.

“Dr. Ishihara, are you all right?” I asked while helping the doctor to his feet.

“Yes, I ...” Dr. Ishihara seemed at a loss for words as a ballet of unarmed combat unfolded in front of us. Yamaguchi rebounded quickly and was more surprised than injured. Kicking up to his feet, he sent a series of strikes and kicks toward Belle, who expertly blocked before counter-striking by grabbing then swinging a nearby chair at her opponent. Belle’s martial prowess could be described as a combination of a mixed martial artist and street fighter.

The metal chair clanged against the metal of Yamaguchi’s cyberarm as he swatted it out of Belle’s grip like mere nuisance, then closed in for another series of unarmed strikes. And while it was clear that Yamaguchi was a better fighter, Belle was extremely adept at using her environment, whether that be furniture or other patrons, to occupy and fluster both the head of security and his two dark-suited goons as she managed to avoid Yamaguchi’s attacks.

“I think you dropped this.” I held up a fake Biometric badge toward the doctor. I’d already lifted the real one off his lapel during the confusion and slipped into my pocket.

“Thank ... thank you.” Dr. Ishihara absentmindedly took the fake badge from me and clipped it to his lapel.

The fight ended abruptly when the two security guards finally got into a position to draw their pistols.

“Matte! Matte! I yield!” Belle called as she placed her hands on her head, her white hat lost somewhere on the restaurant’s floor. “I admit you are my better, but I had to test the waters at least.” The two security guards, not giving a damn, roughly handcuffed Belle’s hands behind her back and lifted her up. “Good evening, Doctor!” Belle shouted as she was dragged through the shocked restaurant. “I hope I can see you again!” The doctor’s stunned expression was the only reply that Belle received.

With procuring Dr. Ishihara’s biometric badge and the incomparable Miss Belle occupying the head of security, it was time to focus on getting the team’s rigger into position for the coup d’etat of this little heist.

The Office of Regulatory Compliance was not the least desirable office space to work in the building, but it was close. In the dead center of the giant skyscraper, it was an entirely interior space with no views of the neon Neo-Tokyo cityscape. And to add insult to injury, the office suite was always five to six degrees colder than anywhere else in the building. The placement of the office space was most likely a reflection of the general corporate-wide feelings about the ORC (yes, the irony of the acronym did not escape me). Nobody in Renraku wanted to file the required ORC reports on every use of magic that happened within the building, and absolutely no one wanted to deal with a live in-person visit from an ORC agent in regard to violating one of the numerous and tedious arcane usage policies. It was nothing more than another Renraku red tape generator and processor, and it makes me sick to think folk could live their whole life wrapped in that red tape. However, I was betting that the monotony and tedium of this office would pave the way for us to gain entry.

As I stepped off of the elevator and moved swiftly toward the ORC reception desk, I noticed our rigger, Incogno, also moving down the large walkway toward the same office suite. Although technically not a uniform per se, the dark blue business suit that he wore was, in effect, Renraku mid-level corporate dress code. It’s amazing how a changeof clothes and a change of demeanor can alter the perception of those around us. Take our normally ostentatious street-racing ork, place him in a dark suit, add the slight hunch of an overworked corporate wageslave, and all of a sudden he blends right into a Renraku arcane research facility.

- For anyone reading this, be you newbie or rookie, face, or whatever; this is a great example of acting like you belong there. It’s also a great example of working with your face for the greater good of the job. Not every job requires you to blast your way in or out of the building.

- Ma’Fan

- Yeah, but the latter can be more fun.

- Flash Banger

- Know what’s more fun than that? Living and getting to spend my hard-earned payout. The odds of which drop exponentially once shots are fired.

- DangerSensei
