---
id: SO-0100
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

There’s generally some props to have and roles to learn, depending on how you go about things, but the most important ingredient is plausibility. You’re going to be acting off the mark’s surprise, offering something immediately as a kind of vanishing offer to overcome their initial brushoff. Still, even the most gullible victims are prone to at least a little skepticism, so you need good reasons to be where you are that make sense. Suspicion tends to mount as we overextend people’s initial offering of belief, so immediately coming to them with something tempting as well as believable, soothing doubts quickly so opportunity can take the forefront, the better. The strength of this con is in its flexibility. There’s a few ways to make this play, each of which goes a little different.

The titular Handy Man is a classic because it only requires basic tools, some accomplices, and comes with some nifty little built-in excuses. First and foremost, you’re coming to them offering free (or at most heavily discounted) work. Who does that?! People who have to follow regulations from their parent company, that’s who. You’ve got a lot of options that can overcome their fears. The first is as simple as meeting hour requirements. There’s still some unions out there with regulations, and you can try that, but we live in an extremely dystopian capitalist world, so unions are rare as hell. Instead, lean into the company double-dipping in both contractor work-hour formats and overall weekly or monthly quotas. You’re less worried about getting underpaid than you are about losing benefits. You can also claim to have surplus material from the other job you just finished nearby, and you have to use it all for maximum materials write-offs. Or you don’t have storage for them back at work and aren’t allowed to use secondary products from one gig on another one. So, it’s going to go to waste anyway.

You can try the Advertising Canvas play, but that might require you to hit some other houses first. The idea here is that you’re offering basic handyman work, hoping doing a good job at a discount will attract repeat business. Most folks aren’t going to buy a deal that good, but if you’re earnest enough and they clearly need the help, it might work.

Census Takers is an old classic, but its utility is pretty limited nowadays. A census is typically registered by digitally tracking active SIN data (all hands-off), so your best bet is impersonating an investigator following up on fraudulent charges, suspicions of a fake or hijacked SIN, or clearing up something because Matrix elements appear to be confused or compromised in some way and the metahuman touch is now required. This one leans on intimidation through bureaucratic authority, where you tell them noncompliance will result in suspension of their SIN, deactivation of utilities and access to their job, accounts, anything their SIN has governance over (which, let’s face it, is everything for the average person), or that you’ll simply come back with the police. If you have the costumes and props, you can just go as law enforcement in the first place, called Badging (as in showing a badge). Obviously you’ll need at least some basic information about your targets so you can come off as having all the answers, anyway.

Missionaries isn’t one I’m fond of, because it just doesn’t work most of the time. Pose as religious folks come to spread the good word and out you go. But spout bulldrek that they find enlightening, challenging, or at least entertaining.

The Hot Day Play is probably the lowest maintenance since you can wear your casuals or a jogging getup. Extra points if you look good sweaty and it’s a hot day out. You desperately need a drink of water or something. Good Samaritans might help you out, but it takes a certain kind of neighborhood for that to work. Again, be the right kind of sexy and it’s really just an excuse for meeting a cutie.

Cranking that up with crisis is the Shellshocker. You just got robbed, or you’re having a medical emergency, or you crashed your car. Some kind of crisis, you’re in a panic, and that panic is, hopefully, contagious. You just need a moment, the bathroom, a medkit, a call to the authorities. You’re playing on their feel-good for helping, their shame if they don’t, their hope for reward if they do, their fear of liability if they don’t. Knowing which they’re susceptible to might help shape the play, but odds are they’ll fall into one or another pretty easily based on the situation, not how you sell it.
