---
id: SO-0149
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Effects
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Effects

Afterward, you’ll have offloaded some cheap and/ or useless items and pocketed a tidy sum. And if the placebo effect is in your favor, you might have some “loyal customers” for repeat business or grateful individuals willing to do you a favor in the future. Depends on how risky you play this. Additionally, you’ll be in possession of some very valuable information. Residence information, billing information, medical information, and possibly a full medical history. And if you’re working with a doc or medic, you may be able to obtain some biological samples. There’s good money in that if you know where to look.

- Doesn’t the Matrix make everything your backyard?

- DangerSensei

  - Material links are always worth a good chunk of nuyen.

  - Winterhawk

- Word choice is going to matter a lot. You can’t outright promise a cure. But offering relief with the possibility of a cure may offer a modicum of plausible deniability.

- Butch

- Another helpful lesson from our benevolent corporate masters.

- Bull

- But be careful, the more special the target is, the more elite the security force.

- RiggerX

- And the biological data? That can be used to make sure your mark stays a repeat customer. Can’t get nuyen from a corpse.

- Haze

Welcome to the hardest part of this con: the buy-in. Testimonials on your website won’t be enough most of the time. You’ve got to demonstrate that what you have works. You can reference medical studies (they don’t have to be real, just convincing). The “teledoc” you have on hand can riff off some intelligent-sounding medical mumbo-jumbo to convince your marks of the efficacy. Remember the plants I talked about earlier? Well, not only will they make folks aware of your product, but they can also talk it up as well. And then just watch the word of mouth spread organically. Never underestimate the power of personal recommen-

- That’s not 100 percent true, but I understand your point.

- Hannibelle
