---
id: SO-0411
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Professional Note 06: Intimidation'
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Professional Note 06: Intimidation

Intimidation doesn’t necessarily have to involve physical violence or even the threat thereof. The Professor used the young guard’s fear of his boss to distract not only him but also his partner. Fear of a corporate faux pas opened the door for Incogno to hack the security terminal. Certainly, everyone can fear the loss of a kneecap to a troll enforcer. But it may not be the most effective tactic in every situation. The dread of embarrassment, of losing a job, and because they are Renraku employees, the loss of personal face. Any one of these could be far more effective than physical violence; it all depends on the mark. The more personal the intimidation, the more potent its effect.

ULTIMATEsynchronized our efforts, disengaging both the tech and the arcane halves of the control panel at precisely the same time. And after what seemed like an eternity, the vault door unsealed with a hiss. A long white hall stood before me with a solitary white door at its end. I dismissed the glamor as I walked down the hall. Deception had gotten us this far. However, for the final phase, honesty was in fact the best policy.

The white hallway’s white door revealed a white room. Inside was a large sterile laboratory with a small terminal, a steel swivel chair, and a steel lab bench set in the center of the room. And set on that unremarkable bench was a small grayish-brown stone tablet. I stepped into the room. As soon as the white door sealed behind me, I dropped into a formal seiza position, my head bowed in a display of reverence. I then spoke into the void, “Great ancestral spirit of clan Masatoshi, I am aware of my trespass. However, I beseech you to have parlay with me before dispensing your justice.”
