---
id: SO-0135
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Nothing for Something
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Nothing for Something

While plenty of cons are pure wordplay and hustle, with goals of access or gain, sometimes it’s about passing off junk for cred. We’re all at least a little wary of this whenever we do our shopping, whether it’s checking the merchandise during arms deals or taking the car for a spin before we buy. Cons like this are the reason why. Everyone has lived the nightmare scam story to one degree or another and felt like it boiled down to incompetence, bad luck, or just the way things work in the world. But there’s more to it than undeclared hot merch and sawdust in the gas tank. At the corporate level, we expect to be ripped off by the system. We know plenty of hustlers are pawning off cheap trinkets with good photography and false advertising because they need their piece of the pie. And after the top dogs get their shares, the rest of us are fighting over scraps. But there’s something special about the targeted scam because it’s personal. The corps and the buskers are throwing bait and seeing what wanders into the net, while a real scam picks you out and makes a connection. It’s not a lie you bought, but a lie someone sold to you. And that’s the crime they’ll come after you for more than money.

But it can be worth it, because oh, ye gods, you can make a very tidy pile with these grifts, from the small to the big.
