---
id: SO-0029
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Heist Pool
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Heist Pool

What is the Heist Pool? The Heist Pool is a way to quantify the team’s efforts in properly planning a heist, such as gathering floor plans, scoping out Matrix security, or planning an egress. The team is going to dig up a bunch of information while planning their run and setting up backup plans for when things go wrong. At its core, it represents the team’s collective effort in using their contacts, knowledge, and skills to overcome challenges.

The team will still use legwork to gather necessary information as part of the job, but exceptional results should give them a major advantage. That advantage may extend past simply acquiring more and/or better paydata. Instead, a team can add that data to the Heist Pool, then spend it on the fly to represent the team using that knowledge to gain a tactical advantage. This can mean the difference between success and failure, life and death.

The pool can hold a maximum of six points, or up to the number of Heist Point Designations (see **Heist Point Designations** ) available for your run. Multiple points can’t come from the same source of information or legwork activity. More information on the types of sources of points can be found in the **Building Your Pool** section. Your team can spend these points during the run to create some special effect, like that of the 5-Edge Boost. More information on using points can be found in the **Spending Your Pool** section.
