---
id: SO-0009
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Secondary Roles
page: 13
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Secondary Roles

Teaching is another part of what the team’s face can do. It’s not very common in the biz from what I’ve seen, but it can still greatly benefit a team. Learning new skills and abilities is timeconsuming, but instructors can help reduce that time. Instructors don’t need to be experts, just good enough to pass on some of their knowledge. For example, when the face teaches the gun bunny how to pull off looking like a professional bodyguard for the actor that face is impersonating.

Additionally, a face can provide a distraction for their teammates _if_ they have the performance or con skills to pull it off. Depending on the situation, this could require a bit of setup, like getting the right props or people in place. However, some faces are experts at improv and bulldrekking.

- Before my band made it big, I’d often use them as a cover to get into certain clubs or establishments for some recon before a run, but this can be tricky. You’re going to need to find a way to get a free slot in the venue’s calendar and then try out. So, you’d better have the chops to back that up.

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- Yeah. I’ve been running a club for a few years now, and I’m always amused when I get a “last-minute ask to perform.” After a few quick checks, I can usually figure out what’s going on. Typically, I just confront the band about their intentions and let them know that my club is a place where people enjoy jazz and get good food without worrying about some VIP getting poisoned, snatched, or getting my place shot up—take your biz elsewhere. But if you do want to perform, I pay well.

- Lanyap

- That reminds me. My team once posed as trid stars and did some impromptu signature sessions to give us an alibi for the same time our target was hit. Who’s to say if it was a trid phantasm or not? It’s just another tool in your kit to help you get the job done.

- DangerSensei

Another thing that a good face can bring to the team is leadership. My chummer Buckshot is a great example of this. With a deep knowledge of small- and mixed-unit tactics, he brings so much more to the table than just giving orders. He’s inspirational and supportive but can also be fragging intimidating when he needs to be. A good leader also provides clarity and stability amid the chaos. And that’s not just when rounds are sent downrange, but also when planning. Any given job is going to have multiple moving parts where timing is crucial. You need someone with presence and calm to push the pieces around the chess board at the right time, especially when things are going to drek all around you. Buckshot is one of those individuals who thrive in such situations.

- Yeah, yeah, don’t get all misty-eyed on me. You still owe me 500 nuyen from last week’s poker game.

- Buckshot
