---
id: SO-0317
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Tailored Perfume and Cologne
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tailored Perfume and Cologne

The power of the metahuman nose isn’t always readily apparent, but these custom scents have been scientifically proven to give you results. These




## Tailored Perfume and Cologne

**==> picture [450 x 157] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
PRODUCT NAME SPECIFIC EFFECT<br>Aurelian Design Eau de Déguisement Obscures the ability for olfactory scanners from reading any pheromones or other organochemical emissions.<br>Aurelian Design Purple Reign +1 to Con (Seduction) tests vs metahumans.<br>Epoch Dragon’s Gaze +1 to Influence (Intimidation) tests vs metahumans.<br>Epoch Essence of Le Tigre +1 to Social tests vs metahumans.<br>Hart Parfumerie Of the Pack +2 for Influence (Intimidation) when used against animals.<br>Hart Parfumerie Sunglasses +2 for Outdoors (Tracking) tests when using olfactory sensors.<br>NAME AVAIL COST<br>Aurelian Design Eau de Déguisement 4 750¥<br>Aurelian Design Purple Reign 2 500¥<br>Epoch Dragon’s Gaze 4 400¥<br>Epoch Essence of Le Tigre 2 350¥<br>Hart Parfumerie Of the Pack 6 100¥<br>Hart Parfumerie Sunglasses 5 250¥<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

perfumes and colognes need to be tailor-made to the wearer to provide a set of natural levels of organic chemicals that match you.

Each of these scents only works for ten hours, and a bottle contains thirty doses. If you have the tailored pheromones bioware, it interferes with their function because of its close composition to your existing biochemistry, preventing any bonus from tailored pheromones. See table for specific product names and their effects.
