---
id: SO-0218
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Wanted
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wanted

Your contact is wanted and not in the good sense of the word. The local authorities have it out for them, and that means that if any heat shows up in the area, the local faction will come knocking on your contact’s door. It’s a good thing they’re great at what they do, but the added chance of increased heat can be frustrating at times.

**Game Effect:** Any time the team uses that contact, increase the Heat Modifier by 1.

an overbite and a penchant for cowboy hats and large belt buckles? Or were they a human born to an ork family who has surgically grafted tusks in their jaw? How the contact looks will affect how they’re treated by those around them.

**How do you behave and talk?** Just as important as how they look is how the contact behaves and whether they have specific speech patterns. This contact could be a brash, hard-drinking fixer who’s known for offering candy to orphans who

live in the barrens. Or they’re a detective who quit drinking ten years ago but has a temper that could make a hell hound back off. The answer to this question allows the gamemaster to take on the role of the contact; helping bring them to life.

**In what circles are you known?** Some groups will likely know more about the contact than other factions will, and it’s handy to know which groups those are when the team does legwork on the contact. Maybe the faction only knows about the contact’s reputation, but it could be really specific about how they’ve actually treated specific people in the past. This provides an easy way to build out available legwork results for specific groups when researching the contact.
