---
id: SO-0140
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Scaling
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Scaling

I’m very tempted to talk about other cons that involve selling trash as treasure, but that goes into entirely new cons, and they’ll have their time shortly. Instead, I’ll keep to the titular bricks and how to vary that.

First, the important thing is value. You could theoretically have a scaling investment-to-profit ratio for silver or palladium, osmium or platinum, not just gold. You can do pretty well if you mix in some real-life market standards for value. Buy silver where it’s cheap, layer it and sell where there is a high silver demand. Of course, lead isn’t ruled out, but lead and gold being so close was an important element to the con, since a simple scale can reasonably be demanded by even the most ignoNOTHINGrant mark. Figure out what cheap material can be substituted to best hold the illusion before you’re gone.

- Remember the stolen loot fencing story I mentioned earlier? Limiting the amount you’re willing sell to a customer is good for one bite in a few thousand. But if you tell them you’ll sell the same to anyone else, they’ll call up friends and either bring them in or buy on their behalf. The risk is that one of them is smarter than the first mark, but that’s what comes with letting it ride. What’s better is that birds of a feather flock together, and the odds are good they’re calling other suckers, too.

- Red Anya

- The Orichalcum Rush of ’61–’62 had the effect of lowering the value of orichalcum overall, but also necessitated a broader range of grading for orichalcum quality. Naturally occurring veins are almost never as good as artificially produced small batches. I can imagine some folks here want to try and pass off a good that goes for anywhere from five to ten thousand nuyen per gram, but the inherently magical nature of it means if there’s even one mage on the side of the mark, you’re smoked. Worse, now a mage knows you’re trying to con them. Unless you really have every detail of the handoff and the mark in your pocket, it’s not really worth the risk.

- **>** Red

Since a Gold Brick is really just commodities fraud by way of counterfeit, it stands to reason someone might ask how forgeries, hard currency, or fake credsticks play into this. While I’d argue they’re entirely different cons, I don’t think we’re going to go too deeply into them, because while it’s deception, it’s really about a high degree of crafted quality over the way you sell it. Which is the heart of this play.
