---
id: SO-0113
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 60
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

You want to take note of the potential hostiles and who they might consider an optimal target. At low-stakes, you’re taking on small-fry gangers and independent muggers. High-stakes means more dangerous prey with a better payoff. Generally speaking, you want any target to be an individual and isolated. But your real metric is how secure they’ll feel when you get the drop on them (if you’re letting them live) or how hard they’ll be to put down.

**>** “Low stakes?” And you’re giving me drek about my puns? **>** Slamm-0! **>** Not everything is a pun, null brain. **>** Red **>** When do I get to come to this movie night I keep hearing about? I could use a good nap. **>** Slamm-0! **>** Take a shower and bring the hot wings. **>** /dev/grrl **>** Whatever. You’re gonna love Bogart. **>** Red **>** Frag that, good buddy! I’m bringing The Scream Code: The Bull Edit! **>** Slamm-0! **>** I’m never going to hear the end of this, am I? **>** Bull **>** You wouldn’t believe what he paid for it. **>** Tauren **>** I might. **>** Bull

Consider their strengths and weaknesses, and what exactly you’ll be extracting from them. Since we’re courting actual danger, there’s commlinks and

cred, but their weapons can prove to be a nice little rake-in as well. Weapons are both the threat and the payoff in most cases. Gangers and muggers probably won’t be packing anything worth big money, but you can fill an arsenal over time this way. Richer pickings come from syndicate enforcers, corporate security, or even law enforcement. But at that level you’re courting trouble, these are the kinds of targets who have bosses who don’t like losses and they might perceive shakedowns or casualties as part of a larger operation against them. This means heat.

- If their weapons have any kind of traceable criminal activity or they’re stamped with corp-facing trackables, the fencing value goes down unless you want to take the time to clean them.

- **>** Red Anya

- True, but there’s another use here: throwing off the trail. Using hot weapons for another job can send the heat dogging you on a wild goose chase. If the mark is still out there, corpsec might track them down, adding some time before they catch up to you. If they’re dead, as long as their death isn’t known, they’re chasing ghosts, assuming they’re SINless enough to be truly off the grid.

- Saturday Jones

- Having a patsy is another decent move, assuming you don’t mind provoking violence between factions. With the right tech or magic, you could even take the place of your last kill, moving through the food chain. At that point, though, you’re getting into serial killer/vigilante territory.

- Borderline

From there, you need to decide on how you’ll neutralize them. There’s a multitude of factors here, from the terrain to your resources. I mentioned this play back in _Cutting Aces_ and it still holds true. The prostitute with a sniper friend who shakes them down when they see the red dot on their chest or the Crimson Crush orks who lure out Humanis policlubbers. It’s an ambush however you’re playing it, so you have to decide what wins the day. Snipers, drivers, numbers, sheer force, or whatever. What works, works.

The old historical version against bandits and highwaymen was a covered bait-wagon allegedly filled with loot but instead packed with goons or firepower. As it was back then, hijackers tend to pick their targets in a certain territory, giving them the potential advantage. You, however, are the real hunter, predators preying on other predators. You either need to scope out the prey’s hunting grounds and turn it to your advantage or have a mobile solution to pace the bait. Police do this, as well, shadowing a mark to catch a serial slasher, for example. Spirits, drone cover, a van full of gilettes, anything that doesn’t give the game away but can turn the tables fast.

As to your ultimate use for your targets … death is final, and your payoff is loot, pure and simple.

**==> picture [17 x 176] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SMOOTH OPERATIONS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



Living targets, on the other hand, can transfer funds, reveal clearances, make calls, provide intel, anything it takes to stay alive. Where a Honeypot suckers compliance, a prisoner can be coerced.

- Some people are better as bodies, and some bodies sell pretty well.

- Hannibelle
