---
id: SO-0168
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

The hardest part about this con might seem like having to own the land in question, but there’s a few ways to bypass that. You might acquire the mining rights, which could go for a song if the area has been assayed in the past and shown to be relatively worthless. You could forge them, but there’s a lot of holes in that plan given the complexity and bureaucracy inherent to land rights, especially with extraterritoriality and the shifting borders of the world nowadays.

You might also present this plan to someone who actually has those rights, a private citizen or someone in the position to profit from it who has the means to help and wants in on the scheme. If you pick your target well and keep enough insulation between them and yourself, you can leave them holding the bag and make a clean getaway.

Salting itself is creating the illusion of value. The old-school method of making a fake mine is taking a shotgun and blasting trace amounts of gold, silver, etc. into the stone. But there’s methods for making crude oil reservoirs, gems, naturally occurring radical alchemical reagents, and even orichalcum. The value increases depending on the commodity’s value, but there is a point of balance. Naturally occurring orichalcum is prohibitively expensive by the gram, and blasting it into a wall isn’t just pricey, but will attract some very heavy hitters with a very deep interest in what you’ve found. But we’ll be talking about that later.

The thing is, that’s not the only place you’re gonna want to add seasoning. The right team knows that it’s not just what you’re selling, but how much
