---
id: SO-0340
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Game Information
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Game Information

A simpler, more inexpensive, and more legal application of the same kind of nanotechnology used for nano-paste disguises, smart cosmetics are a foundation fluid that is designed to be applied to the user’s entire face. Applying smart cosmetics takes one minute, after which the user must use their commlink to run a companion app. It scans the user’s face using their commlink’s built-in camera, after which the user can wirelessly adjust their makeup. The user can save as many presets as they like, allowing them to change their makeup with only a Minor Action.

Most cosmetics companion apps are free and don’t take up a program or app slot. Presets cost anywhere from 10 to 100 nuyen, but users can also design their own with an Extended Electronics (Computers) + Intuition (3, 1 hour) skill test. If the user has a fashion or makeup-related knowledge skill, they may add their Logic attribute ranking to this test.

When used to enhance appearances, smart cosmetics add +1 to the user’s Social Rating. This doesn’t take up any fashion accessory capacity, and stacks with any grooming bonuses. There are also presets available to make users more intimidating, reducing their Social Rating by –1.

Alternately, users can set up presets that will better help them blend into certain situations, hidetheir appearance, throw off facial recognition, or attempt to impersonate someone who already looks similar. When used as part of an Influence (Etiquette) test to blend in, users must make one or more of the following tests based on situation: Con (Disguise) test to make yourself look different, a Stealth (Sneaking) test to prevent your face from being scanned by sensors, or a Con (Impersonation) test to pretend to be someone specific, gain a point of Edge that must be spent on the test or is lost.

There is also a neutral preset, which provides no benefits or drawbacks and does not need to be set up.

Presets can also be purchased from any app store. Purchased presets are only available for increasing your Social Rating and are programmed to self-delete after each use (which lasts for twenty-four hours).
