---
id: SO-0105
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Snares
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Snares

You might be surprised to learn that the statistical majority of cons are relatively passive traps that are set and left until marks come along. Many of them are simply a matter of setup, a broadly attractive deal or something else that might be found by virtue of a simple Matrix search or some simple nodewalker wandering in and investigating. The payoffs also tend to be relatively quiet benefits, like user data and metrics, opportunities to plant trojans and other spyware. Or, far more commonly, small payouts selling mislabeled or inferior-quality goods at a better payout. Still, scaling can apply and sometimes it’s just about a rich prize and waiting for the right would-be buyer to come and try to get it. Regardless, Snares are for the patient types who don’t mind setup, an uncertain timeframe for return on investment, and a willingness to leave all that work behind when the heat gets too close.

- Common? The bargain markets that flood Matrix advertising are usually subsidiaries of larger corporates many times removed, moving dead products at fire-sale prices rather than mark them off as a total loss.

+SURPLUS+, and a whole bunch of others front for dirty markets, a kind of grey market that has other uses as well. **>** Sunshine

- More uses than you know. They can justify entire shipping runs and serve as cover for entirely illegal stuff too. You can’t search a whole container ship efficiently when time and pressure are factors, so if you fill it with enough junk, all with legitimate purchase receipts and data trails going on for kilometers in all directions, you can turn all that cheap cargo into a maze that has a high likelihood of throwing off detection for the real moneymakers at the center, all while still turning a small profit with the trinkets.

- Sounder

- TJ, this is that “brute force smuggling” you were talking about, isn’t it?

- /dev/grrl

- It’s one kind, absolutely. The other is throwing tons of hot product at the market and accepting interceptions as breakage, but I don’t want to derail the conversation.

- Traveler Jones
