---
id: SO-0045
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Gluttony
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Gluttony

Gluttony is the desire for excess. Its origins are in Latin; it means, “to consume,” and that’s what the Glutton wants. More, and too much more. Fear takes a strong and long second place to hunger, as excess is, by its nature, dangerous. On some level we all know excess hurts us, but they want the hurt. These ones are looking for the next overindulgence, the faster car, the better meal, the higher flight, the bigger bank account. Pulling a con on them is straightforward, but it’s expensive since you’ll be presenting yourself as the person who can provide them with their excesses. Think of it like a Sloth on steroids, their hunger motivating them into the baited trap. These marks are great for passing off fake art pieces, plying with truth serums or trackers in sumptuous foods, or taking them on exotic getaways that end with them in the client’s hands.

- You’re not kidding about the cash outlay. Unless you’re presenting underground delights only a well-connected street connoisseur can offer, you’re going to have to play the part of someone who likes excess just as much so you can get a playmate. Don’t think Mr. Johnson is going to like hearing “plus expenses” on that kind of gig.

- Kia

- I’d take a pay cut for some choice cuts of Kobe washed down with some Dom Pérignon. Practically a working vacation!

- **>** Sounder

That said, fear can be prominent from time to time. Some of these marks come from a place of deprivation, overcompensating after lacking for so long. In the context of food, that would be someone who once starved and now shields themselves with fat against the notion of ever feeling skinny again, à la Nero Wolfe (though he’d make a terrible mark). Those who have experienced poverty, or the risk of it, may insulate themselves with a miser’s fortune for a rainy day. The same can be said for a

- Not, of course, to be used on actual dragons.

- **>** Orange Queen

- Not unless they had some kind of death wish, my lady.

- **>** Silk

- Now where’s the fun in any of that?

- Wordsmyth
