---
id: SO-0348
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: The Red Box
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Red Box

Not something you are going to find on the open market and also not something easy to find on the black market, either, but this is something you should know about existing just in case you find yourself in one of them. The real crux of the Box is that it’s a combination of pretty cheap tech mixed with some nasty software running on a hyper-realistic setting. As far as we can tell, it looks like a UV host is required, but that data is pretty spotty.

That’s the part that makes this incredibly insidious. You don’t really know that you’re in a simulation. All the nasty things that happen in the software feel and seem real. And it can just keep going and bypass any point where a normal person would go unconscious.

So what are the other parts and pieces beyond a UV host? Simple things like trodes, hot sim modules, ASIST arrays, pain inducers, and more. Users are link-locked in the host. The software is what really sets this apart. No one’s really sure who developed this solution, but various modules have been found ranging from body damage to loading loved ones that are put in danger, all amped up to eleven. Detecting that you are inside a simulation requires a knowledge skill in UV hosts and succeeding at an Electronics + Intuition (3) test.

Once out of the experience, the horror doesn’t really die away. Once you exit the experience, make a Composure (number of hours in the simulation) test. On a failure, gain a negative quality such as Chronic Pain, Glitchy, Trust Issues, or Twitchy to represent problems stemming from the traumatic experience. Work with your gamemaster on the specific issue.

Gamemasters: Note that the use of any form of torture in your game can be triggering. While this specific item is a plot device and not something that a runner can go out and buy or build, ensuring that players are okay with the topic is important.

| interrogation gear                                                         | interrogation gear     | interrogation gear  | table                       |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ------------------- | --------------------------- |
| **NAME**<br>Emotional Analyzer<br>7000<br>Concealable Surveillance<br>Gear | **RATING**<br>—<br>1-8 | **AVAIL**<br>8<br>4 | **COST**<br>15,000¥<br>300¥ |
| The Red Box                                                                | N/A                    | Unknown             |                             |



vantages. Previous chapters include gear that also provides a bonus or penalty to the Social Rating of a player character or NPC. The definition of gear in this chapter is any item that explicitly provides bonus Edge.
