---
id: SO-0021
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: The Weakest Links
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Weakest Links

Now, if you still need some vital paydata, or maybe if you’re moving on to the operational phase of the plan, there are several methods of getting what you need. One of my favorite methods of exploiting human weakness at a target location is to take advantage of the jobs they don’t have (or want) to deal with. Need to get into a crime scene? Try showing up as the “bio-waste clean-up” staff. Want to get into a corporate or medical facility? Get your cleaning staff disguises on. It’s not guaranteed, but there’s a decent chance they’re not going to inspect you too intensely, as long as your IDs or credentials are solid. They’re simply glad that it’s not their job.

- If you can, get seen a lot at a location. Make your presence there a normal occurrence. One of the best ways to blend into the background is to just trick the metahuman brain that you’re part of it. Depending on the locale, you don’t even need to get fancy with disguises.

- Balladeer

Another thing to remember is that confusion, boredom, and other metahuman foibles are all possible exploits for you to abuse. You can disappear, cause distractions, or play on someone’s desires to get what you need. Or you can be everything they expect you to be and play toward their ennui. But regardless, one of the key aspects of this particular strategy is to simply look like you belong there.

- I’ve scored access to exclusive events by being someone’s plusone. It wasn’t the simplest way to sneak the team in, but we researched the attendees and what they were looking for. Just took the right “accidental meeting” at a coffee shop, a judicious application of coffee to the mark’s shirt, and some awkward use of napkins. By the end of the conversation, he was wrapped around my finger, all while avoiding eye contact. At the party, it was then up to me to get the team in with their gear.

- SeaTac Sweetie

- Boredom is the enemy of soldiers, guards, and gangs. Idle hands and minds lead people to find stimulation or entertainment. My team’s mage likes to use the Nudge spell. It depends on the situation, but sometimes it’s a push to load up some commlink games or maybe go for a snack. But if they have magical defenses, it’s risky.

- Hard Exit
