---
id: SO-0108
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: '> Red'
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Red

Environment counts for a lot, too. The mark’s comfort zone might be related to a literal physical location. Playing at the bar is good for those who like a little company, whether it’s an audience or the perceived safety of other people in case you go too far. Others might like their courtship in more intimate surroundings, or in a place that demonstrates shared values and interests, from a code creche to an actual physical library.

- I’ve seen this in garages.

- Turbo Bunny

- I’ve always had luck with negging. Destabilizing someone’s selfworth puts them in a position of seeking your approval, giving you all the power. Then you take from them.

  - Fishing, gaming, gambling, drinking, hobby shops …

  - Fianchetto

- Haze

  - It’ll work anywhere that you share interests, at least for

- Typical bullshit, and extremely obvious. Moreover, any mark with any self-confidence will see right through it. Even if they don’t, they’ll have better things to do than spend time “earning” the approval of an obvious asshole.

- Pistons

show. You can throw a little kismet in as well, as though you didn’t think you’d run into them there. Add enthusiasm for their passions as though they were your own, maybe a hint of embarrassment about your hobby so they can comfort you, making them feel a little more in control.

- Haze

- It’s also psychologically harder to pull off. Metahumans respond to positives more than negatives. Negging only works with a specific profile, and even then you’re dealing with more volatile situations with harder-hitting repercussions. The point of the game is to maintain control, and that kind of variable is, at best, dangerous to manage.

- Red

- How about love bombing? You hit them with tons of affection, sort of brute-force your way into their hearts.

- **>** Whippit

- What if you actually share interests?

- Netcat

- Oh, grow up. Making friends with the mark is about as amateur as it gets.

- Carbon Score

- Ah, falling for the mark. The good old days, eh?

- Fianchetto
