---
id: SO-0294
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Krime Rave clothing line
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Krime Rave clothing line

Many brands have been tryig to incorporate holoprojectors into their fashion offereings. Most are going to install a single holoprojector in a bracelet, but that is where the true innovation of Krime has come into play. Using a recently acquired synthsilk factory, they have produced high-quality clothing and brought their own flair and with a strong focus this time to not rip or tear for those with dermal deposits.

The new division is being run by the famous French fashion designer Hubert Dubois. He disappeared from the scene about twenty years ago



when he SURGEd and suddenly was persona non grata in the industry. Krime brought this innovator onboard and has been making solid clothing that works for multiple occasions based on their patented Krimelar synthetic material.

The Krime Rave clothing line’s flair is the use of multiple holoprojectors allowing for a full 360-degree coverage. They will tell you that you can bring your own rave to any situation. More practically, this technology can blind cameras or obscure optical sensors, preventing the use of cameras to aid in Judge Intentions tests. Less practically, runners have been known to generate extremely offensive imagery while in a shootout to proclaim just how awesome they are. Wearing the complete suit provides a +4 to Social Rating.
