---
id: SO-0408
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Professional Note 03: Location Is Always a Factor'
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Professional Note 03: Location Is Always a Factor

What does working a mark or contact and real estate have in common? The answer is: location, location, location. A specific location can be used for several things. It can be used to put someone at ease, get them to relax. Or it can be used to impress. And if need be, it can be used for the opposite effect. In this case, it’s more of the former. She is also using the attention to make Dr. Ishihara feel special, more drawn to her. Which is exactly the point of this meeting.

Inside the Renraku host, Augury was dealing with her part of the job.

She’d later recall approaching the security … I forget what it she called it, but it was where she could take control of the building’s security systems. The node’s sculpting took the form of a Japanese city during the Edo period, and her destination was a watch tower among several identical towers that stretched across the virtual province. She then said that three shogunate soldiers suddenly materialized in front of the watch tower’s entrance. But with her disguised virtual persona, and apparently in their hurried rush, the three soldiers didn’t give her a second glance as they entered and searched the tower. Augury simply walked in with them and ascended the steps to the top. There, she found a series of large brass telescopes that peered over the city and into the countryside. She placed her eye on one of the eyepieces and with that and began her work. She tried to explain to me the intricacies of code manipulation and file editing, but Matrix science is not my forte. Regardless, by the time she was done, she could not only see everything in the building but could also control what the building could see. She quickly searched through the thousands of feeds until she found the right one. A small stone tablet sat on a steel lab bench in a sterile white room. Augury looped the digital feed, masking anything that would happen in that room from this point on. “Now, the only thing to do was to wait,” she had thought to herself once that part of the job was done. But that was the last thing she thought before her physical body was snatched up by four large Renraku uniformed security officers.

Now that the security feeds were under our control, the next phase of the operations was to procure a security badge from the head of arcane research for this facility.

Moving from the top to the bottom of the tower was much easier than one would think. Just one express elevator down. Quickly shedding my blue jumpsuit for the black and white of a waiter’s outfit, I found myself on the ground floor. The building’s main lobby is open to the public andfeatures a wide variety of exclusive retail shops, restaurants, and entertainment venues that fill the indoor plaza.

One such restaurant is Sukiyabashi Ono, which is not only the most expensive restaurant in the Chiba ward, but also the most exclusive. The sushi chef, Master Masaharu Takayama, can trace his sushi lineage all the way back to Takashi Ono, and it would be a gross understatement to say that the daily fresh-caught sushi is delicious. But the Sukiyabashi Ono experience does not end there. Merely five stars would not be an appropriate rating for this restaurant—everything about it exudes elegance. The fragrance of fresh wasabi and artificially manufactured sea air teased refinement. The fresh-cut cherry blossoms and the soft glow of paper lanterns bathed the restaurant in sophistication. It can take months just to get on the reservation list, let alone get inside the restaurant.

Now, young Mr. Bloodstone, you may be asking yourself (but I hope not) why I’m bothering with an overblown restaurant review. The answer is quite simple: In order to catch the right fish, you need not only the right bait but also the right environment. The use of this particular restaurant was not by happenstance, but instead part of the overall plan. It cost a significant amount to secure such an exclusive location, but as the saying goes: You have to spend nuyen to make nuyen.

And right in the midst of all the elegance upon the grand mezzanine sat Blanche “Belle” O’Hara, resplendent in a large white hat and a bright yellow sundress that accentuated her elven features. Belle is an extremely competent social adept and the embodiment of southern CAS allure.. She’s also more than capable of using her gifts in the more traditional physical methods.

- Oh, I know Belle. She really is that sweet and can weaponize her charm like a street sam uses a gun or blade. But I’ve also seen her shatter someone’s jaw with a spinning kick. Granted the fragger had it coming but still.

- Treadle

Of course, I abhor violence. Even the most delicate of endeavors sometimes requires a strong set of hands, however. Soft murmurs of conversation in both Japanese and English filled the air as patrons pretended politely not to stare. I know that every Renraku employee who filled the restaurant wasn’t talking directly about Belle, but every one of them certainly had noticed the tall, athletically elegant elf sitting with Dr. Ken Ishihara, head of arcane research. And while Belle’s role in this particular phase of the operation was to garner attention, mine was blend into the hustle and bustle of a busy wait staff.

“Dr. Ishihara, may I offer a bottle of Hakurakusei Junmai Daiginjo Hikari? Compliments of Master Takayama. It is our finest dinner sake,” I said, politely interrupting Belle and her mark’s dinner so that my presence would not be marked as unusual later on.

“Well, of course!” Belle spoke for Dr. Ishihara and smiled at me as I poured two guinomis of the slightly sweet-smelling sake. After pouring, I meandered back into the commotion of the busy restaurant, but I could still hear Belle’s and Dr. Ishihara’s conversation though Belle’s hidden mic in her bracelet and images through her smart-contact lenses.

“Ken, please go on, your work is truly fascinating. Are you really working on some kind of artifact?” Belle placed her hand on Dr. Ishihara’s, eliciting a pleasant smile and flush to his face.

“Ah, well, Miss O’Hara, yes, we are indeed studying a powerful artifact, one with untold magical potential. It’s a very delicate matter, you understand.” Dr. Ishihara’s smile seemed to be part embarrassment but mostly excitement.

Belle leaned in, her gaze locked with Dr. Ishihara, “Delicate, you say? How fascinating! I’m just a bit of a brute, you see. Just a lowly analyst in the logistics department. But I’m sure you handle delicate matters with utmost care.” she punctuated her words with the gentle stroking of Dr, Ishihara’s left index finger. “But I’m truly fascinated by the arcane. The mysteries it holds, the power it wields. Tell me, what secrets does this new artifact hold? I’m sure it’s something beyond our wildest imaginations.”

“You’re not some Saeder-Krupp spy, are you?” Dr. Ishihara teased as he returned Belle’s gentle caresses, perhaps not as delicately but certainly with enthusiasm.

“Absolutely, Lofwyr sent me personally, just for you.” Belle smiled as she playfully retorted, all the while secretly getting a good look at the small Biometric badge clipped on the doctor’s lapel.

“Well, to be noticed by a great dragon ...” Dr. Ishihara replied, feigning celebrity arrogance before continuing with the playful banter. “It is quite an achievement.”

“You know, I could be anywhere in the world. Committing corporate espionage on any one of the triple As. But, today, I’m right here with you.” Belle stared deep into Dr. Ishihara’s golden-brown eyes, completely blocking out the rest of the world. Dr. Ishihara leaned in closer to his dinner date and lowered his voice to almost a whisper, a spark of excitement in his eyes.

“Miss O’Hara, you have a keen employer. The artifact seems to have a connection to very ancient mysticism, something our world hasn’t seen in millennia. This just may redefine everything we thought we knew about the history of magic.”
