---
id: SO-0194
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Shadowland BBS (Foundation Host) - Matrix
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shadowland BBS (Foundation Host)

## Matrix

Other hosts on the Matrix, such as Stuffer Shack, or other smaller hosts.

Shadowland Killing Jar (Rating 9, Grade 1, Scale 1) Shadowland BBS (Rating 7, Grade 3, Scale 3) Shadowland Trap Door (Rating 1, Grade 1, Scale 1)

| **A** | **S** | **D** | **F** | **RATING** | **GRADE** | **SCALE** |
| ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ---------- | --------- | --------- |
| 8     | 7     | 9     | 10    | 7          | 3         | 3         |

**Installed IC:** Patrol, Acid, Blaster, Nonlethal Black IC (Eraser) **Sculpting:** The host is set up to look like a vast postal office. There are agents dressed as postal workers located at a long counter in the front where users can queue up requests based on their subscription level. At the end of the counter is a location for users to submit their own reviews along with relevant metadata. The files appear as envelopes, and programs appear as machinery. Users can see the constant movement of envelopes, workers, and machinery as they look past the counter and into the back room.

**Host Personas:** There are no restrictions on what a persona looks like when logging in to the host, but a large number of users are in generic iconography provided by the host so they can remain anonymous. Only security spiders (Security Spider Lieutenant, p. 166, Hack and Slash) have admin access and appear in a postmaster general uniform with the addition of tac vests. The number of users on the host varies with time of day, but it’s always busy. **Security Procedures:** The host is protected like many other data havens. It has a Killing Jar (p. 66, Falling Point) host set up between it and the greater Matrix. The Killing Jar host has hidden gateways (Threshold 6) connecting to Trap Door (p. 67, Falling Point) hosts, but a single gateway leading to the actual Shadowland BBS host. If a user logs in without the correct token and attempts to find the correct gateway, there’s a high chance they land in a Trap Door which immediately resets and causes the user to deal with dumpshock. The main host is always running Patrol IC and has at least one active security spider. Occasionally, the deckers who set up the host are signed in as security spiders (p. 167, Hack and Slash, GOD Operative). If the IC or spiders detect unauthorized usage, the host immediately goes into security mode and begins launching additional IC in the following order: Acid, Blaster, Nonlethal Black IC (Eraser). The primary goal is to prevent data loss with a secondary goal of tracking down the offending decker using Trace Icon. **Admins:** SparX, ChaOS, T3chK1d, Spyder, and another hacker of the DM’s choice
