---
id: SO-0203
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Reputation
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Reputation

Reputation (p. 235–236, _SR6_ , and p. 191–193, _Sixth World Companion_ ) is represented as a single score that denotes whether the runner is seen in a positive or negative light by a faction, and to what degree. While useful, it’s a simplification of what reputation is supposed to signify. Do they get their jobs done on time? Do they stick to the spec? Are they noisy or quiet? Do they randomly kill people or attempt to be non-lethal? A simple sentence about the team or individual’s Reputation with a faction can help a gamemaster determine what it would take for them to betray the runners.

Reputation isn’t just for the player characters! The shadows are full of gossip regarding a trustworthy fixer, or the Mr. Johnson who no one knows anything about. The gamemaster is encouraged to use the Questionnaire for NPC Contacts to help determine an NPC’s behavior and personality, and what type of reputation the NPC has with different factions. If the runners call a friend to ask about the smuggler that was recommended to them, what does their friend think about the smuggler? There’s a chance they don’t know anything about them, but it’s possible they’ve dealt with the smuggler in the past, or maybe they know someone who did. This is a simple example of how you can use networking to make your cast feel more real.

When starting a campaign, the gamemaster should determine which factions will be in the game, and the Reputation score each contact will have with those factions. When a player creates an NPC, use the NPC questionnaire to help set their Reputation with each faction. While the gamemaster is responsible for setting the actual Reputation scores, the recommended number of Reputation points the NPC will have is Connection x (Number of Factions in play/2). This pool of points can be applied to a single relationship or spread out among the factions. These values can shift during the campaign as the contact deals with the team and others behind the scenes.

Reputation scores shouldn’t be used for every relationship a contact has. When looking at the contact types and knowledge skills the contact may be associated with, determine how the contact is seen within that community. For example, maybe the contact is an arcanoarchaeologist and



they’re known within both the academic and magical communities. Gamemasters may decide the contact has stolen several papers, and now most academics hate the person, while the magical community appreciates them for sharing their research.
