---
id: SO-0024
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Tools and - Countermeasures
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tools and

## Countermeasures

As I just alluded to, there are always countermeasures to security. But part of your job as the team’s face is understanding how all the layers fit together and knowing the best option to circumvent any problems. Of course that means doing legwork on everything we’ve talked about, but you’ll also need to know what tools are at your disposal. I’m aware there’s a deeper dive into gear later in this data drop, but I figured you still deserved a primer of my favorite toys.

The first is clothing. There are days I wish I wasn’t running the shadows, because a huge closet would be so nice, but I don’t think I’d need that big of a closet if I were in a different line of work. What I mean is that a lot of the clothing I’ve purchased over the years were business expenses. This clothing ranges from some high-fashion dresses down to secondhand clothing from the local thrift mart. And that’s before we start talking about my extensive collection of uniforms. It’s probably good that I’ve had to ditch a lot of my clothing as I’ve moved around, since it could link me to any number of crime scenes.

- Don’t just think about your social butterfly outfits. You’re going to want some fancy countermeasures for your ride, too. Electrochromatic paint, spoof chips, and rotating plates are must-haves to prevent easy identification.

- Turbo Bunny

- Sim-Eon

- One word of caution: Some members of your team are going to be more memorable than others. It could be the one-meter-tall mohawk, or maybe the six arms and golden skin. Benching them for this part of the run is probably the right thing to do in the end, even if it causes some initial pains in the hoop.

  - The same can be said in the Matrix. Make sure that you’re running software to help obfuscate your persona and then clean up after yourself. The biggest gap is always leaving logs behind. It’ll take a security spider a while to comb through those files since they’re so huge, but when they do … they’ve got you.

  - **>** Electric Blue

- Stone

As long as we’re talking about being seen, we need to address the elephant in the room: magic.

- You’re good, kid, but don’t be so melodramatic.

- **>** Glitch



And it’s not just the clothes you can buy, but all the accoutrement as well. Adding a colorful kerchief to my drab jacket helps set it off and makes it memorable, until I drop it in the trash and suddenly become a lot more forgettable. Give people something to fixate on. This can range from gloves, to logos, to any number of other small parts of your getup. These allow you to stand a cut above, and then are quickly ditched when you need to alter your appearance in a hurry.

Even better, there’s clothing that can change form and color. The wonders of modern fabric technology are simply amazing. They aren’t perfect, but in a pinch they provide all the edge you need to throw someone off your trail. Most of the time, these are used to make sure you come to the party in the latest wear and guarantee you’ll never accidentally match someone else’s outfit. But it’s really just an excuse to sell more programs for skins and fashion options.

- The plus side is that a lot of these are fragging awesome looking. I’m a huge fan of the changing (or is it morphing?) garments. You can easily blend into a corporate environment, hit a club, and then sneak into a warehouse and never need to take it off. So convenient.

- /dev/grrl

- The evolving attire is a good addition to your toolkit, but a common mistake is to have a personal style that makes all the variations end up looking similar. You want to have very different looks and cuts.

- Fianchetto

- The suit is the clear winner in all fashion. Works anywhere and no one really notices the differences. Sure, you can accessorize with color, but no one’s really noticing.

speaking of avoiding being seen as yourself, there are hats, masks, and other pieces of clothing that trick visual sensors so they can’t get a good view of you. Similar technology can even hide your smells and alter the sounds you make.

I have a standard kit of various things to counteract the basic human and technology security measures. There’s no way to have a solution to every possible security problem, but just having a good basic set of tools ready in your go bag can save your skin.

On the magic front, having a good mage friend will provide a decent bit of cover. But only if they have the right skills and training to hide some of their telltale marks and astral signatures.
