---
id: SO-0179
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: The Plant Plot Hooks
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Plant Plot Hooks

This operation is a big one. A Plant Con could span an entire campaign for players. There are many ways to approach this con job, and none of them are wrong. But it’s important to understand that this might not be for every table. It could require an amount of real-life time that your players just cannot commit to. Or it could require the long-term splitting of the party. Or it could just be an approach with too much structure to be enjoyable for some of your players. All of these are valid concerns and should be accounted for before utilizing this con at the table for your runners.

If you do choose to utilize this con, it creates a wealth of storytelling options for the table. Are your players the team supporting an NPC plant? They get to experience the real hustle of the con, from the flood of jobs that they need to undertake, to dealing with contacts they make along the way. Or maybe one of your players is the plant? Your table now has the rare opportunity to experience two vastly different stories running alongside one another. Does the party feel like they might be the fall guys for the whole job? How should they move forward as the plant’s requests get ever more dangerous (and potentially strange) as the con drags on? How will they handle conflicting job offers that threaten to tear the team apart before the con is done? This operation offers a great many avenues for player-driven storytelling; only a chosen few have been listed here. Discuss the prospect of splitting the party with your table and be aware that the plant will be working closely with the gamemaster to create storylines for the rest of the table. This might not be for every table, and that’s perfectly okay. An NPC plant might be a more comfortable choice for many. Mirroring its in-game presence, the Plant Con offers great rewards for great investment.
