---
id: SO-0016
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Dealing with Street Gangs
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dealing with Street Gangs

While criminal organizations tend to have fairly defined codes of conduct and rules they all more or less follow, street-level gangs are a completely different beast. For them, it’s about trust and mutual benefit. What exactly this entails varies between groups. Most gangs have extreme initiation rites to become a member, so they’re going to trust someone who’s proven themselves over an outsider.

- When working with the gangs, play into their posturing. Make them laugh. Put some money on arm wrestling and lose while making fun of yourself. Just don’t have them turn on their brothers and sisters because that’s a fast way to get geeked.

- **>** Borderline

- Gang cultures are different but also similar. They all want respect, they don’t trust outsiders, and power is going to come to those who seize it. If you offer them an inch, they’re going to try and take a mile. I’m not saying that’s a bad thing, but something you’ll want to acknowledge. They feel that nothing’s ever just given to them, so instead they need to take.

- LSPD

- LSPD is absolutely judging them for that. Don’t let him fool you.

- **>** Borderline

Depending on your relationship with any given gang, be it a street, go-gang, thriller, or even prison gang, there are ways they can be useful—not just to gain information before a run, but also during and after a run. Sometimes, they’ll help you find a safehouse and a complement of guards. Other times, you can employ them as a distraction, request fire support, or ask them for basic supplies. And unlike other criminal organizations, gangs are more likely to assist, provided you’ve earned that all-important level of trust.

- And woe to you if you break that trust. Some gangs barely have the resources to rob a devil rat, while others have a global reach that rivals the largest criminal syndicates. Break that trust, and you can expect a target on your back for the rest of your days.

- Chainmaker

- Also, don’t use or treat them as a disposable resource. Treat them with respect and perhaps they’ll return it and stand up for you at a crucial moment. But treating them as distractions or fire support isn’t going to give you an in, it’s just going to mark you as an outsider or potential target. Instead, bring them a solid score against a rival. Maybe help them when they want to carve off a bigger piece of territory. There are lots of good options here to really make it so you’ve got chummers instead of adversaries on the street.

- Borderline
