---
id: SO-0219
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'For Gamemaster Eyes Only: - Contacts and Corruption'
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## For Gamemaster Eyes Only:

## Contacts and Corruption

As a campaign evolves, so do the relationships between the runners and their contacts. The characters will be put into situations where they’ll need to rely on their contacts to help them out. Sometimes they’ll need help evading security and other times they’ll be digging for information. If those contacts never change, then they start to feel flat and one-dimensional, like mouthpieces for the gamemaster to dole out information. But what if that contact needs help because their kids just got in trouble, and now the fixer or talismonger is willing to trade information for the runners’ help?

While the screen time of the runs revolves around the runners, these NPC contacts have things going on in the background with their personal lives. Sometimes those contacts are going to be put into positions because of what they know or their connection to the runners, and sometimes they’re forced into compromising the team.

When roleplaying these encounters, use an Opposed Con + Charisma vs. Judge Intentions test between the runners and the contact to find out that something isn’t right. The runners know these people. Sudden and unexpected betrayal will not make sense. So, make sure there are ways the team can identify that something is wrong, but only if they dig for it. Relying on trust networks to see if things are still reliable for the NPC is a good way to ensure that runners feel the world moving along with them.

For example, the team is getting a crate of explosives from a Bilko at Ft. Lewis they’ve worked with before. This Bilko is acting a little cagey but tells them his commanding officer has been riding him hard. If the team knows the base bartender where the Bilko normally hangs out, they can find out he’s deep in debt with the local yakuza, and rumor has it, they’re after a certain runner team for disrupting their drug trade.
