---
id: SO-0222
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Trust in a Game for the Untrustworthy
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trust in a Game for the Untrustworthy

There are many interesting stories about a team working for a few months with a trusted fixer before the fixer decides to sell them out for a major payday. Or maybe their smuggler contact delivers some “surplus” equipment that’s nothing but worthless junk. If your players are new to Shadowrun, or to dystopian settings in general, these story elements can be a fun-buster and may not be the types of stories they want to explore.

The best way to handle this is to discuss the setting and game themes with the players before you start the game— you should specifically ask if players have concerns around the theme of betrayal. This section provides questions about their contacts, and we’ve listed them in a specific order to prioritize and assist with this. We’ve also included some supplemental information to help the gamemaster tell stories involving NPCs created by the players.

When it comes to NPC contacts who are created by the gamemaster, it’s still useful to discuss possible game themes and plotlines with the players. Things such as sharing secrets, lying, infidelity, and breach of trust can cause adverse reactions among some players, and bringing those themes into the game could have a negative impact on player enjoyment. As such, any rules involving turning contacts against the team is considered optional.
