---
id: SO-0182
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Getting an Instant Read
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Getting an Instant Read

Sometimes you just don’t have time to dig up information, or you’re unable to turn anything up. In those cases, you need to rely on your natural ability to read people, which, let’s be honest, some people simply suck at. Sometimes, you can rely on technology to help you take readings of the heat, carbon dioxide, and other ambient elements in the room to see if there are changes, or whatever. Some cybereyes are detailed enough to read a heart rate through the skin. However, these makeshift lie detectors can be easily beaten by those with training or natural ability.

The other way to get a fast read on a situation is to have someone who can astrally perceive. A dear friend of mine once told me they can read the mood, health, and other details from the various parts of someone’s aura. She told me about one particularly memorable interaction she had when buying reagents. The talismonger gave her some sob story about how they’d be losing the shop soon because they weren’t making enough income—and that was why the reagents were so expensive, of course. Unfortunately for the talismonger, their aura was steeped in greed and happiness and my friend picked up on that right away.

- There are various techniques that Awakened individuals can employ to sell the lie, so I wouldn’t recommend relying completely on this. But it can absolutely give you more information if you know what to look for.

- Winterhawk

**>** Slamm-0!

**>** It’s rhetorical.

**>** Cover

Whether you’re in a new city or just starting out, your biggest problem is not having an easy

Ultimately, your best method in getting a read on someone is asking a lot of questions. How someone answers while you look for inconsistencies is your best way to find out if there’s something, or someone, you shouldn’t trust. But just because someone doesn’t answer in a way you



want doesn’t mean they’re out to screw you. They may simply be trying to cover their own hoop in case things go sideways. Besides, it gives you somewhere to start looking once you leave.
