---
id: SO-0226
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Impersonator
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Impersonator

There’s a certain allure to being an impersonator. What kid doesn’t want to be an actor, entertainer, comedian, performer, or even spy? That’s possible if someone wins the lottery and is born with a SIN, not to mention if they have the drive, talent, connections, and resources to make it happen. However, most only have the opportunity, drive, and talent. They’re more often referred to as con artists, exploiters, scammers, swindlers, or base thieves. But, at the end of the day, they are all pretending to be someone or something else to make nuyen.

An impersonator is the master of being someone else. The ability to embody different members of society offers a wide spectrum of possibilities and experiences, from imitating a sly and cunning business tycoon to becoming a charismatic charlatan, then part of the non-descript serving staff so you can exit the gala without anyone being the wiser. This flexibility and versatility lets an impersonator craft narratives and interactions that are as diverse as the myriad of identities or personas they can assume.

**>>>Insert #19. “Impersonator” (½ page Color vertical character illo) here**


## Impersonator

**Metatype:** Human

| **B** | **A** | **R**  | **S**    | **W** | **L**  | **I**  | **C**    | **EDG** | **ESS** |
| ----- | ----- | ------ | -------- | ----- | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| 3     | 5(6)  | 4      | 3        | 4     | 4      | 5      | 6        | 5       | 5.18    |
|       |       | **DR** | **I/ID** |       | **AC** | **CM** | **MOVE** |         |         |
|       |       | 6      | <br>9/1  |       | A/I2   | 11/11  | 10/15/+1 |         |         |

**Active Skills:** Athletics 4, Close Combat 2, Con 7 (Impersonation +3), Electronics 2, Firearms 4, Influence 5 (Etiquette +2), Perception 4, Stealth 2. **Knowledge Skills:** Diplomacy, espionage, journalism, psychology **Languages:** English (Native) **Qualities:** Blandness, Stim Patch Allergy, Trust Issues, Weak Immune System

**Contacts:** Bounty Hunter (C3/L3), Former Mage Detective (C4/L3), Media Mogul (C5/L3), Nurse (C2/L3), Reporter (C2/L2), Security System Analysis (C3/L3)

**Lifestyle:** Low (1 month prepaid)

**Augmentations:** Hand razors (retractable, alpha), image link (alpha), low-light vision (alpha), reflex recorder (Close Combat & Firearms), retinal duplication (rating 3), voice modulator (rating 3, alpha) **Gear:** Autopicker, bug scanner, climbing gear, fake SIN (rating 1; w/ driver’s license), fake SIN (rating 4; w/ cyberware, firearm, and driver’s license), gas mask

**Vehicles:** Chrysler-Nissan Jackrabbit (spoof kit) **Starting Nuyen:** 140¥ **Weapons:**

Black Wolf [Rifle, DV 5P, SA/BF/FA, 5/9/10/9/1, 40c, w/ regular sling, 80 rounds caseless regular ammo] Hand razors [Blade, DV 3P, SA, 3/—/—/—/—] HK P50 Tactical \[Light Pistol, DV 2P, SA, 10/8/5/—/—, 15c, w/

concealable quick draw holster, 30 rounds caseless ammo\] SCK Model 100 [SMG, DV 3P, SA/BF, 10/10/7/—/—, 30c, w/ regular sling, 60 rounds caseless regular ammo]

When working, an impersonator will then use social manipulation to advance their plans. They


**==> picture [266 x 194] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
102<br>>>>Insert 14. “Negotiator”<br>(½ page Color vertical<br>character illo) here<br>SHADOWRUN: SMOOTH OPERATIONS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

can engage in complex webs of deception, negotiation, and role-playing based on whatever they currently need. Though not always as skilled as others at weaving elaborate narratives or deceiving adversaries, the impersonator will create complexity by using things like disguises and impersonation to achieve the same goals.

An impersonator’s psychology is another of their interesting aspects. To impersonate someone, they may have to become that person. Meaning and impersonator will have to explore the nuances of identity, morality, and the meaning of self. Wrestling with the ethical implications of impersonation or grappling with the emotional toll of living a double life is difficult to maintain; the dual identities could start to bleed into each other forcing an impersonator to do some soul-searching and thoughtful introspection.

Within a team, an impersonator face can provide versatility, social intrigue, mystery, and psychological options as well as provide a breadth and depth of choices that others cannot touch. Additionally, an impersonator need not always be transparent. They can, and sometimes do, conceal their true personality from fellow team members and only reveal their true identity and purpose once they have accomplished their task … if ever.
