---
id: SO-0154
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Effects
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Effects

The effects are pretty straight-forward. You get access to whatever system you’re targeting. It’s a veritable treasure trove of information, accesses, and capabilities. Blackmail material, technical specs, network layouts, employee lists, and future marketing campaigns. You can install trackers, sniffers, and keyloggers. You also may be able to use the access that you’ve gained to jump to other systems. Human resources and contracts usually have ties to other departments (like Security and R&D). And if you’re feeling particularly spicy, you can install a bit of code that reaches out to download components over time and assemble itself to do something in the future. That something can be a full system crash, subtle data manipulation, full data dump and broadcast, or even a systematic takedown of security systems. And even better, you might be able to sell the access you’ve gained to someone else once you’re done. Another bonus is that selling the access can put someone else on a spider’s trace list.

- While you might not be able to access what you initially wanted, don’t disregard what can be found with the access you’ve been granted. You can also use your initial access to start a different access op in the future. Turn your frustration into motivation to see what you can find.

- Glitch

- No kidding. Sometimes there are internal chat channels for employees. They may be referencing upcoming projects. And they may reference outside boards and virtual meeting spaces. Away from prying corporate eyes they might feel more comfortable speaking freely.

- Snopes
