---
id: SO-0052
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: The Intent Behind the Mask
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Intent Behind the Mask

So, once the meeting is underway, you need to start gathering information about (a.k.a. reading) your opponent so that you can formulate your overall strategy as well as adapt and hopefully implement strategies as things progress. As you get information about why they are looking for you, or where they want to meet with you, you should already be planning on what to do with that information. Can you check out the location where you are meeting? Can you determine what they know about you?

Most of us in this biz have cultivated a specific persona, something that we put forward like a mask to shield who we really are. For some, this mask is purely practical. We don’t want others to know who we really are—it’s one reason why street names are so prevalent. Other times, we need to literally be someone else in order to get the job done, or to cope with the realities of business.

Living in these crafted behaviors and beliefs makes it easier to fully commit to the character. One of my mentors shocked me when finally letting his mask drop after years of association. He was a completely different person from all our previous encounters. I thought I had a good read on him before, but I realized that it was all very carefully conceived and maintained. He’s an expert though, and I’ve found others to have small tells that you can read.

- Jolene has carefully crafted a façade around poise and business acumen. You’ll often find her heading up meetings of the Riverboat Alliance in New Orleans. Any meet with her makes you feel like you are just another line item in the ledger. It’s such a well-honed mask that I’ve not been able to dig any deeper. She knows what she’s doing and wields her influence like a honed blade.
