---
id: SO-0023
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Always Watching
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Always Watching

One of the inconveniences and benefits of modern society is the omnipresent camera, whether they’re security cameras, traffic cameras, or simple commlink cams. And that’s just the visual sensors. You can’t forget about microphones, Matrix scanners, and other sensors that record who’s come and gone.

Let’s start with why it’s a boon.

When you’re in your planning phase, those same cameras that you’re going to worry about later can help you case the place and give you information. Sometimes that means getting access to the host, but other times you can use some of your skills to convince a security guard to give you access to that feed for a bit of compensation. The same goes with microphones or olfactory sensors, which provide even more information about where you’re going.

- You don’t have to rely on the building’s sensors. Make sure to buy a bunch of sensor tags and be ready to go. Plus, there’s gear out there that’s better at hiding a camera or microphone so that you have control over what it picks up.

- Ma’Fan

- This only works if you pass the initial outer security. Presenting your fake SIN or some other form of badge also carries risks. And the forgot-your-ID routine isn’t really going to work as much as it works on the trid. Instead, expect to be turned away,

- Smart people check for bugs. That’s why I rely on drones.

- Clockwork



- Prepare to be disappointed, because you’re likely to discover that many cameras are really just for show. They often require uneconomical maintenance, and the SOTA system of 20 years ago remains in the corner of the room like a scarecrow.

- **>** Juice Box

- Disappointed? They should be embarrassed, but I see this as the clear reason that we do all that research before putting ourselves in harm’s way.

- T3chK1d

I’ve used photos from people’s MeFeed or P2.0 accounts to identify all the security guards who work at a facility. You never know when you’re going to be on some trid, soundbite, or recording that shows up in social media. Use that to your advantage. We found a dad who wasn’t making his child support payments by simply checking the feeds from his kid’s high school friends. Such a fantastic tool.

That leads to the other problem, that you’ll end up on camera whether you want it or not. That means you’ll need the right contingency plans or countermeasures in place to deal with it. Disguises are the first order of business, and the higher the quality the better—especially if you’re going to frequently operate in a specific area.

Next, you’re going to want to be seen on camera. I know that it’s counterintuitive. Be seen? Really? Yes. As soon as you start acting more secretively, it’s only a matter of time before you’re caught on a sensor and that’s going to look shady as frag. So, the answer is to look like you belong and make it appear like this is just another normal day. That said, you _don’t_ want to be seen in restricted areas. That’s where you’ll stand out more.

- Running in Paris, where Marianne’s thousands of eyes are on your every move, perfectly illustrates the importance of being seen and knowing not to act shady.

- Netcat

- Going back to the hi-vis example, you’ll be on camera no matter what you do. You’re playing a part, and that means you aren’t slinking around the halls. Instead, you need to have a really good disguise, so your face doesn’t end up in a ton of wanted posts or watch lists.

If you’ve been running the shadows long enough, then you’ve dealt with a mage saying that a good invisibility spell or spirit of air can solve all these problems. Personally, I haven’t found that to be true. Standing out on the astral is not my idea of hiding. You’re better off being smart about when and how you’re seen.

- Magic has been around for a long time now. People, especially security guards and Mr. Johnson, pay attention to any sign of magic use. And even with illusion spells being discreet in the astral, you can still be spotted by a spirit on patrol or the odd astral visitor.

- Winterhawk
