---
id: SO-0224
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Bodyguard
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bodyguard

To be the spokesperson of a group, one doesn’t always have to be good-looking or possess a silver tongue. Since the dawn of civilization, shows of strength have accomplished more than talking ever has. The term “bodyguard” is more of a catch-all term. A bodyguard could just as easily be a club bouncer or hired muscle. Regardless, the bodyguard is an archetype of security and fortitude that embodies the personification of protection. A bodyguard is not only tasked to safeguard another’s life or property, but they’re also the personification of trust, vigilance, and dedication. What makes a top-tier bodyguard, however, goes beyond their physical prowess. It’s also their integrity and an unwavering commitment to the well-being of their charge.

Typically, a bodyguard embodies physical strength. Sculpted muscles or extra ‘ware is normal for them. But their prowess goes beyond raw physical power. Their skills and abilities to anticipate and recognize danger are also keys to their success. A good bodyguard should always possess a heightened state of awareness capable of assessing situFACESations swiftly and accurately. They understand the nuances of body language and unspoken words that betray intentions, enabling them to preemptively defuse potential threats.

Silent yet effective, a bodyguard’s communication skills are unparalleled. A mere glance, a subtle gesture, or a brief exchange of words are often all they need. A good bodyguard is a master of non-verbal communication, capable of coordinating seamlessly with any team while maintaining an unobtrusive presence. Their words, when spoken, are chosen carefully, carrying authority and assurance. Effective communication ensures that the client isn’t just physically protected but also mentally at ease.

Professionalism is the bedrock upon which a bodyguard’s reputation stands. It requires an unyielding commitment to their own ethics. They operate within a unique moral code, understanding that their actions reflect not only on them but also on their employer. They maintain confidentiality, uphold the highest standards of conduct, and prioritize the safety and well-being of their charge above all else.

**>>>Insert #16. “Bodyguard” (½ page Color vertical character illo) here**

They understand that their duty demands more than just physical endurance, it also requires emotional resilience. Although the job may look like a lot of action, in reality it mostly involves standing outside a door, enduring sleepless nights, and bearing the burden of constant vigilance that requires unwavering dedication to the profession.

Bodyguards are not mere guardians; they’re the sentinels of peace, even if it’s forced. In a world often marred by uncertainties, the presence of a bodyguard isn’t just a luxury but a necessity—a beacon of hope, ensuring that amid the shadows, there is always light.

A professional bodyguard will require things such as a legal (or high-quality fake) SIN and license. Some employers may be less worried about documentation and only care about their skills, fitness, and knowledge pertaining to their role and duties.

Finally, bodyguards are typically responsible for planning their client’s travel routes to ensure that they arrive at their destinations safely or make a quick escape if a danger or imminent threat presents itself. To prepare for dangerous situations, bodyguards should note all building entrances and exits when transporting the client (also called “a principle”) to or from the location. Effective bodyguards are adaptable and skilled enough to remove their clients from harm and get them to safety before a threat escalates. Transporting clients away from potentially harmful situations may also require additional vehicle-specific training.

Bodyguard **Metatype:** Troll

**B A R S W L I C EDG ESS** 7 4(5) 5 8(9) 4 3 5 4 4 4.54 **DR I/ID AC CM MOVE** 10 10/1 A1/I2 15/10 10/15/+1

**Active Skills:** Athletics 3, Close Combat 5, Con 1, Electronics 2, Firearms 5, Influence 6 (Intimidation +3), Outdoors 1, Perception 5, Piloting 1, Stealth 1 **Knowledge Skills:** Architecture, professional bodyguarding, public relations **Languages:** English (Native)

**Qualities:** Built Tough 2, Compulsion 4 (Checking Physical Security), Dermal Deposits, Finesse, Honorbound (Protect the Principle), Muscles **Contacts:** Corporate Wage-Slave (C4/L4), Ork Rocker (C3/L4), Veterinarian (C2/L4), Bartender (C1/L3)

**Lifestyle:** Middle (1 month)

**Augmentations:** Commlink (Hermes Ikon) (alpha), cyberarm (obvious right, agility 5, strength 9, implanted Ares Predator VI), cybereyes 3 (w/ camera, flare compensation, image link, smartlink, thermographic vision) **Gear:** Actioneer business clothes, fake SIN 3, medkit 6, survival kit, trauma patch

**Vehicles:** Harley-Davidson Scorpion **Starting Nuyen:** 235¥ **Weapons:**

Ares Predator VI [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA/BF, 10/10/8/—/—, 15c, in cyberarm, 100 rounds caseless ammo]
