---
id: SO-0421
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Expanded Teamwork Tests
page: 157
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Expanded Teamwork Tests

One way to make sure the less-socially-inclined player characters have something to do during scenes that involve a lot of social interactions is to expand the possibilities for Teamwork tests. Traditionally, Teamwork tests require all participants to use the same skill, but what if a teammate doesn’t have the right skill? One option is to default to an attribute, though that’s as likely to result in a Critical Glitch as to help. There are plenty of circumGAMEstances in which multiple skills might work well together.

In a standard Teamwork test, the leader uses a specific skill and everyone assisting also needs to use that same skill. On an expanded Teamwork test, the leader uses the appropriate skill for the circumstance (usually determined by the gamemaster) and everyone assisting either uses that skill or a different skill or dice pool that complements the action the team is attempting. There’s no set list for which skills or dice pools can be used to assist other skills because the combinations are as varied and endless as the different possibilities for scenarios and situations. Ultimately, it’s up to the gamemaster’s discretion whether a skill can be used on an expanded Teamwork test.

We’ve provided some examples below. This isn’t a definitive list of what is and isn’t possible in every circumstance. If a player suggests an option for assisting with a Teamwork test that fits the situation, then it should be considered. It’s ultimately up to the GM whether a skill or dice pool is the right fit, but if the situation calls for it, the gamemaster is encouraged to be more open to allowing a combination than to deny one. Also remember the leader of a Teamwork test can only accept a number of bonus dice equal to their ranks in the skill they’re using, so allowing a player to participate is not going to cause an imbalance in the game. Even if the leader already has the maximum number of bonus dice from teammates, this gives players more opportunities to role play their interactions while working together as a team.
