---
id: SO-0152
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Elements
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elements

While you don’t need to be a hot-shot decker to pull this off, you will need a modicum of technical know-how. Because like all cons, this needs to be believable. And you need to have what you want prepped and ready to go. Your window’s countdown starts as soon as you begin, and you want to be as quick as you can. Less chance of an overwatch or spider finding you. If you’re targeting a business or government facility, it pays (literally and figuratively) to do a little recon beforehand. Knowing their basic technology security protocols will make it easier to trick your mark. As an example, reaching out to an employee, claiming to be part of the network security team, while the company is in the middle of updating their zero-trust architecture process will make your pitch more believable. They’ll be more likely to give up their credentials and give you access.

- It’s always a good idea after you’ve gained access to display a “Support Session has Terminated” kind of message after you’ve finished your work (backdoor installation, data download, etc.). It closes the loop. And they’re less likely to remember anything specific if questioned down the line.

- Slamm-0!

- And make sure that whatever happens, you cover your tracks. Corps have a lot more resources to track you down. And their memories are long.

- Baka Dabora

- Haze
