---
id: SO-0196
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Trust Networks
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Trust Networks

Besides using something like Shadowland BBS, a player character can always work their contacts for information on another person. The shadow community within any given sprawl isn’t just a group of isolated individuals who only interact with the runner team. Instead, they tie together in a complex web of alliances and rivalries. This means that when a team is introduced to a contact, that person is probably a known quantity somewhere in the shadows. The team can start calling around to see if that contact is going to be worth their time or if they’re simply a liability waiting to happen.

When creating a new non-player character, first select one or more Contact Types (p. 160–161, _Sixth World Companion_ ) who know about this new character. Second, select their location, since an NPC is known based on where they operate. This location may come into play if the NPC has just arrived where the runners are operating, and the team wants to learn more about that individual’s past. Optionally, a third set of details about an NPC includes a list of other characters who know them, and if they’re considered a rival or ally.

A player character using their network to learn more about another contact uses the legwork rules in Contacts (50–51, _SR6_ ) and Using Types (p.



**==> picture [154 x 31] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> > > Insert illo #11. “Staying<br>Cool” (½ page Color horizontal)<br>here<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

161–162, _Sixth World Companion_ ). The character must use a relevant contact type, or someone in the list of specific NPCs who knows about the contact-in-question. Allies and rivals automatically gain 3 hits on the legwork table (p. 50, _SR6_ ) and add any additional hits from the Connection + Connection test to the results.

The information this networked contact will share with you depends on a combination of Loyalty and favors owed. In the absence of this, the contact may inject additional information that paints the target in a more positive or negative light, based on whether the contact you’re asking is a rival or ally of the target. Depending on how deep the gamemaster wants the paranoia to run, the layers of trust could be deep and troubling. Information on this can be found in For Gamemaster Eyes Only: Contacts and Corruption.
