---
id: SO-0109
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Effects
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Effects

On its own, the Honeypot is just a great way to get laid. That’s where the Babies play in, lookSNARESing for a sponsor to support them while they keep them titillated. Its real value for runners is in being a component to larger plans. Access is the big ticket, and probably the most common.

Working your way close to a target for wetwork (not my thing, but whatever) is a classic, sometimes called a Black Widow. The benefit should be obvious: The target is literally stripped and bare. If you’ve got them all cuffed up for playtime, they couldn’t possibly be more vulnerable, so you can do it how you like. That said, you don’t have to kill them. I can’t remember if there are fancy names for variants on the play, but a tied-up mark is easier to rob, kidnap, interrogate, or humiliate. Plenty of blackmail shots to be snapped when the mark is blindfolded, bound up, and covered in candle wax.

**>** … go on. **>** Prime Runner

If you’re integrating things into a larger play, a Honeypot can get you invited to exclusive events, allowing you to ride on the credentials of someone with juice to open multiple doors. Need to get to a gala to extract the mark or get inside to let the rest of the team in? Just get a date. You want a tour of the facilities where they work? While they’re busy trying to impress you, you’re mapping it out noting hard and soft points in security. And of course, if you’re Salting, the Honeypot can help push the mark into accepting the gig.
