---
id: SO-0412
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Professional Note 07: Negotiation'
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Professional Note 07: Negotiation

Negotiation isn’t just about getting the best deal for your side. Sometimes it’s about telling the other side what a good deal they’re getting. In this case The Professor was successful in his negotiation because he understood his opposition’s position and what would benefit her, and he was able to leverage that toward accomplishing his ultimate goal. It also helps that he apparently did a lot of research into his opponent. He certainly didn’t give the spirit everything that she wanted. But he established that both sides had merit and value. He was willing to sacrifice so that the spirit felt that she had agency within the negotiation and was prepared for realistic outcomes.

**>** What the frag is see-za? And does pepperoni go on top?

- Stone

**>** It is the traditional, formal way to sit in Japanese culture.

- Baka Dabora

Peering through the veil of the astral plane, I was almost blinded by the immense shimmering light emanating from the stone tablet on the table, and although the light was overwhelming, I could just barely make out a spectral figure in the center of the room. The vestige of a grandmother floated next to the tablet. Long silvery hair trailed behind her, and a traditional Komodo melded into the spirit’s lower half, forming a long ghostly tail.

“What would one of your kind have to say to me, thief?” said the spirit, her voice a weeping wail.

“You do hold something I want, but I am no thief. I have come to bargain,” I replied while maintained seiza. I reached under my coat, drawing an ancient katana. I bowed my head once more and held the sword in offering. The Koto-era blade was exceptionally well maintained, but not ornate.

This was a warrior’s weapon.

“Thief!” The spirit bellowed as she rose higher into the room, rage spewing crackling darkness from her astral form. “Where did you get that?!”

I raised my voice in volume, but not in disrespect., “I purchased this blade at an auction in Prague. I believe it holds great value to the Masatoshi clan.”

The spirit approached me and looked down upon the outstretched sword. “This was my grandson’s sword.” The spirit’s rage slowly melted into sorrow. “It was lost ... long ago.”

“And I return it to clan Masatoshi now, fully intact and in good faith,” I replied, my head remained bowed and avoiding eye contact with the spirit. “I offer trade. Sugaya Hannojō Masatoshi’s blade in exchange for the artifact that you stand watch over.”

“I cannot forgo my charge, no matter what deal you present.” The spirit rather flatly informed me.

“I would not attempt to trick you into breaking your charge. You are far too powerful for that,” flattery is like salt; a little goes a long way, and I didn’t want to use too much. “However, I believe your charge is as a protector of the Masatoshi clan, not as a guardian of that artifact.” This gave the spirit pause, and the darkness emanating from her lessened as she contemplated my words. “I’m sure that you have sensed the danger that this artifact could bring not only to the Masatoshi Clan but to the world itself. The sword I present in exchange is a matter of honor, one that can only benefit the Masatoshi clan.”

“It is true that, at times, my descendants’ arrogance supersedes their reach. But the terms are unbalanced. I cannot exchange such a power for only the sword. I will need more from you.”

I knew this was a possibility. I certainly didn’t like it, but I was prepared for it. “I also offer myself to serve as a retainer to the Masatoshi clan for one month. Date of service to be determined as needed.”

The spirit’s form shifted back to the vague old grandmother, “One year.”

“Six months ... six continuous months. Once the clock starts, it does not stop until my debt is paid.” I understood fully well the devil’s deal that I was making, but I also understood the potential held within the tablet lying on the table.

“The terms are acceptable. Leave my grandson’s weapon here, and you may take the tablet.” I stood and pulled out a special cloth bag with arcane symbols and runes embroidered and carefully slid the surprisingly light stonetablet inside. The swarm of microdrones then followed. The symbols and runes began to glow, but then quickly faded as the protective ward was sealed. I turned to the spirit and bowed as the white door to the vault burst open, and Renraku security flooded into the room. The spirt’s smug grin was the last thing I saw before the security guards’ batons carried me away into unconsciousness.

I awoke sometime later and found myself bound, stripped, and hung upside down, gently swaying in the air-conditioned breeze of one of the security interrogation rooms. A bit chilly, perhaps, but all things considered, the breeze was quite nice. Definitely better than the sweltering heat of the Neo-Tokyo summer outside. As I was contemplating the temperature swings of Tokyo Bay, two very large security personnel entered the room. Both men were dressed in dark suits, and although I was pretty sure one of them was an ork, the two looked so similar I was quite frankly unsure as to which one.

“I assure you, gentleman, I have a very low pain tolerance,” I started in my most disarming Mississippi drawl. “It is my desire to get out of this room as quickly as possible and as healthily as possible. I will tell you anything you need to know.” Before I could finish pleading my case, the large steel door swung open once again, and Masami Naka, Director of Operations and second in command of this facility, walked into the small room.

“Director Naka! Good afternoon. It’s a pleasure to meet your acquaintance. I apologize for the circumstances of our meeting; I would have preferred a much more hospitable environment.”

“I’m sure you would, Professor Shiloh. Unfortunately, your actions today have warranted such conditions.” Director Naka wore a conservative yet very exquisite dark gray Yohji Yamamoto-brand business suit. The only splash of color was a seemingly freshcut red zinnia pinned onto her right lapel.

“Ah yes, about that. I was just explaining to your compatriots that I have no desire to stay in this particular predicament for any longer than necessary. Thus, I am willing to fully cooperate with any and all lines of questioning that could expedite this process.”

“That is very good to hear, Professor Shiloh. I do not enjoy violence. If you are cooperative and truthful, I will make this process as quick and painless as possible. Make no mistake however; I have no qualms in using any means at my disposal in extracting the information that I need from you,” she said. To punctuate her point, she nodded at the leftmost of the two security guards. The possibly ork guard reached into the breast pocket of his dark suit, and his hand emerged, shrouded in crackling electricity.

“I assure you that is not necessary!” I managed to bellow before the glove made contact. I have to
