---
id: SO-0048
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Envy
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Envy

Envy comes in as the strange lovechild of Greed and Hate, as it combines elements of both. Hate seeks harm, Greed wants something. Envy wants something someone else has and is willing to cause harm to them to get it. Maybe it even wants to.

- Sounds like literally every extraction and datasteal.

- **>** Prime Runner

- A megacorporation is the apotheosis of immorality.

- **>** Chainmaker

- Really focused on the Humanis element here, huh?

- Kat o’ Nine Tales

- It’s where I have the most experience. Zaibatsus aren’t exactly based on hate. Humanis’ heart is Hate.

- **>** Red

- I remember this old anime that said, “Give evil nothing to oppose, and it will destroy itself.” No, it’ll simply find a new target.

- **>** Chainmaker

- Hate consumes its master, so that its master consumes others.

- Many-Names

- See, that’s a lot better.

- Chainmaker

- Getting perilously close to sounding like Many-Names, Chain …

- **>** Slamm-0!

Where Greed is impersonal and goal-oriented, Envy has a pair of specific targets: the thing they want and the person who has it. Where Hate seeks to destroy, Envy wants to take something. They feed into one another, resentment born of covetous longing, dreams of acquisition fueling increasingly dark plans for the personification of the obstacle to them getting it. The cycle generates emotional energy, a friction that coils like a spring, tighter and tighter. Over time, it starts to consume more and more energy, whether obsessMAPSing over relief or fighting to contain it from exploding outward.

- I’ve heard so many people try to justify it, and it makes me sick every time. At least megacorps are impersonal about it.

- **>** Snopes

It’s important to note that what the target has isn’t always a physical person or object, sometimes it’s ephemeral or abstract states. Envy for status, lifestyle, perceived luck, happiness, power, or magic are all just as viable a vice as anything. In some ways, this is by far the more dangerous variety, as intangibles, such as metaphysical or social qualities, are infinitely harder to separate from the target of Envy, resulting in rather extraordinary theories about how to get what they have … or punish them for having it.

- You want to sell some snake oil? Fake magic is older than the Awakening.

- Lei Kung

- There are more than a few Awakened cults out there who think they can sacrifice mages and steal their power for themselves.

- **>** Nightfire

- In the case of the **Book of Gaf** , they might be right …

- **>** Winterhawk

Weaponizing a mark’s Envy is first about identifying their coveted prize, and then (like the others) placing yourself in a position to provide it for them. From there, it’s much the same. The difference is that Envy can be highly motivating for the mark to act more like themselves, making this a great way to discredit someone by incriminating them as they follow your plan. The other difference is that the bait is almost always something more intimate than the ambiguous source of power Greed wants. It’s likely something (or worse, someone) specific they can wrap their dreams around possessing. That means you may need to make allowances to ensure the safety of the bait if that’s an issue. Trying to get the deed to a property isn’t as perilous as trying to steal someone’s husband.

- So, Envy is springing a trap that’s already set in the direction you want? Sounds easy enough.

- Whippit

- Sure. Say that the next time you step on a landmine.

- Beaker
