---
id: SO-0019
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Dumpster Diving
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dumpster Diving

When most people talk about doing pre-run legwork, they’re typically referring to talking with contacts, on-site recon, or hacking secure hosts. Another option, though, is to go through what people and corporations throw in the trash. Information security experts have been telling us for over a century to properly dispose of our secret documents or items. If you go far enough back in history, you’ll see that people burned papers to avoid leaks. Even so, most people still do a terrible job at protecting secure documents and data. I’ve personally been involved in situations where a good dive through someone’s trash led to excellent paydata or helped me plan a run.

So, what kinds of things have I found? I’ve found torn uniforms that just needed a little sewing and laundering to get them back up to snuff. Once, my team found a datachip that contained the next month’s guard duty schedule, and that one of the staff was allergic to imitation shellfish. Another time we found evidence of an exec having an affair with their kid’s nanny. It’s really a bit of a crapshoot, but when you find good data, you’ll be glad you went diving.

- Most of the time it’s going to be a bust, but it costs you nothing but time. Maybe dignity if you still have any.

- Borderline

- Like going through a sewer to get to a target is any better. As long as it works, anyway.

- Hard Exit

- I did find a nice Ares Predator once.

- Lanyap

- You know that was probably used in a crime.

- Legal Eagle

- Sure, and it was used in other crimes after I got ahold of it.

- Lanyap



Now, what does this have to do with being a face? To be honest, not much. With the right incentive or compensation, you can convince someone else to do the literal dirty work for you. But sometimes you have to suck it up. Dress the part and no one’s going to notice you rummaging through the garbage. In fact, most people will actively look the other way and avoid eye contact if possible.
