---
id: SO-0094
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Scaling
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Scaling

Since the basic premise of phishing is about passing yourself off as a professional, it’s plausible to do it in person with a uniform or other convincing details. But that’s not phishing in the way I understand it, so I’ll leave that to other cons to describe.

A classic version of this is the one you’re probably familiar with: spam. Canvas the net with fear-mongering messages about their account getting hacked or go a little more focused and use a consumer list, hitting them with your letterhead and seeing who bites. I’ll bet one of my Panthers that your junk email has a whole bunch of these right now. This is what data breaches and mining are for, and your sold metrics are used for these mailing lists. You’re not going to click on a link about the car you don’t own, but you might hesitate for a moment if it’s for a service you actually use. Enough people let that hesitation guide them to turn a little profit out of the work, but you never know what you’re going to get, so that’s a skimmer with random results.

Phishing a specific target needs more detail about them, especially if they’re higher up the food chain. More power, more paranoia, so you need an approach they trust. That said, it’s not that different. After all, even execs need tech support.

- Heroes with lead pipes and Predators, eh?

- X-Star

- Hah! You think The Star was offering any real protection in Redmond? Someone’s gonna take the job.

- King Jamon

Security with legitimacy, particularly small private concerns, operate from a position of inherent paranoia. No one has protection unless they feel they have something to protect. The item in question may be of use to you, and might be your ultimate objective, but this is about weakening security. How you use that is up to you.
