---
id: SO-0043
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Sloth
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sloth

One of the most common sins, Sloth is the desire to avoid labor. This could be the underpaid rent-a-cop, the spoiled yakuza prince, or really anyone who takes comfort in the conformity of routine. In essence, Sloth would rather not put in extra effort. Potentially, they’d ignore a problem if it’s not directly affecting them. It won’t bother their conscience or stoke their fear of reprisal if it’s outside their perceived responsibilities.

I hesitate to call this laziness, because laziness doesn’t encompass the entire spectrum of Sloth, though it certainly lives under its umbrella. Laziness can’t be bothered. The easiest example of this is the security guard working a double, whether corporate or syndicate. Even outside the bounds of direct interaction, you might see their relative indifference as a larger-than-usual threshold of reaction. They simply need more motivation to get up and do their job. It’s possible they may be slower on the draw once that threshold is crossed, but you can’t count on that being packaged in. With these types, as the Count of Monte Cristo might put it, “Neglect becomes our ally.” Social stealth is your best bet here. Blend in, be part of the routine, don’t be a bother. If you must engage, present a mundane abundance of labor they’d rather avoid—busywork that, to their mind, isn’t worth all the hassle. This might be an overcomplicated pile of forms to sign, or a series of calls for authorization they should make to get clearance for something very normal or harmless. I must reemphasize; the risk must be nil and the labor too onerous. It must have less worth than their rest, or not worth the work—the kind of mundane thing that happens every day. This succeeds most with deliveries, in my experience. A courier, vending machine restock, substitute janitor, temporary transfer to a low-or-no-security situation. Things that are very normal and less interesting than the score in the Seahawks game.

**>** Automation lacks intuition and initiative, but it doesn’t need motivation. Social hacking is just finding blind spots, and nothing’s better than system priority.

**>** Clockwork

There’s also Sloth masked in fear—the worry that something outside their area of operation is, in fact, a threat to them. Interference on their part may invite punishment for doing something they aren’t authorized to do. This is the opposite of laziness, and rather a kind of hypervigilance coupled with self-preservation and self-doubt. Here, your disruption represents a threat, but their response will be avoidance. Your move is to bully them, passively or actively. A passive bullying can be as simple as assuming a role with greater rank, causing them to give you a wide berth. This can take the form of a ranking executive or officer, a visiting dignitary or ambassador. If it’s got a shinier badge, more pips or stripes, or a better letter on the alphabet, that puts them on their back foot. This is where low-level forgeries are really handy, the ones that are surface-level and visual-only, social keys that open the shallowest of locks simply by virtue of being a key in the first place. Getting in your way invites trouble into their lives, and they’ll avoid that trouble by their very nature. This is the foundation of a Fire Drill con.

Active bullying comes into play when the fear is based more solidly on a lack of confidence in themselves. This one probably requires the most work of any Sloth play: Present yourself as possessing the competence they lack. You are establishing what the status quo is, and they will adapt to the new normal. It’s easier than questioning it, after all. Give orders and give them with the confidence of your own comfort, your own normality. That is to say, it’s normal for people like them to obey you. It’s important to let their fear be a passive motivator, rather than an active one. You’re not threatening them if they don’t do their job, but you will if you can’t do your job. You exert more gravity than they do, and they react to it as naturally as physics dictates they should. You are tech support, and they don’t know how their terminal works, so they get out of the way and let you plant the bug. You’re security and they aren’t trained or armed, so they go where you say it’s safe. Same for hazmat cleanup or a high-level courier. Be part of their world so they don’t question your presence and let them take comfort knowing they played their role just the way they were supposed to.

As you probably gathered, Sloth is best used for access, but it has other uses. It might seem like Greed at first, but some people don’t want money for power. Instead, they’d rather have the freedom to do what they want without responsibility. Get-rich-quick schemes harvest just as many people looking for easy living as those who have loftier ambitions. Don’t mistake this for wanting security, though. Everyone wants at least the baseline amount of resources for living. And playing on the hopes of people who’re gambling on a last shot out of misery have nothing to lose if you connedthem on that chance. Stick to the desire to circumvent effort, and you’ll not only hit marks who likely lack the motivation to chase you after the op, you’ll be able to take on a position of authority. They’ll give you control and access so you can do the heavy lifting, leaving you free to do whatever you need.
