---
id: SO-0153
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Tech Support - Posted by: Netcat'
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Tech Support

## Posted by: Netcat

This scheme has been around since the Matrix was known as “the Internet.” And as society has become more reliant on technology, the Tech Support grift has grown and expanded with it. By targeting the weakest point of a system (by that I mean the metahuman element), you can gain access to a plethora of different systems. From there, let your imagination and your decker run wild.

Targeting an individual or a group of individuals may take a bit of tailoring. But since there’s no formalized security process, gaining access may be a lot easier. And there are a lot of avenues you can take. Spoofing an email from their HOA with a link to an updated payment site. Peppering a neighborhood with fliers with link to a local festival. Calling the mark, pretending to be part of their network provider’s tech support team. The possibilities are endless.

- Tailoring the message to pique their interest or trigger their worry may give them the subtle push necessary to do what you need them to do. Product releases or recalls, teasing somebig event, the opening of a new multiplex. Put yourself in their shoes to come up with some good ideas.

- Plan 9

hidden and is difficult to identify if there’s a backtrace. If they have trouble kicking you out of their system, it could be cheaper to terminate your connection with a bullet to the cranium.

- Hannibelle

- Never underestimate the pull of politics. Especially if it’s a particularly spicy issue.

- Kay St. Irregular
