---
id: SO-0204
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Questionnaire for NPC Contacts
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Questionnaire for NPC Contacts

Player characters are mostly defined by their actions. The player controls the runner and tells their story through the challenges they overcome and the choices they make. But just as people are influenced by who they associate with, one of the most important aspects of a character is the list of contacts on their sheet. The gamemaster is expected to portray these NPCs when the runner calls them for assistance or information. For player-created contacts, the player can answer some, or all, of the questions below to help the gamemaster represent the contact as the player envisioned them as part of their runner’s backstory.

Gamemasters can use these questions to help maintain a consistent story and setting, especially in longer running games where the number of contacts is extensive. This helps give depth to the contacts, but also sets up player characters to answer questions when other players go digging into a contact NPC’s background, or if they want to take that NPC contact on as one of their own.

Not all the questions need in-depth answers. Some questions, like “What are your goals?” could be answered with something simple like the contact wanting nuyen. Detailed answers can help bring a contact to life. For instance, the contact that just wanted nuyen might have grown up in the barrens— and in a place like that, people often do whatever they need to survive, even if it means betraying some of their friends. That adds some more context and informs the gamemaster on how to play that contact. You just need to make sure the contact or any other NPCs don’t overshadow the player characters.

**What are your goals?** The contact probably has some life goals, although “none” is a perfectly valid answer here. Knowing the contact’s goals gives the gamemaster some information on what they’re aiming for. It also provides information about
