---
id: SO-0020
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Casing, Security, and the Metahuman Element
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Casing, Security, and the Metahuman Element

Okay, we’ve strayed a bit. Let’s get back to your hypothetical heist.

Knowing what security you’ll encounter in a target facility is of course vital data. Do they have regular or armed guards? Is there an HTR team on-site? If not, what’s their response time? What’s their physical security and access like? How do they integrate devices such as cameras, sensors, pressure pads, chemsniffers, and so on? Is there a security spider on duty? Any drones? What about magical defenses?

- One thing to find out when you’re looking at a location is whether systems are hardwired or wireless. I know wired seems old school, but if the buildings have the right infrastructure, the security’s going to be a lot better for them rather than relying on the host to protect everything. Mainlining straight into the host or into a device is still wiz.

- Bull

These are all questions that need to be answered so the real prep work can begin. Some of this data can be pulled from hosts or obtained via direct observation, but not all— this is where the metahuman factor comes into play. As I’ve said before, people can make for great information sources, if you can get them on your side.

Besides being sources of information, the key thing to remember is that people are the weakest part of any system. Automated systems follow rules and programmed protocols. They also have layers of defenses to make it harder, but not impossible, to overcome. Yet when you add a metahuman to the mix, you have inherent flaws that can be exploited. For instance, make a security guard stand all day next to a millimeter wave scanner and cause the machine to start giving a bunch of false positives. They’re going to get frustrated, and frustrated people make mistakes. Maybe that results in several people just getting a quick pat-down before heading through, or maybe they’re sent to an alternative entrance. Any of those can work to your advantage.
