---
id: SO-0474
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Enjoy this preview of - Dark Synergy
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Enjoy this preview of

## Dark Synergy

An upcoming Shadowrun novel By Russell Zimmerman

“Hey, hey, hey! There he is, finally! Good to see ya, champ!” Johnny Tsui crowed with his usual casual arrogance and professional-crafted façade. “Nice of you to join us! Jeez, what was the hold-up, Kenji? Did you swim all the way here, or did customs hold you up with some sort of... _VAT_ ...tax?”

Johnny Tsui certainly knew my background. He thought he was fragging hilarious, especially when he was being cruel. He had, in the time I’d been his subordinate, made so many jokes about vats, test tubes, and puberty, that the others now laughed along to curry favor.

His laughter rang out, but his flawless, plastic-fake smile never reached his eyes. Tsui was perched, half-leaning, half-sitting, on the edge of a table, making himself the centerpiece of Executive Boardroom Electrum. It was a sports-car expensive EvoTouch smart table, with integrated augmented reality overlay, a built-in top tier agent, 128-user mass-call capabilities, and full datajack and virtual reality support for up to a dozen people (of appropriate rank and proprietary hardware compatibility, of course).

Johnny rested his suit-clad ass on it and slapped the table next to him eagerly. “Get on over here, Yammy-Yams! Did you get the stuff?!” he asked, as though I would have abruptly left a meeting with our CEO— _our CEO!—_ and flown here without it. His face lit up with Christmas-morning eagerness. I knew his tells. The more frat-boy casual an act Tsui put on, the more intense he was feeling. He _really_ wanted this caviar.

“Good evening, sir.” I walked over, ignoring Moon’s super-casual lean against a nearby wall that _just happened_ to put an ankle in my way to half-heartedly try and trip me, set my briefcase on the tabletop, and opened it. “Mr. Kirilenko sends his regards, or at least he did at the _start_ of the talks, before I—”



“Yeah, yeah, yeahyeahyeah. K-Dog, regards, talk, sure sure sure. Did you _get_ the _stuff_ ?” He waved away my attempt at having a civil, professional discussion, and remained focused on his...snack.

“Sir.” I spun the briefcase to present it to him, and he nearly lunged into it headfirst to recover his caviar. “I apologize for how long it took me to arrive, but I personally feel our flight crews made excellent ti—”

“Shh.” He held up a finger to silence me without even looking my way, then busied both hands opening the tiny jar that cost more than the high-end Fairlight Caliban commlink that had been next to it in my briefcase.

I looked away out of ingrained Japanese-etiquette reflex, averting my gaze so I wouldn’t see him being so rude, so clumsy, so embarrassing. When I did, I saw Moon’s tail amusedly waving in the air. The catboy smirked at my discomfort. Nakano barely seemed to notice I’d entered. Seina pretended to be looking at her nails, but I knew she was using her cyberoptics to record the contents of my briefcase in case she might find some advantage therein. Pins and Needles gave me their usual dismissive once-over, decided I wasn’t a threat like they always did, and went back to watching the big screen that dominated the largest wall in Electrum.

I scanned the screen, too, and, for a moment, almost mistook it for a video game. The projection was a multi-input, multi-screen affair, firstly a top-down real-time image from a high-altitude spy drone triangulating with a bevy of smaller eyeball drones, and also a tactical-net first-person view, riding along with the smartgun of a shooter at the rear of a six-trigger squad. The cameraman was highlighted on the top-down image, and I ran a quick, instinctive search based on their abbreviated data visible on screen.

I put it together quickly. We were watching through the guncam of a lieutenant in the Evo Marines, nominally assigned to the Yamatetsu Naval Technologies warship _Shibanojuki_ .

Yamatetsu Naval Technologies was, in addition to being a premier naval and military manufacturer, the paramilitary arm of our corporation. So, a kill-team, then. A half-dozen of Evo’s stone-coldest shooters, packed to the gills with Evo’s most efficient transhumanist killer ’ware, tasked to Johnny Tsui by way of their ship assignment and, currently—I took in the scene with not a _practiced_ eye in tactical matters, but an _educated_ one—they were waiting, stacked up alongside a building, in standard formation prior to a tactical breach.



“All right, all right, all right, let’s get down to it!” Tsui spoke a little more loudly, one hand toggling a button on the edge of the smart-table, triggering the comms array. His golden spoon flashed in his other hand as he scooped out a generous heap of albino beluga sturgeon roe and popped it directly into his mouth. He chewed, swallowed, and flashed that newscaster-bright smile of his.

“We’re finally all good on my end, everybody! Kenji finally showed up with his, uh, contributing data! So! The op’s green, gentlethems, you are clear to engage!”

I blinked in shock as my overclocked mind raced indignantly. He had delayed the start of a tactical operation, leaving a kill-team twisting in the wind waiting for his go-order, until I had brought him the absurdly overpriced equivalent of some popcorn to watch the ”tridshow” with? From across the Pacific? And had _told_ them they were waiting on me, while vulnerable?

Benzaiten, Tenjin, Omoikane, and all the kami protect me, the _Johnnyness_ of this man!

As a fresh wave of irritation and disgust washed over me, my _Guru_ -class nanobiomonitor did its job. A gentle chime rang in my inner cyberear and a pop-up faded into sight warning me about my heart rate and blood pressure elevating, my shoulder and neck muscles tensing, and my cortisol levels rising. Instead of doing what my headware _Guru_ suggested and immediately falling into some breathing exercises and motion-meditation stretches, I glared at the displays and ordered them away one by one, along with most of my usual heads-up clutter; I wanted a good look at the screen as the tac-team started rolling.

I wanted, I _needed_ , to get up to speed. I hated not knowing what was going on, but nobody on this team ever wanted to explain things to the new kid. Why help a rival? I was still adjusting to Team Hafu and the cutthroat nature of this office, and none of them were quick to help with that adjustment.

Two of the Marines up front had underbarrel shotgun accessories on their short-barreled assault rifles. The action started with simultaneous trigger pulls. They fired, the lead Marine’s boot hit the door and kicked it from ruined hinges, and the kill team was on the move, all at once, as though the roaring boom of the door-busting twelve-gauges had been the starting pistol of a race.

The trigger-crew was, of course, made up of consummate professionals. I didn’t have a ton of training, myself—I’d never really gone beyond our mandatory _Exec-Self-Protec_ courses—but I recognized efficiency when I saw it, and these killers were efficient.

Whether I watched the top-down aggregate view piped to us from the drones or the first-person view straight from the officer’s point of view, every Evo Marine I saw moved with flawless fluidity. Every weapon was held at an upright and stable ninety-degree angle, each swung to exactly a forty-five

degree angle to corner, their footsteps were even, their balance was steady, and—thanks to their tactical ’net linkups—the team moved like one lethal, predatory animal despite discrepancies in size due to metavariations. They weren’t six disparate Marines fumbling with guns they were half-familiar with, blindly storming a building, no. They were a single twelve-legged predator, with six guns and six keen sets of eyes.

The Evo Marine kill-squad burst through the open door, rounded a corner, rounded another, sent a two-shooter tentacle to cover one hallway while the rest swept past going the other way, then reclaimed that pair who swept back into motion serving as a tail. When needed, the pattern continued, a pair of Marines swiveling to the left or to the right, the next in line continuing with their muzzles straight ahead without missing a step. A part of my supercomputer head idly learned how many thousands of hours they’d spent practicing such coordination in person versus in virtual reality; another sliver of my consciousness moved to compare the efficiency of their actions to our latest _EVOlutionaryDefense_ line of tactical skillsofts (brought to market by _ByDesign_ , one of Evo’s many brands). Those skillsofts were part of my assignment—when I wasn’t ferrying fish eggs from continent to continent—so they were never far from my mind.

It was easy for me, as an Evo Marine fireteam stalked through the halls of some unfortunate rival’s research facility, to zone out a little and think of it as though I were watching a skillsoft or tactical-relay-net demonstration. My attention span was still adjusting to a fairly recent suprathyroid treatment, but my thought processes were advanced and enhanced enough that I had grown accustomed to letting my mind splinter and wander—I had onboard subroutines and programs dedicated to letting me multitask, and I used them well.

Targets presented themselves in front of the Marines, and targets were masterfully gunned down. When the suppressed gunfire started on screen and bodies began to fall, I swept a quick glance across the rest of Team Hafu. Danny Moon’s tail lashed the air and his ears flicked back in annoyance at the sudden noise, silencers in place or not. I had already known he’d had his hearing augmented as part of his appearance package, but _now_ I knew he hadn’t had dampeners installed.

Tiffany Nakano stayed carefully neutral, but my facial and posture analysis subroutines picked up on an increase in tension in her stance. She didn’t react well to physical violence, even at a distance. I had heard from a smug Danny once that Nakano had barely stomached the gunplay that had gotten her cousin extracted from Renraku, and _that_ had been done purely for her benefit.

Irina Seina, meanwhile, watched with sharp, almost cruel eyes. She knew how these teams moved. She knew how to move with them, if she had to. One finger on her right hand twitched a bit as theshooting started, almost in time with it—her pointer finger. No. At that moment, it was a trigger finger. She was testing her reflexes against those of the Marine shooters.

Johnny Tsui?

He half-sat on the table, popping scoops of caviar into his mouth—every tiny spoonful costing more than an off-the-rack suit—and occasionally washing it down with a splash of his favorite Mizunara-aged whiskey. He was just enjoying the show. His years melted away when he was watching one of his plans come together. Decades of cutthroat maturity gave way to childish glee. From head to toe, he was the personification of the smug joy of a frat boy watching his team win, the easy pleasure of a schoolyard bully watching a nerd hurry to hand over his lunch money, and the simple excitement of a boy watching an action trid.

“Yeah, get ’em,” he grinned around a mouthful of white salmon roe as the gunfire began and the bodies started falling. “Oh-ho, nice one!” and “Two points!

“LT, pan back down,” he pointed with his golden spoon as though the lieutenant could see his excited gesture. “Oh, man, gross, that guy’s head is fraggin’ _wasted_ , ha ha! Lookit that canoe!”

I didn’t take pleasure in the violence the way Tsui did, wasn’t irritated by it like Moon and his toosharp ears, wasn’t stressed by it like Nakano, and I wasn’t absorbed by it like Seina. Violence and I didn’t have a very intimate relationship, so it never got a strong response from me. Why should I care about some other corporation’s security staff being neutralized by some Evo Marines that were, themselves, nothing more to me than distant figures on a screen? I wanted our side to win, of course, and I was confident they’d be able to—Johnny Tsui was selfish and mean, but he wasn’t stupid, at least not stupid enough to send a team where they’d be torn to shreds—but it was all so very abstract to me.

Some rival executive at some rival company— Shiawase, Renraku, Saeder-Krupp, what did I care?—would wake up to find a report on her desk tomorrow morning, detailing yet another cost of doing business. Their report would include all the usual day-to-day information, and would include a few points of note, a few unusual expenses, a few unexpected-but-likely-within-margins costs. Some security team would need to send a memo to human resources to hire a few new guards, the office’s janitorial staff would have some unpleasant but not entirely unexpected cleaning to be done, a construction and repair crew would need to be contracted, perhaps some hardware assignments to replace any electronics struck by stray bullets, maybe an on-site hacker—a corporate “spider” responsible for inhouse Matrix security—would need to be replaced.

People died. Things broke. Research was lost. Employees were extracted. It was all part of the job.

It was all expected, accounted for, understood as some of what running a successful business demanded. Bills had to be paid, employees needed to be replaced, the algorithms tracking departmental morale had to be adjusted, but the company rolled on. Numbers in columns, internal reports, increased expenses for additional security measures. I’d never meet most of “my” employees face to face, and when I was being honest with myself or an _Industry II_ therapist, I admitted they were mostly just 1’s and 0’s to me, data, files to be updated, salaries to be paid, productivity to monitor. I cared about Evo employees in the abstract more than as individuals. I was kind and polite to them. I wanted their families taken care of after tragedies. I wanted their loyalty rewarded...but...at the end of the day, truly, deep down, I thought of them in the aggregate as parts of a machine, and little more.

How much _more_ distant and inhuman, then, were some _other_ corporations’ employees? They mattered to me even less as people, in that all of their productivity benefited some other company, one that was no doubt expressly, constantly, mercilessly warring against Evo and all that we stand for.

So, no. The violence on screen didn’t bother me. Our loyal team of well-trained Evo Marines knifed through the office, pounding unlucky security guards down with tight bursts of accurate carbine fire, covering one another, moving smoothly and efficiently, and I watched them do so without flinching or shying away. I kept one proverbial eye on the kill-screen, the other on the never-ending stream of data that flowed through...my...my... _wait_ . “Wait.” I spoke before I realized it.

Moon flicked an ear. Tiffany raised an eyebrow. Irina never looked away from the violence on screen.

My mind and memory raced, hastily crafting a mental construct of the building the Evo Marines were assaulting pieced together by their progress thus far and my own estimates of distances and room sizes. I scanned databases of regional Evo properties, flashing through floorplans and blueprints until...

I got a match. It _was_ one of ours! A long-mothballed facility, currently registered as empty—either a clerical error or a cover for deeply secret research—but definitely an Evo building. “Sir!”

“What?” Johnny squinted my way, irritated that I’d interrupted his show. The golden spoon was set aside, at least momentarily, he had his trademarked lighter in his hands. He snapped it shut, click-clack, loudly, as if to punctuate his bother at my daring to speak. His hands couldn’t decide which vice to indulge in.

I reached out with my mind and my hand, augmented reality trackers in my cybernetic fingers grasping the data I concentrated on the hardest and broadcasting it to a side wall-screen while the attack continued on our main display. First up, I shared a briefly animated pair of images showcasing the floorplan mock-up and its matching facility. Then, for additional proof, I grabbed a snapshotstill-frame of the latest casualty right off the live stream, and slid it off to one side while zooming in with a twist of my wrist. My headware processed and I widened my fingers just so; on the side wall of the boardroom, my still-frame image enhanced, zoomed, and realigned, until it showed what I was afraid of.

There, spattered in blood and partially destroyed by a long autofire burst, cracked where the guard’s chestplate had shattered, stood _our_ logo.

“Sir, this is an Evo facility!”

I expected it to land like a bombshell. Instead, it hit like a wet fart. Nobody cared. They already knew.

“Uh, yeah. No drek,” Tsui gave a thoroughly careless shrug and turned back to watching the show he’d orchestrated. The action continued with another tight burst to knock a guard down, followed by a quick double-tap of shots to the woman’s armored faceplate to finish her off. One of _our_ guards. An _Evo_ guard.

“I know where I fraggin’ sent ’em,” he said like I was an idiot, scooping up more roe after all.

I frowned and flicked my gaze to the rest of the team, but none of them seemed concerned that we were all witnessing blue on blue violence, Evo on Evo, sibling on sibling, without even the slightest attempt at non-lethality. Nakano gave me a dismissive glance, then pointedly went back to watching the continued office invasion, steeling her gaze and staring down the violence. Moon smirked like he’d talked down to me instead of just hearing Tsui do it. Irina gave me the barest, quickest look, somewhere between pity and disappointment.

“Oh, oh, check it out!” Johnny Tsui smacked his palm on the table a few times to get our attention, as though any of us were missing the “show.” “They’re almost there!”

Eight loyal Evo corporate security officers had died by this point—died for certain, all of them having taken multiple point-blank shots to the head— and the Marine kill team was only just now “almost” at their goal?

I watched with growing discomfort as the team cleared one last corner and entered a mid-sized data-manipulation room filled with virtual reality pods. Four of the pods were occupied with late-working Evo personnel jacked into the Matrix. Unaware of the danger they were in, each was lying back in our meta-friendly, ergonomically designed reclining chairs. Their minds were far away as their bodies enjoyed the built-in massage technology, temperature control capabilities, and top of the line high speed connection for both ’trode sets and hardwired cybernetics.

The Evo Marines fanned out, one leveling a carbine at each employee, the last Marine covering the door. Their targets lay comatose and clueless, deep in the Matrix, simply Evo workers doing Evo work, without the slightest idea that they were in any danger.

_“Sir.”_ The lead Marine spoke for the first time as he stared down at the third helpless employee. His smartlink camera locked onto a human, looking to be in their fifties, dark haired and brown-skinned, with a row of datajacks visible on their temple even in the muddled lowlight of the vid-display. Data swept up onto the screen, tracking the shape of their skull, their height, and their identity-tags from an assortment of Evo internal electronics.

Hanako Purohit, Chief Research Officer. One of the greatest minds in Evo.

_“Target confirmed.”_

“Woo, nailed it!” Johnny Tsui responded exuberantly, waving his empty golden spoon—he’d only taken five small bites, I’d counted—overhead like it was a sword. “Great work, fellas! Unplug our genius there, wreck that hardware, and give two to the dome of each of whoever-the-hell-they are, the coworkers! You know the rule, gentlemen, no witnesse—”

“Sir!”

I opened my mouth without having meant to. My _Guru_ demanded attention. Indignation and heartburn alike flared in my gut at the thought of even more lost Evo personnel who’d done the company no wrong.

“Hold fire, boys and ghouls,” Johnny said, eyebrows high, staring at me with a mocking, fake mixture of curiosity mingled with wide-eyed innocence. “What is it, Mr. Yamatetsu? Is there something you’d like to share with the team in this brainstorming session? Be my guest! There are no bad ideas.”

His word salad of human-resources-approved suit-talk hit me like a shotgun blast, and hurt worse. For a moment, his scorn was so strong, and my lifetime of corporate training so overwhelming, I couldn’t answer.

“Please, won’t you share your thoughts with your peers?” Tsui gestured again with his tiny spoon, and I knew I’d see neither pity nor patience on any of their faces.

I pushed aside my fear and tried to keep my voice impassive, clinical, logical. “Sir? I have...concerns. Rapid eye movement indicators show those other employees are all still clearly jacked into the Matrix, full VR, and obviously the Marines’ hacker must have neutralized the building’s on-site cameras and Matrix security before I even got here.”

_Or they couldn’t have sat there waiting for the go order while you sat here waiting for your caviar,_ I didn’t say.

“Mm-hmm, obviously, right.” Tsui’s eyes widened as he listened raptly, nodding slightly, pretending to agree. Pretending to care.

“So none of them have seen anything, nor will they, without a security hacker to—”

“—no security hacker, right, yes, of course.” He nodded again, staring straight at me, holding eye contact as though I were a child babbling nonsense and he was being polite. I wasn’t, and he wasn’t, either.



“—alert them, and I’m just saying, sir, they’re not witnesses, then, logically. There is no good reason to shoot them, sir, and giving such an order is wasteful. The expense to Evo for such a—”

”No good reason,” and “wasteful,” I had dared to say. _Right_ to my superior, right to his face, right in front of the rest of my team. That I challenged him was a testament to how urgent I considered the matter, since it was, of course, literally life and death. The churning in my guts was a testament to my programming and conditioning, my knowledge that I was violating etiquette.

Tsui gave me a look I hadn’t ever seen before. Something sharper than usual—keener, more cruel. Then he smiled again, brightly, broadly, arrogantly, as he turned back on his too-cheerful manager persona.

“Great call, Yammy-yams! Hey, everybody, look at that TechnoSage headware suite making Kenji such a little smarty-pants!” Tsui gave me the fakest smile I’d ever seen, accompanied by a sarcastic thumbs up. His tone stayed upbeat, knowing full well his mocking enthusiasm stung worse than actual insults would have.

“Ahem, Lieutenant?” Johnny shot me a wink, but changed his tone as he toggled on the table’s comms unit again, speaking to the Marine officer. “Johnny here. Listen, the most bright-eyed, bushytailed, hardest-working fella you’ve never met, Kenjiro Yamatetsu, General Manager? Remember him, from before, when you were waiting on the go order? Yeah, well he has some concerns with how you and your boys in the field are doing your job. He just gave me the _best_ little reminder of how to save the company a few nuyen!”

I saw the vision-cam of the Evo officer shift as his body language did, I heard his ghost of a sigh. Tsui had done me no favors with our paramilitary branch, naming me as the reason for yet another delay, complication, or both.

“So let’s be good little salarymen and do the right thing by our beloved parent corporation.” Tsui’s voice could not have dripped with sarcasm more if he’d drowned it in a pool of the stuff with his own two hands. He snapped his fingers at me, then again, pointing at his eyes, making sure he had my full attention. Only once I was looking at him again, holding eye contact instead of watching the display screens, did he continue talking to the faroff lieutenant.

“No bullets for the inconsequentials. Instead, use your knives.”

He held my gaze, daring me to speak up again.

He knew I wouldn’t. He knew I couldn’t. He once again began twirling his lighter, and the action on the screen started back up.

I saw movement in the corner of my eye, Marines fanning out all around the broadcasting lieutenant, dutifully following orders. One of them zip-tied and tranq-patched the target, Purohit, unplugged them, and slung their skinny frame over a burly shoulder.

The others drew their mono-edged, tanto-style combat knives and did their jobs as ordered.

And all the while, Johnny stared me down while our colleagues from another branch office were, literally, butchered.

I looked away first, of course. Tsui stared at me another long moment to rub salt in it—as we heard the wet gurgles and splatter of pouring blood from the boardroom audio suite, then the cracking and sizzling of blades destroying the motherboards and hard drives of the high-end VR beds—and then gave me another mercurial, faux-sunny smile.

“Good lookin’ out, buddy.” He gave me cheerful, enthusiastic thumbs up. “Every nuyen counts, right?!”

I hated everything about him, and I hated how my years of corporate training made me feel guilty for doing so. I hated the ball of anger in my gut, hated the _Guru_ heads-up data warning me about my blood pressure and cortisol levels, hated that, in all my top-notch corporate education and all my intensive virtual reality upbringing before that, no one had ever told me what to do if I worked for a cheerful psychopath who was gutting our company for fun.

Their bloody work done, the Marines began their withdrawal, moving smoothly and professionally. Johnny was bored with this part of the show. He clapped his hands twice, and the lights in the boardroom flared back on, muddying but not quite entirely washing out the wall displays.

“So! Here’s the sitch, kiddos,” Johnny flung his little caviar spoon down onto the table, showing he was as done with his imported snack as he was done paying attention to his death squad’s progress.

“Tonight’s operation has just transferred one Hanako Purohit, Chief Research Officer, EvoDigit six four seven alpha four seven delta, from Evo _North_ America to Evo _South_ America. Purohit’s mine now. Their little head holds a wrinkly little brain with a _big ol’_ shiny computer, and all of it’s loaded like a steakhouse baked potato, chock motherfragging full of the goings-on of Mary Luce’s secret programs, like whatever-it-was they had going on at this place. Past tense.”

There it was. The reason for all of this. Scoring points against Luce.

Mary Luce was the head of Evo North America, the highest-ranked Evo employee who was actually _supposed_ to be in Seattle. I’d just been summoned across the Pacific not just to deliver a few scoops of caviar, but to watch Tsui deliver something of his own—the opening volley of an internal shadow-war. He wasn’t content just to poach Seina away from Luce, he was clearly out to do much, much more.

A sliver of my mind that irritated me right then reminded me that Mary Luce had been the only female member of the global board involved in the cloning project that had spawned me. Inasmuch as I had a “mother” genetically, Mary Luce was it.



Tsui hauled my full attention back as he kept on cheerfully gloating. “So, just as soon as a certain hard-working, door-kicking, hoop-fragging, Evo Marine squad makes a little delivery, Purohit will be joining our little family. Part of onboarding to the team is going to be a very extensive little chit-chat, and I’m not sure how long it’ll take to break him, but I will. And when that’s done, I’m gonna know just what the dickens ol’ Mary-Luce-The-Silly-Goose is up to!”

He slapped a palm onto the table excitedly after his little singsong. The smartroom was smart enough not to respond to it as though it were a proper clap.

“While I’m getting acquainted with Purohit and having my fun, I want you lot to keep on keepin’ on. Minimal management, maximum manipulation. We don’t let Evo South America sink while we’re focusing elsewhere, but we _do_ stay focused elsewhere. Half-ass your usual tasks, but mostly get back to work on Super-Secret Operation Emerald Shadows,” he said with faux seriousness, and snapped off an awkward salute, sarcastic even about his own paramilitary naming convention. “Farm shadowrunners. Work your meets. Ingratiate yourself. Find some jobs for local talent, give it to them, and up-pay by, hmm, eight-to-twelve percent. Milk runs, beer runs, easy-peasy escort work, small-scale, lowrisk, personal vendettas, whatever! Use your discretion! Hits against Evo North? Sure. Make yourself a few nuyen on the side? Whatever. Team Hafu _,_ listen to me: Daddy don’t care, just keep your assets hopping, cultivate talent, and make sure they’re going to want more serious jobs when we call.”

Of course he didn’t mind us profiting personally while we sowed chaos and honed our illegal assets to the razor’s edge. That sort of work, _this_ sort of work, was how Johnny Tsui had made a name for himself in the first place. Working as a “Mr. Johnson,”—a corporate agent hiring street mercenaries known as shadowrunners—Tsui had made himself rich, made himself important and, once upon a time, made himself the right-hand man of the director of Evo North America.

But Johnny, being Johnny, had gotten greedy. He’d stuck his finger in the wrong pie and gotten a slap on the wrist. His contract with ENA terminated, but not his life, he was then snatched up by Hideo Yoshida, and put to work for ESA before the market had even closed that day. Yoshida- _sama_ had respected his ruthlessness and abilities, back when Yoshida himself had been a mundane _Homo sapien sapien_ , back when he’d been more stuck in his conservative ways, back when he’d been hungry to see himself made chairman for a third time. Back when he’d paid attention.

In the years since Yoshida’s mutation, Johnny had only just maintained his official rank, violating protocols often enough not to be promoted, but in

the meantime accruing enough personal capital and influence that within the company he rivaled several people who nominally outranked him. He was, by my count, on his seventh second chance. Now, Tsui was ready to be more active again, pushing his luck, taking what he wanted from the Seattle shadows.

And I found myself thrust into the middle of it.

He said all of it, reminded them of their orders, as though I wasn’t there, or at least as though I _had_ been there for some earlier conversation(s). Being the rookie on Team Hafu meant not only being saddled with the long-distance busy work, but also meant being perpetually out of the loop and forced to play catch-up.

The good news was I was a fast learner. One of the fastest to ever live. No matter what they were up to, I’d dive in, catch up, and do my share for the division. He wanted us to establish connections to shadowrunners and get in good with them, until further notice? Fine. I’d pivot. I’d figure it out. I wouldn’t embarrass myself again.

“All right, everybody!” Johnny smacked both hands onto the table excitedly, one of them ringing out loudly with his silver lighter in his palm. The smartroom was smart enough not to mistake it for another clap-command. Again. A sliver of my mind felt sorry for the put-upon smartroom. “You kids stay busy, and I’ll get Purohit onto the team, chop chop!”

“Any questions or...” He stared straight at me, “...concerns?”

There was no anger in his voice, no disappointment, nothing but his usual mild sarcasm. That storm had passed. He was back to being his usual chipper self, upbeat, carefree, and enthusiastic in a hollow way. He kept up his manic middle-manager act, his excited dad at a barbecue routine, his frat house leader façade. I wondered, as I often did, if maybe it had started as a way to make people underestimate him or, in fact, as a personachip.

I didn’t answer him. Just like he wanted.

“Then okey-dokey, gang! Ramblers, get rambling! Get your skinny keisters the heck out of here, and get back to work! Show’s over! You can’t just hang out here all night, eating snacks and watching the trid, we’re trying to run a business here!”

He laughed and shooed Seina, Moon, Nakano, and me away like a lunatic, the smartdesk littered with his barely touched delicacies. He was staying behind to continue watching who-knows-what on the big screen, to say who-knows what to his favorite killers, to get their input with who-knows-what plots against our company.

I left the Electrum room first, feeling a wave of relief as I escaped whatever room Johnny Tsui was in, like I always did.

But, kami damn me, I still bowed to him before I left.
