---
id: SO-0406
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: \<Open File/Transcript Vega-02B> Dear Mr. Bloodstone.
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## \<Open File/Transcript Vega-02B> Dear Mr. Bloodstone.

I hope this correspondence finds you well. A mutual associate of ours asked me to write to you this evening in regard to that certain extracurricular undertaking that I was recently involved with. He feels that now that you have gotten your feet wet in running the shadows, if you will, you could benefit from an illustration of what a well-organized and trusted team can truly accomplish when they work together as a cohesive unit. Now, our mutual acquaintance assures me that you’re a discreet individual and will keep any information I divulge confidential. Even so, don’t take any of the names and or locations in the following dictation to be gospel, as I’ve altered them to retain some bit of anonymity and preserve my plausible deniability. But the deeds and actions are 100 percent legitimate, and I hope that you gain some level of enlightenment through the retelling of this little adventure.

Now, a bit of context before we begin. I’d become aware of a certain powerful magical artifact that was being studied in a Renraku research facility. This facility happened to be located in one of the dozens of Renraku skyscrapers surrounding Tokyo Bay. It goes without saying that relieving an AAA-rated corporation of their prize property from an extremely secure facility, in the heart of their hometown, certainly falls beyond the term “risky.” My team and I understood this. However, the potential danger of this particular artifact warranted the risk of life and limb. The large payout for services rendered didn’t hurt either.

Our first order of business was to gain control over Renraku’s eyes and ears within the facility. Augury, our technomancer and primary hacker, entered into the building through a series of Matrix connections (of which I can’t begin to understand). Their goal was to assume control of the facility’s surveillance feeds. I must admit I’m not much of a technophile myself. However, there are always ways to help, even if you’re not working within your specialty or primary team role.

We commenced the operation in the late evening. And although the massive building was a 24-hour operation, at this particular time in the evening there wasn’t much activity. Atop the Renraku skyscraper sat a faithful, if not miniature, reproduction of the historic Koraku-en garden. Augury and I attempted to casually stroll across the garden, both wearing navy blue Renraku-branded jumpsuits. Even given the monument to corporate greed and pain that this garden sat atop, I still couldn’t deny that it was absolutely gorgeous. The enclosed glass dome top kept the season a year-round temperate Japanese spring. Still, the massive garden must be constantly maintained, which made for the perfect cover. Two more groundskeepers slaving into the evening certainly wouldn’t raise any alarms. A few off-duty corporate employees meandered through the garden, trying to at least simulate some kind of freedom from their regimented existences. Augury also pointed out a slim jogger clad in the latest ASICS running gear rounding the long path on the edge of the plum grove. I am ashamed to say that Augury reached over and pulled the still-attached security tag off my jumpsuit.

“You lose focus in this game for one second ...” she reminded me.

“Yes, yes, and somebody gets hurt.” This was a common saying that I’d told the team during the workup for this heist. We soon entered the reproduction Ryutan rest house nestled in the center of the garden. The babbling brook that ran through the center of the open-air building greeted us with its calming tones. Augury knelt at the edge of the brook, presumably searching for a specific Matrix signal re-transmitter connected to the building’s network. In our research we found this particular transmitter was a tackedon addition, installed after building was finished to combat some odd local noise issue and provide a stronger Matrix signal to employees using the park. Far from any of the “important” assets, this was one of the least physically secure nodes in the building. This, of course, just illustrates the arrogance of Renraku architecture. The aesthetics of this faithful reproduction of the classical Japanese garden were more important than Matrix security.



- Or it could be a trap set by the building’s security spider. Something to consider. Because if it looks too good to be true, it usually is.

**>** Icarus

- Also never count on your opponent being arrogant or more importantly stupid. But always be ready to take full advantage if they are.

- Fianchetto

“Okay, I’m going in. Keep an eye out, and don’t let me be disturbed.” Augury said as she glared at me with young judgmental eyes.

“I have the watch Madam, please proceed,” I replied as she closed her eyes and dove into the Matrix.

We had done our research, and Augury was well prepared for this facility’s Matrix node. It was modeled after an idyllic Tokugawa period Japanese province, a digital countryside, with virtual rolling hills and small villages pulsating with information. Say what you will about Renraku’s corporate philosophy, but at least their theming was consistent.

The plan was for Augury to take on the persona of a Renraku employee, her virtual image a perfect reproduction of a shogunate soldier. As far as the automated matrix security algorithms were concerned, she was simply another mid-grade Renraku
