---
id: SO-0161
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Scaling
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Scaling

While this usually is used to make a quick buck, you may be able to offload “hot” or risky merchandise. Say your fence is looking over the latest commlink hotness that you’ve just boosted. They notice that there’s some very stealthy tracing software embedded in it. You need to get rid of it quickly and not have it traced to you. The Murphy Game is an ideal practice. And if you really want to be clever, slip into a neighborhood bazaar, flea market, or yard sale. The teeming masses may be able to provide confusion and cover. And if you’re really clever, you can hit the same event multiple times. Just use a different-colored van and a different person manning the stall.

- The real problem with a Murphy Game is that you’re burning bridges. Work a street corner, the opposition starts watching that corner. Offload fake links, they’ll chase you next time they see you. Try to move hot product through a fence? You just ended that contact, and they’ll talk to their peers. If you just burned someone with clout, you just poisoned everyone they’re friends with against you. They might even lay out the frontage for revenge. You won’t make what it costs you in connections and opportunity. Murphys are for burnouts or small-fries with no ambition.

- Prime Runner

- The street finds its uses for things, chummer. A Murphy is a nice prelude if you get a hit on a mover like a fence, or you’re making early burns on an organization. If you aren’t just taking the money and running before they open the box with the goods, it’s not the worst way to get into an otherwise secured location, say an arms dealer’s warehouse. If you’re going to burn them, burn them down all the way.

- Sparks


watching the markets. Buying low and selling high, it’s just like stock. While it’s arguable that currency was the first form of non-commodity stock in history, with more forms of corpscrip and national credit in circulation (and more volatility in both than ever before), it’s not too hard to pass yourself off as one such speculator and sell nonsense for nuyen.
