---
id: SO-0039
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Deception and Gaslighting at the Table
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Deception and Gaslighting at the Table

The nature of falsehoods is that they have a great capacity to harm people, whether in a game or real life. From short-term difficulties to long-term traumas, they’re one of the easiest and most readily available weapons to wield, intentionally or not, against other people. Some of the information here is gathered from sources as diverse as psychological studies to manuals on manipulation, and it’s more dangerous to both user and target than any examination of fictional firearms and spells. It is the heartfelt recommendation of the writers and developers of this book that you keep this in mind at the table. Make sure everyone is comfortable when lying becomes a major part of the game, and to keep those tactics at the table. The point is to have fun, and a good table will walk away with well-placed trust in one another. Nothing breaks up a player, group, or game like alienating someone who participates. And the people who deal in deception tend to reap what they sow. MAPS OF DESIRE // THE ANATOMY OF AN INCUBUS

**>** “Your husband died to keep you safe.”

**>** Snopes

- “It’s just a headache.”

- Plan 9

- “They’re monsters.”

- Red

- “I promise I’m coming back.”

- Fianchetto

- “This will keep everyone safe.”

- Puck

- “I’m fine.”

- Elijah

- Frag, guys …

- Gillette

The world is held together by lies. If you’re going to be a part of it, you’ll have to fight fire with fire.
