---
id: SO-0089
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: 'Phishing - Posted by: Bull'
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Phishing

## Posted by: Bull

There’s some among the net set who think real-time decking is the only real way to cut code, that the slice comes to-the-second. Heartbeat slash and crash, IC picking like you’re either a ninja or a nuclear bomb. Many burn bright, then burn their brains out picking a fight with the big boys. Personally, I blame Hollywood. Decking, like all simflick action, sacrifices the real-life grind and guile for slick effects and rapid pacing. I get it. I watched _The Scream Code_ with my son, and I was a good sport about it. But a good hack isn’t all about crushing binary. Sometimes it’s social engineering. A lot of it is, if I’m being honest. It’s slow and boring, but it’s how the pros make it to retirement, or whatever comes closest.

- Okay, Dad, I respect most of that, but you paused the trid every two minutes to complain. It took us four hours to watch a 90-minute movie. I love you, but c’mon.

- Tauren

- I will pay you cash and code if you recorded the Bull Edit of The Scream Code. I need this in my life.

- Slamm-0!

- Cash, thank you. The day I need your (or anyone else’s) code, I’m hanging up my deck.

- Tauren

- Boy…

- Bull

I’ll say this straight away; phishing isn’t just a hacker’s trick and there’s plenty of use in basic scams. The root of it is passing yourself off as a representative of some service and using that authority to get someone to “verify” information for you. You can get personal info, passcodes, credit
