---
id: SO-0013
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Get to Know the Locals
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Get to Know the Locals

One of the key parts of any run is going to be the location. The other team members, such as Matrix types, B&E experts, and riggers, are going to focus on the physical aspects of buildings—

- It’s a game with a stick and a ball and lots of people staring at each other. Either way, Slamm-0! Loves it. If you want to know more, data searches are a thing.

- Glitch

- I know what baseball is. I just thought it was a dead sport.

- Lav

- Matt Wrath likes to connect in the boxing ring.

- Matt Wrath

Venues will usually cater to a certain kind of clientele. For example, a neo-gastropub that offers secure off-hours workspaces for wageslaves to finish up a few things while grabbing a bite before _finally_ heading home. A cocktail bar mayoffer discounts to a local law firm, that in turn uses the place as their unofficial “after hours” negotiation-and-meeting location. Or a local dive-bar that offers the first round for free to the local law service providers because they’re tired of getting robbed. All this information is good to have if you need to make a certain kind of contact or connection.

After locating where a group or specific individual frequents, the next and trickiest part is establishing yourself with the potential contact. Other mutual contacts in the area can help you shorten this process, but in the absence of that, you may have to go in fast and hope that you don’t break anything. Or get broken in the process. Ultimately it comes down to putting in the time and effort to craft and cultivate those relationships and networks.

- I’m sure High Road will talk about it later, but we know that magic and drugs can expedite this process.

- Elijah

- Speaking of drugs, that’s a good way to gain leverage over someone. Thrown in some incriminating images and boom, instant connection.

- Kane
