---
id: SO-0189
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Meet the Staff
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Meet the Staff

Since this is all about trust, I figured I’d introduce the admins who run the new Shadowland BBS. These are the folks who fund it, but they aren’t the only ones involved. There are also a few staff who handle security and maintenance. It doesn’t seem like anyone is the ringleader, and they make decisions as a group. One of the admins has opted to remain anonymous though.

ChaOS is a decker who’s operated out of Los Angeles since 2077 as far as I can tell. He used



to be active but transitioned to more back-office work supporting field teams. I exchanged a couple of messages with him before posting here and he said his biggest reason for doing this was that he was tired of dealing with newbie runners bringing their heat with them.

Out of Seattle, we have SparX. He’s been actively working in the scene as a face but also lending Matrix support, leading me to believe he’s a technomancer. Not that deckers can’t be faces, but we tend to fit a type. While I couldn’t connect with him directly, T3chK1d relayed a story that showed me how well SparX understands the power of a favor. They once hacked a local beer distributor and arranged for a shipment of beer to be dropped at a gang’s clubhouse, just to earn their trust.

We heard about Spyder in the _Scotophobia_ and _Falling Point_ data drops recently. The Nexus is one of the places where he’s most active, along with T3chK1d. He’s been running in the Denver area for a few years now—and yes, I know he does a lot of work for Ghostwalker, but he can be trusted. He’s not the most talkative type, but to quote him, “Ghost damn it. I wish I had something like this when I started out. So, I figured put up or shut up.”

Then there’s T3chK1d, who’s one of our own. I don’t think he wants me to tell you where he’s been operating out of, but let’s just say he mostly operates in the CAS. He fills a role similar to SparX, but for T3chK1d, I think it’s less about getting what he wants and more that he can’t keep from lying all the time. Lucky for him, he’s good at it.

- I’m just gonna come out and say it, this makes me sick. This so-called “Shadowland” is an insult to everything the old system and everyone who ran it stood for. And while I’m far from a Matrix expert, the fact that that this host was just simply “found” didn’t raise any red flags? Are you all brain-fried? Count me out, and I know a lot of others who feel the same way. Oh, and you can take any of my “reviews” and shove them up your hoop.

- Old Crow


diligence on research, rely on their skills, and realize that even trusted people can be flipped. Paranoia itself won’t prevent this from happening at some point.
