---
id: SO-0191
source: Smooth Operations
chapter: General
topic: Shadowland BBS
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shadowland BBS

Before Crash 2.0, there was the original shadow community where shadowrunners would meet and discuss important topics in the biz. This collection of nodes highlighted breaking news concerning some of the major threats to metahumanity and helped runners coordinate. JackPoint was created by FastJack based on his experiences on Shadowland BBS.

But no host ever really dies. When a bunch of nostalgic deckers decided to spin up the idea for a searchable review site, what better name than the old home of all things in shadow biz. The group set up the foundation host in January 2082, and took all their collected data to seed the host. It didn’t take long for them to start garnering some attention, and death threats. They claim some of the data was dredged up through the Resonance Realms, which is why the information is so valuable.

This enterprising set of deckers created an anonymous review host where criminals can load in what they thought about a specific alias and location. Their goal was to make operating in the shadows easier by helping a user determine if Mr. Johnson screwed over the last team they hired, or the fixer went above and beyond allowing you to make safer decisions. Access to the host is available at User-level access by paying a monthly subscription. Your subscription level lets you use specially designed agents which can sift through the astounding amount of data and return relevant information.

Aside from the free tier, there are three levels that provide access to a different level of specialized agents. The basic level provides a rating 2 agent, premium provides rating 4, and VIP provides rating 6. These agents can only be used to mine specific review data for individuals in the shadows. This data includes runners, Johnsons, fixers, smugglers, and other types of shadow professionals. Anyone can sign up for a free account, but this only provides the ability to submit a review or purchase single-use queries. No user information is stored on the host, and reviews are associated only with an anonymized user identification number. There are no records stored on previously run queries either.

Note: The subscription levels do have a minimum Reputation level. Check with the gamemaster to figure out which factions this reputation must be associated with—this is generally a positive reputation within one of the shadow communities. Submitting posts and reviews will grant reputation, with a character gaining a point of reputation for every ten reviews written and accepted by the host.
