---
id: SP-0229
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Dutchville, Pennsylvania, UCAS - Status: Disian Stronghold, Location of Power'
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Dutchville, Pennsylvania, UCAS**

## **Status: Disian Stronghold, Location of Power**

**Dutchville is the location where the entire population and the UCAS III Corps were kidnapped en masse by the Disians to later be made into chimeras. But as signifcant as that event was, Dutchville continues to serve a more signifcant purpose as the Disians’ primary access point to the material plane. To date, it is the only known fxed and stable accessway to the Disian home metaplane, thus making it a primary target in the current confict.**

**The location of this access point/gateway is within a highly fortifed complex known simply as “Site 000” (sometimes also called Triple Zero). Originally constructed as a UCAS forward-operating base to investigate III Corps’ disappearance and subsequent distortions of the local manasphere, control of Site 000 was eventually taken over by Aztechnology and then later MCT, who has signifcantly and constantly upgraded the complex’s fortifcations and defenses.**

- **If you thought MCT’s Zero-Zones were bad, you haven’t seen anything yet. Multiple and redundant layers of security, any of which, if they are tripped, instantly destroy anyone nearby. Full stop. I’m not sure anything short of a nuke or Thor Shot is capable of even scratching this place.**

- **Brutus Ex-Mechina**



- **So, why not just get a nuke or Thor Shot?**

- **Flash Banger**

- **Okay, that is one of the dumbest things I’ve ever heard anyone say. You know who controls those things? The corps! Not gonna happen.**

- **Stone**

- **Wait, don’t we have at least three corps on our side now?**

- **Corporate Raiders**

- **Slippery slope, but not off the table.**

- **Rifleman**

- **Frag me.**

- **Scattershot**
