---
id: SP-0195
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Antarctica - Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Site of Power'
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Antarctica**

## **Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Site of Power**

**With the sum total of the continent’s current population comprising only a few hundred researchers and station personnel (all of whom are now employed by Aztechnology or MCT), Antarctica is frmly under Disian control. After their near collapse in 2080, the UCAS recalled all their people and abandoned their posts, leaving most of their equipment and research data. This enabled Aztechnology to move in to reinforce their positions, granting them almost total control of the continent. All traffc on and off the continent is highly regulated by Aztechnology security forces. The only non-Aztechnology presence is a contingent of Japanese scientists who are sponsored by Shiawase.**

- **Sponsored? More like spies meant to keep an eye on what the Azzies are up to.**

- **Johnny No**

- **Wait, aren’t they like at least nominal allies?**

- **Treadle**

- **Allies spy on each other the most.**

- **Thorn**

**The greatest threat located on the Antarctic continent is an Aztechnology facility that houses a**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**magical artifact of immense power. Known as “the Locus,” this artifact is being secured by a literal fortress that has been built over and around it over the past fve years.**

**While it is unknown exactly how the Locus fts into the overall Disian plan, its reported ability to channel immense magical energies makes it a high-priority threat. Numerous attempts have been made to both take and destroy the Locus and the facility. Thus far, all have been failures.**

- **He’s not kidding when he calls it a fortress. State-of-the-art anti-air and shipping defenses control all air, land, and sea approaches within two hundred kilometers of the Aztechnology base. At least two mercenary companies have tried to assault the base; they never got close enough to make landfall. Any ship that gets to close without proper authorization gets a quick trip to see Davy Jones. But I have heard rumors that one of those Japanese scientists may have accidently discovered an underwater cavern system that could lead anyone crazy enough almost right to the base.**

- **Kane**
