---
id: SP-0172
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Additional Background Information: Chris Morelli and Q-gene-9'
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Additional Background Information: Chris Morelli and Q-gene-9**

**Like other criminal originations, the members of the Mafa are pleased with the deal they have with Dis (or more accurately, their proxies). However, the Mafa families have been less than enthusiastic about some of the high-risk operations the Disians have requested of them because of the risk to the family or the organization.**

**Through their proxies, the Disians eventually found out what Morelli and the other younger Mafa entrepreneurs were up to. The Disian proxies informed the younger Mafosos of the potential backlash it could cause if their activities were revealed to the families or the world. Unfortunately, Morelli didn’t realize it was a bluf and is now in deep, meaning Disians now have leverage on him and everyone involved in Q-gene-9.**

**Disian proxies are using Morelli to stage operations or perform other tasks that they cannot get other organizations to handle. It’s more expensive to use Morelli as the broker, but so far he’s exceeded all expectations. Now in his mid-thirties, Morelli has had to burn a few corporations and assets, but the last decade has given him a wealth of experience, information, and contacts people twice his age don’t have.**

**Morelli’s current orders are to take out the Red Wolf (see the next section), who knows the Mafa is gunning for him but hasn’t fgured out who’s pulling the strings. Knowing the Red Wolf’s reputation, Morelli has been forced to take drastic measures to keep his identity a secret. If the Red Wolf or his allies discover Morelli’s identity, it’s likely his life will come to a violent end. But if he can come out the other side, Chris could be one of the most powerful Dons in the world. If he wants it.**

**Should the Mafa fnd out about Q-gene-9 or any of its activities, Mafa operations will be slowed down while they attempt to weed out all the rats and re-establish the status quo. Things could be worse for Dis if the Mafa fnds out that the Disians are going to destroy the world or that they are using the family’s next generation as pieces in their SixthWorld chess match.**
