---
id: SP-0240
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Metaplanar Gold Rush
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Metaplanar Gold Rush**

**For many reasons, access to the metaplanes has become much more available. It used to be that only mages would project there as part of an astral quest. In the early days, there was some consensus among hermetics that the metaplanes were a projection of a magician’s thoughts, emotions, and memories—like a dream world. Well, that theory has been blown out of the water. The metaplanes are now known as real places, other worlds that**

**are connected to our own world—and each other. And while they are most easily accessible to magicians who can project an astral form (initiates can just pop over to the metaplanes whenever they feel like it), you can actually go there physically. This used to be incredibly rare, but due to various discoveries of recent decades, it’s become much more common. And now we’re in the midst of something of a gold rush, as the megacorps and other various groups and entities see the metaplanes as places to gather resources from—expensive resources that are much harder to fnd on Earth, like reagents, true elements, orichalcum, and more. I’ll spare you most of the details, but looking into this to fnd out how big of a problem it’s going to be is what’s got me out in the feld again instead of herding cats like I’m supposed to.**

**The Draco Foundation fgured all this mucking about with metaplanar explanation would eventually kick over a wasps’ nest, and they were right. In this case, not so much a literal wasp nest—those are out there, of course, if you’re stupid enough to go wandering near the Hive—but something much worse. You see, greedy as metahumans can be, we aren’t the biggest and baddest stripper of resources out there. The Disians were out there, and they’ve found us. They harvest entire metaplanes, stripping away all of the mana and leaving behind only desolation. Apparently, our own plane—where Earth is—is extra tasty, and they’re aiming to gobble us up in short order. I’m not sure if this is the big one, the threat that old Dunkelzahn gave his life to keep at bay, but it’s bad enough that it could be. My guess is that it’s not, and there are even worse dangers out there.**

- **Worse? What could be worse than the Disians destroying all life on Earth?**

- **Clockwork**

- **The bugs are pretty bad.**

- **0rkCE0**

- **You sweet summer children. How I envy your lack of experience and imagination. Never change.**

- **Frosty**

- **If there are worse things than the Disians out there, maybe we could get them pointed at the Disian threat.**

- **Rigger X**

- **If they weren’t so busy groveling to serve the Disians, I’d suggest that you ought to sign on with Aztechnology. Sounds like you’d be a good fit.**

- **Neon Fireball**

- **Idiots.**

- **Moreau**
