---
id: SP-0121
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Unconventional Warriors
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Unconventional Warriors**

**Diversity has always been one of Evo’s greatest strengths, and during this crisis is no exception.**

**What others may dismiss, Evo embraces** _**and**_ **makes better. Standing at the forefront of inclusiveness, we do not discriminate. Be they metasapients or merged individuals, Evo will fnd a place for anyone who will fght back against the demon infltration. We welcome anyone with the skills or drive needed.**

- **“Merged individuals”?**

- **X-Prime**

- **New corp speak for monads. Why can’t the fraggers just say “monads”?**

- **Cayman**

- **The same reason about sixty years ago people started to use the word “trog.” But that does raise the question: Where has Evo been keeping the monads who chose to say on Earth?**

- **2XL**

- **Lots of rumors of them working behind the scenes on special projects under heavy guard. Apparently, two were killed during the Week of Death along with an entire city block just to make sure. Sounds like the Disians have a hate-on for them, and I’m not surprised.**

- **Sunshine**

**First among those who have focked to Evo’s banner in this time of need are the famed Iron Cavalry. This noteworthy band of mercenaries—made up almost entirely of metasapients and other outcasts—epitomizes Evo’s philosophies and is a shining example of what can be accomplished.**

- **Evo securing the Iron Cavalry’s contract from S-K is considered something of a coup within mercenary circles. I’m surprised that Lofwyr would let them essentially defect to another corporation after all this time.**

- **Picador**

- **He had nothing to do with it. Our contract was up, and we chose not to renew it after certain facts about the corporation’s business dealings came to light. S-K tried to fight it, using their influence with the International Mercenary Association to try to get us to stay. But a lot of other units have found themselves in a sort of legal limbo, held hostage by IMA regulations and stonewalling on key contract negotiations and disputes. This has forced many units to remain with their previous employers, despite their desire to leave. And those who have broken away are being hit with breach of contract charges or outright blacklisted.**

- **Iron Horse**

- **Well, I think I know where they can find work … if they want it.**

- **> Ringmaster**
