---
id: SP-0316
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Guess Who\u2019s Back"
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Guess Who’s Back**

**By this time, the player characters should realize that it’s time to call Mr. Johnson and let her know what’s going on. But when they try and get a signal out, they realize another jammer has been set up.**

**And what Buck fears is coming to pass as two platoons of soldiers and fve destroyer chimera have arrived in town and are heading for the barn.**

**At this point, it’s up to the player characters how to proceed; they have several options. They can fee themselves, try and get word out and hopefully help, but that may take time the town doesn’t have. They can stay and fght alongside the townspeople, Buck, and Calvin. If they choose that route, they can bunker down in the barn, or they can seek the soldiers out and pull them away from the barn.**

**Regardless, Calvin will fght to the death to protect the people.**

**When engaged, the mercenary platoon will provide cover and support fre while the destroyer chimera rush directly into the fray, ripping and tearing into opponents with reckless abandon or bashing against any defenses. For his part, Calvin will rush in as well, doing his best to draw the chimera away and occupy them as long as possible, which won’t be very long. The townspeople, coordinated by Buck, will defend themselves with long rifes.**

**The wildcard in this fght will be the player characters and the frepower and magic they bring.**

**If the mercenaries lose half of their forces or at least four out of the fve chimera (especially the greater) are neutralized, they will disengage. For Calvin and the townsfolk, they will stay and fght to the bitter end, as they have no alternative. If all is lost, they will ask the player characters to at least save the children.**

**If the player characters manage to make it out or**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
