---
id: SP-0165
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Combat Inc.
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Combat Inc.**

**It’s not a good time to be a member of Combat Inc. First they were forced from their HQ in Hong Kong, then in the aftermath of the Az-Am War they were treated as “enemy non-combatants” during and after the Battle of Bogotá for serving Amazonia and participating in the Cali Massacre. Since then, Aztlan and Aztechnology have had open bounties on all Combat Inc. personnel who**

- **The IMA still has the Free Marine Corps as the highest-rated mercenary unit. But that rating is currently in contention, as the IMA is being confronted with charges of bias and double-dealing.**

- **> Legal Eagle**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**fought in that confict. Ultimately, the unit found protection under IMA guidelines; they simply need to steer clear of any Aztlan or Aztechnology contracts or territories.**

**During the Week of Death, all that changed. Specifcally targeted by Aztechnology-contracted forces and shadowrunners, Combat Inc. lost most of their general command staff and over half of their feld commanders to assassinations, bombings, and more than a few “accidents.” With no offcial command structure, the unit has all but scattered, fnding refuge wherever they can. The IMA is also currently re-evaluating the unit’s status to see if it should now be decertifed and reclassifed as “shattered.”**

**But it’s an open secret within the merc community that the Azzies decided to settle old scores and eliminate a potential threat to their Disian masters.**
