---
id: SP-0068
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Magical Services
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Magical Services**

**I may not have detailed knowledge of the use of magic, but I can speak some to the business of it. I already mentioned some of what they will be doing connected to reagents, and you can be certain Ming Solutions will be at the center of that work. As with Wuxing’s fnancial activities, I expect they will become pickier about who they work with and how. Awakened Protective Initiatives is a growing name in the security feld, renowned for their integration of critters into their security design. They’ve already canceled a few lucrative contracts, leaving some of their clients high and dry, as a way of showing Wuxing’s displeasure with certain entities’ opposition to Dis.**

- **It doesn’t hurt that API walks away with detailed plans of many of their former clients’ facilities, and what do you know, some of these schematics have been falling into runners’ hands.**

- **DangerSensei**

**I also have it on good authority that every Wuxing-connected magical services offce or shop will become an intelligence-gathering outpost. Their conjurers will be busy, summoning spirits daily and having them run recon on any nearby areas. This likely won’t bring them much information—I assume Wuxing generally knows what’s going on. It’s the next phase, where they use the speed of spirits to explore farther out, where things get interesting if they uncover some reagent deposits or gateways they didn’t know about.**

- **I assume Wuxing knows how absolutely brutal this is going to be on their summoners. Summoning a spirit for a little recon? Not a problem. If these spirits get regularly disrupted while carrying out services, though, the summoners will have to deal with a declining reputation and more frequent summoning if they want to turn over the data they’ll be expected to develop. This will start to wear on them, especially if spirits actively resist them. The upshot is, doing things as quickly as Wuxing likely wants to work will cause them some issues, especially if they’ll be increasing their metaplanar travel.**

- **Frosty**
