---
id: SP-0228
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Chicago (Former Containment Zone), UCAS - Status: Contested, Known Harvester
  Location'
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Chicago (Former Containment Zone), UCAS**

## **Status: Contested, Known Harvester Location**

**The Windy City can’t seem to catch a break. It was a sealed-off urban wasteland for years during the bug threat. When it was fnally cleared out (or cleared out enough) and the quarantine lifted, a land rush began as various corporations moved in to claim parts of the city for redevelopment. While those efforts ultimately failed due to some unforeseen events, this left large parts of Chicago untouched since the quarantine—making them a perfect location for the placement of a Disian Harvester.**

**We’ve learned that, over the past four years, multiple shell companies owned by Ares and later Wuxing have been secretly moving into the area known as the Core, carefully tunneling under-**

**neath several abandoned and destroyed buildings to make room for a massive Harvester. The Chicago Harvester is currently completed but is off-line. With local power grids proving to be insuffcient, this has forced the Disians to move in large quantities of industrial-sized power cells for when the time comes for activation.**

- **Security is also still a concern in Chicago. While significant progress has been made to certain parts of the city, most of it remains feral and extremely dangerous.**

- **Turbo Bunny**

- **From what I’ve heard, security isn’t a problem at that site. A lot of “retired” Knight Errant officers and UCAS soldiers looking for jobs after the Blackouts have showed up here.**

- **Pistons**

- **I’m more interested in how a Harvester will handle the extremely unstable Chicago manasphere. Why anyone would build one of those there of all places is mind boggling.**

- **Ethernaut**

- **Maybe that’s why Wuxing bought all of the shell companies from Ares two years ago. They knew or know something Ares doesn’t.**

- **> Corporate Raiders**
