---
id: SP-0273
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Hook
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Hook**

**A player character’s contact reaches out with a tip about a fxer looking for a team of elite shadowrunners for a high-risk, high-reward job. If they’re interested, the contact puts them in touch with Juan Xihuitl, who sets up a meet with the team at a local Aztec-style restaurant, a place owned and operated by Aztechnology, and treats them to an excellent meal before adjourning to his limousine with his extensive security detail in tow. Once he’s assured that no one is tracking them or attempting to listen in, Xihuitl activates the limo’s privacy features—isolating the occupants from the Matrix and flling the cabin with soft white noise.**

**Xihuitl informs the player characters about the job details. They’re to hunt and slay a dragon that has been patrolling a border region between Aztlan and Amazonia. The dragon’s name is Seimanth, an adult feathered serpent who’s been an intolerable nuisance, crossing the border and attacking multiple Aztechnology interests over the past few months. Xihuitl doesn’t want the team to provide escort or protection services, though—he wants them to enter Seimanth’s territory and hunt him down. Along with considerable support, he’s offering signifcant compensation for proof of the dragon’s demise.**

**The team will be provided with up-to-date information about the dragon’s territory, including several potential locations of his lair. Xihuitl also offers to provide the player characters whatever equipment they wish, up to a total value of one million nuyen. If the team wishes to keep any of the gear that’s not lost or expended after the run, they may purchase it at a ffty percent discount. Any equipment the team requests will be made available, including augmentations (with a maximum grade of beta) and heavy weapons, with no qualms regarding legality or Availability. They have one month to plan and prepare before they must depart.**
