---
id: SP-0107
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Lack of Direction
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Lack of Direction**

**The Foundation made a tremendous splash when it frst started doing business, faithfully doling out the boons and bequests from Dunkelzahn’s will. Not to mention working toward some of the**

**directives and mandates contained therein (again, - more on that in a bit). Problem is, there was a f nite number of items to give out. And while it took the better part of twenty-fve years to accomplish, most of said items have either found their intended owners, or they’ve been properly disposed of in accordance with the will.**

**So, what then?**

**Of course, there were always the mandates. But the problem was, they were largely left up to interpretation. And of course, there were those in the Foundation who had their own takes on what Dunkelzahn would have wanted. Not to mention there were those who used the situation, twisting the original intent for their own personal benefts.**

**Foundation chair Nadja Daviar did her best, but in the early days she had her plate full with matters of state, since she was also serving as UCAS Vice President under President Kyle Haeffner. Things didn’t improve when the New Revolution assassinated President Haeffner and almost killed Daviar as well. Soon after, Daviar left the Foundation, leaving the mantle of chair to Aina Dupree.**

**Without rehashing too much history, Dupree left the foundation and Daviar came back, but some claim she didn’t actually come back. The “Daviar Clone” period during the late ’60s and early ’70s for the foundation is something not often talked about but has become a bit of an open secret, with many rumors fying rampant regarding it.**

- **These rumors flew fast and furiously, and we still don’t know the full story. Some say that the clones were simply decoys to prevent another assassination attempt, others say the real Daviar was killed and simply replaced with a puppet look-alike from—well, the “from” depends on what flavor of conspiracy theories you prefer.**

**> Plan 9**
