---
id: SP-0288
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Hook
page: 129
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Hook**

**The players get a call from one of their contacts. A Mr. Johnson working for Evo has become aware**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**of their reputation and wants to hire them for a quick but risky job.**

**If the player characters agree to meet (in a location of the players’ choosing), Mr. Johnson arrives promptly, with a minimal security escort. They introduce themselves by name and announce that they are representing Evo in this matter. If the players have the means to detect monads, they’ll see that their Mr. Johnson is one. Otherwise, this detail will be unannounced and unnoticed.**

**Mr. Johnson informs the player characters about the job, which is to intercept and destroy a convoy that is transporting unknown cargo from a secret facility to another location roughly one hundred kilometers away. Mr. Johnson knows the window of time that the convoy will be leaving, and their agent will signal the players when the convoy departs. After that, it’s up to the players to locate the convoy en route, intercept it, and destroy it. There are no restrictions on collateral damage—the employer just wants to be sure that the crates are thoroughly destroyed. If the players request it, suffcient explosives will be provided. The employer will pay a bonus if the crates are acquired rather than destroyed but will also be perfectly happy with their destruction.**
