---
id: SP-0021
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Disian Threat: Striking From the Darkness - World in Panic Mode Following
  Global Wave of Terrorist Attacks! - By Lew Steinbush, NewsPulse LIVE! (Geneva, Switzerland)
  - Posted by: Ringmaster'
page: 16
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Disian Threat: Striking From the Darkness**

## **World in Panic Mode Following Global Wave of Terrorist Attacks!**

## **By Lew Steinbush, NewsPulse LIVE! (Geneva, Switzerland)**

## **Posted by: Ringmaster**

**In what is being called “The Week of Death,” law enforcement and security providers are responding to numerous acts of terrorism that continue to be perpetrated across the globe. Murders, assassinations, bombings, and other wanton acts of destruction and violence have been reported worldwide over the last several days. Authorities still have no comment on the reason for these events, or if they are related. A statement issued by the Corporate Court said, “We will be working closely with corporate security forces, federal agencies, and local municipal law enforcement to coordinate eforts into investigating these occurrences and bringing the perpetrators to justice.” Several corporate response teams and federal agencies have formed task forces and conducted raids to serve arrest warrants and locate persons of interest.**

**Welcome to our nightmare scenario, where the cold war with the Disians has gone hot. But more on that in a bit. First, a quick recap with some updates for those just joining us.**

**Disians as a species are nothing more than overpowered parasites. They produce very little, and their way of life revolves around taking from others and convincing others to do the work and fght their battles for them.**

**Unfortunately, they’ve become masters of this tactic. Leading this fght is the Disian ruling body known as the Highest Council . In the realm of Dis, they are the fnal authority. Every facet of Disian life is controlled by the Highest Council. Data on the council’s size varies, but we estimate from seven to thirteen members. Each council member has their own substantial magical power, alliances, and holdings, which equals status and political power.**

- **Doesn’t sound so different from our world.**

- **Old Crow**

- **Similar minds and hearts, for better or worse, always find each other.**

- **Many-Names**



- **Okay, so why don’t we just go after these Highest slags and take them out? Cut off the snake’s head and all that.**

- **Bangswitch**

- **The short version is, getting to them is the problem. Ninety percent of them stay on their metaplane. But read on and you’ll understand why a direct assault isn’t feasible at this point.**

- **> Rifleman**

- **But if the opportunity presents itself?**

- **Brutus Ex-Mechina**

- **What do you think?**

- **Rifleman**

**The leader of the council is known as (best translation) the Highest One, who functions as a combination of council chair, president, and monarch. The Highest One is the ultimate authority on Dis, and their word or decree is absolute law. Recent reports indicate that the current Highest One has been in power for at least the last fve thousand years and controls the greatest power base the Disians have ever known. This Highest One has overseen the harvesting of hundreds if not** _**thousands**_ **of metaplanes. And despite our best efforts, that’s the extent of our knowledge, because over eighty percent of the Disian language is still a mystery.**

- **Wait, what? THOUSANDS of metaplanes?**

**> Treadle**

- **If true, one does not acquire such power and hold it for so long without being … exceptional.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **For once, can’t we get an ultimate evil that’s, you know, incompetent?**

- **Cool Hand Duke**

**We’ve also obtained additional data on a group known as the Creators . Leaders of the Disian artifcer caste, they report directly to the Highest Council and have authority over all scientifc and technological issues. The Creator’s leader, known as the First Creator , is in charge of current Disian technological (as we understand it) and thaumaturgical research. They are also responsible for maintaining/curating the library of Disian “memory crystals” that contain all their total acquired knowledge. Data also indicates that the current First Creator would be considered sociopathic by our standards but completely normal among Disians, seeing all non-Disians as nothing more than raw material for experimentation.**

- **I’ve heard rumors of these crystals, or at least something akin to them. I thought they were just another secret corporate**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**R&D project. I didn’t realize they were Disian in nature. Part of me wants to know how something like that works, how close it would be to our Matrix. > Sam-R-Eye**

- **I do, too, but mainly so I can figure out how to use it against them for attacking my family.**

- **Netcat**

- **There are initiatives in progress working on that, and working to decode the mystery of the Disian language. If you are interested in assisting, your reputation precedes you, and I would welcome the assistance.**

- **Script Diver**

- **Wait, is that who I think it is?**

- **Incubus**

- **Ah … yes.**

- **Wyrm Watcher**
