---
id: SP-0298
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Hook
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Hook**

**The player characters receive an emergency message from their fxer; the simple text message reads, “I’ve got a hot one for you: an extraction job that needs to happen** _**now**_ **. High risk, but insanely high payoff. If you’re up for it, I’ll send you the meet coordinates and time, which is within the hour. Also, forget any social graces, come loaded and ready for immediate work. Good luck.”**

**The coordinates given lead the player characters to a large clearing. Exactly sixty seconds after their arrival, the sounds of an Augusta-Cierva Plutocrat helicopter can be heard as it disengages its stealth systems and comes cruising in at high speed, only to come to a dead stop and land a mere twenty meters from the player characters. Out of the side door steps a tall human male fanked by two heavily armed bodyguards. While the guards are buffeted by the helo’s rotor wash, the human male seems completely unaffected by it and strides up to the players. As he approaches, they can see the smart cut of his grey suit, his deep red tie, and a red Welsh Dragon lapel pin.**

**When Mr. Johnson starts speaking, the players can somehow still hear him despite the Plutocrat’s engine and rotor noise. “Thank you all for coming on such short notice. I don’t have time to engage in the usual pleasantries, so I’ll get right to it and say that I’ll pay you all sixty thousand nuyen each to locate, secure, and escort a high-value individual directly to me. I can provide the principle target’s last known coordinates, which should expedite things. But I’m also certain others are seeking the principal as well. I don’t care what methods you use, who you have to eliminate, but I need the principal and any data on her person secured as**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**soon as possible. I need the answer in the next thirty seconds.”**

**If the player characters accept the job, Mr. Johnson has the necessary coordinates and intelligence fles sent to the runner’s commlinks before reentering his aircraft and taking off into the night.**
