---
id: SP-0238
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Possible Flashpoint: Disaster at Stonehenge - Posted by: Simon Andrews'
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Possible Flashpoint: Disaster at Stonehenge**

## **Posted by: Simon Andrews**

**I rarely stick my lovely neck out to share information in the open, but I think this might be a good time to make an exception to that. Some of you know me well and have done good work for me. The greenhorns among you may not have heard of me, though. So by way of introduction, I’ll just come right out with it and tell you who Simon Andrews is. He’s me! And I’m a regular fxer for Saeder-Krupp. That might make some of you suspicious of me, what with the whole “never deal with a dragon” axiom, but the runners who do know me (the competent ones at least) know that I deal straight with them, and that they’ll fnd proft in working with me.**

**Since I work for S-K, you might think of me as German, but that would be silly of you. S-K’s a global business, with people from all over the world fnding gainful employment working for the**

**megacorp. As for myself, I’m British through and through, as would be obvious from my accent if this were an audio report rather than a text document.**

**There are also rumors out there saying that I’m a drake, but let me dispel those. I am a unique individual with a lovely scaley exterior, but I am not at all related to dragons. I’m one of a kind, that’s for sure, and drakes are a dime a dozen. I may work for S-K, but I’m my own man—and a good one to know, if you’ll excuse a little self-promotion.**

**I’ve been operating out of London more often than not lately, and what I’ve found going on near there is what I’m here to talk about today. I got word from my boss that he wanted me to spend some time in Amesbury, the town closest to Stonehenge, and sniff out any unusual goings-on there in relation to the adjacent tourist attraction. Stonehenge, as I’m sure you know, is a site of powerful magical prominence. It’s located right on a major mana line (some people call them ley lines) and is both a popular tourist attraction and a site of cultural and religious signifcance to the local druids. There’s always something unusual going on there, but I fgured the big boss wasn’t concerned about the usual-unusual—if he wanted me there watching, there was bound to be something outstandingly unusual.**

**So I settled in at a nice hotel, brought in some contacts, checked in with some local people I hadn’t seen in some time, and started to get a good feel for the place. I happen to know a few druids, and hoped to observe some of their real ceremonies, but they’re all about secrecy when it comes to that. Sure, they perform ceremonies in public for the tourists, but that’s just for show. As it happens, just my asking around with the druids raised a few hackles—the ones who I thought I was chummy with turned downright cold on me as I made my inquiries. Most peculiar. My interest was piqued, but I got nothing useful out of them other than the fact that the druids seemed more prickly than usual. It can be hard to tell with those ones, though. They’re prickly on a good day.**

**Still, that got me thinking there must be something interesting going on, something unusual enough to justify my attention here. I was determined to be vigilant and spent a few weeks digging in as best I could. It was a good time. Amesbury is a fun town, always bustling with interesting people from around the world. Some of them are just plain fun to be around, and I don’t mind saying it was a pleasant job—and a job well spent, as I soon gained an intuitive feel for the place and its people. I have a knack for that sort of thing, and it can be very useful to learn to read the people of a location—it makes spotting the unusual among the ordinary an easier task. It didn’t take me long to learn to pick out and identify various megacorporate and government agents, members of various**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [316 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**

**were expected to be observing Stonehenge. More curious was the presence of Johnsons working for Ares, MCT, and Aztechnology—one or two apiece wouldn’t be that strange, but they each had several working the feld here. Most unusual. I compiled a report and sent it up the channels, expecting to be done with this vacation of an assignment and sent somewhere more unpleasant. To my surprise, I was ordered to remain in Amesbury and keep a closer watch on things. I wasn’t told what to watch for, and I can’t be sure whether the big boss knew what to keep an eye out for or not.**

**magical groups, and, of course, shadowrunners. There seemed to be an inordinate number of all of those—some I expected, of course, as Stonehenge is a popular destination bound to attract interest of all sorts, but the sheer number of them seemed unusual. Something was going on, and I needed to fnd out what it was.**

**Well, I had some trouble with that, as my appearance is rather distinctive. So I used some intermediaries to make inquiries, and I brought in some reasonably trustworthy runners to see if they could get hired for some of these jobs and report back to me regarding what they were about. I won’t share too many trade secrets or bore you to tears with the tedium of an investigation, so I’ll just get to the details. Multiple parties seemed very interested in casing Stonehenge. That’s what had the druids in a tizzy—they had become aware of too many eyes on their sacred site and suspected something nefarious in the works. One of my teams was actually hired to gather intel on the druids themselves—they did, but they also passed on what they learned to me (chummers love getting paid twice for the same job). I tried to do my best to identify the employers and had some limited success. I was able to reasonably confrm the interests of the Black Lodge, the Draco Foundation, the Astral Space Preservation Society, and the Atlantean Foundation, all of which**

**That was when the murders began. One by one, local druids were being eliminated. The frst couple were made to look like accidents, but others were more obvious assassinations. It was only because I already had my fnger on the pulse of the scene that I was able to make much sense of it and see a larger pattern. A few shadowy deaths here and there aren’t likely to cause a major buzz, but systematic eliminations of the druids most responsible for keeping an eye on Stonehenge stood out quite starkly to me. The druids became even more reclusive and paranoid, and I was not able to get anything useful from them—in part because the ones most friendly to me (relatively speaking) were among the deceased. What I was able to dig up through other channels is that there wasn’t just one**



**or two parties behind the assassinations—it was a number of them: Ares, MCT, Aztechnology, and the Atlantean Foundation were the most prominent among them. Now, I don’t have evidence that would prove this in a court of law, of course, and some of this is blatant conjecture, but the pattern that emerged was a strange one indeed. I put in a request to hire some personnel to watch over the few remaining druids in the area, but it was denied. I was told that I was put there to watch, not get involved. And so, I watched.**

**The climax of the events came sooner than I had anticipated. During a tourism event in which a public ceremony was held by a smaller than usual group of druids, something strange occurred. The ceremonies performed for visiting tourists were generally performative affairs, with little if any true magic on display. They were routine and banal events meant to entertain rather than display any true power. But that wasn’t the case this time. The druids performed the normal ceremony, but something unexpected and strange occurred. At the height of the performance, an astral rift opened at the site that was visible to the naked eye, and a rush of spirits emerged. They materialized and fell upon druids and tourists alike, killing with abandon. These spirits were dark entities, human-shaped but cloaked in shadows. Based on the accounts from some of the eyewitnesses, a few of whom captured the events using the cameras built into their commlinks, I was able to ascertain that they were likely toxic spirits of kin. Only those who fed immediately were spared their wrath, and the death toll was nearly a hundred people. Despite my access to many experts in various felds of magic, I am unable to identify how this was accomplished or who was directly responsible, but I can deduce the purpose of the event—though I am unable to provide conclusive evidence to support my conjecture. The spirits remained at the site, guarding the astral rift and Stonehenge against various attempts to repel them so that the site could be cleared. A delegation of visiting magicians from Aztechnology offered to step in and disrupt the spirits, and they were granted permission to take on the task.**

**The Aztechnology delegation set up a perimeter surrounding the site, with the stated purpose of keeping civilians clear so that no innocent bystanders would be harmed as they dealt with the issue. I was able to make some observations, employing some of my own people as well as using my own eyes and devices. Several large vehicles moved in, ostensibly carrying the magicians to the fght. Almost immediately after they arrived, the site became shrouded in a dense magical fog that hid Stonehenge from view. Several hours passed, and no one exited the strange fog during that time. One of the magicians (a geomancer) working for me reported a shift in the mana line that passes through Stonehenge—he said it seemed to be wan-**

**ing as if drained of its mana. Another hour went by after I received this report. Then a large group of druids descended on the site. The Aztechnology guards barred their way, but instead of halting, the druids pressed them. A pitched battle broke out, and the druids forced their way past the guards and into the fog.**

**Screams and other strange noises came from Stonehenge shortly after. Some of the remaining Aztechnology perimeter guards entered the fog, and a few of them came fying back out, some knocked away by a powerful force, others carried by materialized air spirits that tossed them as they few out. A few minutes later, the fog began to clear, and the geomancer working for me reported that the mana line seemed to be stabilizing, returning to its normal state. When the fog cleared completely, Stonehenge stood empty. There was no sign of the druids who had entered or the Aztechnology magicians—only their silent and empty transports remained. I’m sure you all heard something about this from the news networks, but no reporters have shed further light on these events. As far as I can tell, the Aztechnology magicians and the druids who entered the site that day are still missing.**

**The druidic orders of the UK have offered no explanation, claiming no knowledge of what occurred on that night, though I suspect that at least some of them either know the truth of what happened or at the very least have some strong suspicions. I have a theory, but it’s conjecture based on what we know of the Disian threat. I believe that the assassinations of druids and the toxic astral rift event were contrived to allow Aztechnology forces allied with the Disians to gain access to Stonehenge, and they attempted to set up a mana harvest there. Sensing the deflement of their sacred site, a number of powerful druids rushed to the location to stop it from happening. They must have succeeded, though what happened to both druids and Aztechnology magicians to make them disappear along with whatever tools were set up to harvest mana from the site, I can’t say.**

**If I were to venture a guess, it would be that a metaplanar gate was established, and everyone there was pulled through. The strange fog and the disappearances remind me a little of the disappearance of III Corps in the UCAS. I suspect that the druids paid for their successful disruption of the Disian Harvest attempt with their lives. Perhaps they survived, only to be taken by the Disians. Maybe we’ll know for certain someday what went down there, but I doubt it. I gathered what accounts I could, compiled my report, and was reassigned to other matters.**

**For what it’s worth, I consider the Disians to be a troubling matter, but they don’t seem to be a devastating threat. They are desperate to absorb mana from our world but are likely to succeed in gathering it only in small amounts in remote places. For**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**them to do any serious damage to the manasphere, they will need access to sites of great power, all of which are closely guarded. They pose a real danger in some cases, but they are not the world-ending danger that many are claiming them to be. I consider insect spirits, toxic magicians, and shedim to be more worrisome in the long run. I can’t speak for certain on the big boss’ true understanding, but I take some solace in knowing that Lofwyr is largely unconcerned that the Disians will pose a grave danger. It seems that he expects them to fade to a minor threat and likely fzzle out. Hopefully this isn’t just wishful thinking, but I have faith that if a serious threat to the very existence of our world was imminent, the great dragons would act against them. As far as I can tell, the greatest of dragons has lost little if any sleep over the matter. And that means the rest of us can likely breathe easy.**

**The Disians might be scary, but they’re small - time. If they start to pose a real threat, I’m conf dent that my boss can squash them.**
