---
id: SP-0032
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Corporate Activity (Part One)
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Corporate Activity (Part One)**

- **Should come as no surprise that the Big Ten are at the forefront of this, or at least some of them. Several have thrown in their lot with Dis while others, surprisingly enough, are acting for the benefit of metahuman kind (or at least their own survival and/ or benefit, which is better than the alternative). Still others are straddling the fences in typical corporate fashion. Rather than handle them all at once, I’ve organized them in separate sections based on what side they’re (nominally) on.**

- **Glitch**

- **Okay, I’m gonna state the obvious and say this bothers me. Why work with the Disians? I mean, profit and power mean nothing if we’re all dead, right? Are the corps just that stupid or insane?**

- **Rambler Rose**

- **Worse, they’re egocentric. I’ll bet good cred that those leading these corps, the ones who aren’t Faustians, think they have it under control and that they’ll pull an eleventh-hour move and sick it to the Disians. Then profit off whatever the Disians leave behind, or whatever.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **Remember, most of the time we’re talking about leadership here, not every rank and file. For every collaborator or Faustian, there are thousands of wageslaves who have no idea what their employer is into. Like always, they’re simply trying to get by and trusting (heh) that their superiors are making the right choices. Yeah, I know, that last part is laughable, but it’s still the truth. Which is still depressing.**

- **Corporate Raiders**

- **While some are simply so beaten down, they just don’t care. Apathy can also be weaponized.**

- **Old Crow**

- **All that’s true, but don’t forget, if you have enough of these Faustians in the right places, the rest doesn’t matter. They’ll do whatever they’re told, right up until they die.**

- **Frosty**

- **Those who inherit the ash don’t always rise like the phoenix; they simply perish.**

- **Many-Names**
