---
id: SP-0321
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Rumbles in the Deep - Posted by: Bubbles'
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rumbles in the Deep

## Posted by: Bubbles

- Information is perhaps the most valuable commodity in the world, and sharing it freely is still an alien concept to some, even in the shadows. Despite all the collective good it can do, the number of people who send us useful tidbits isn’t high. But every tidbit is useful, though often each needs to be combined

- In hindsight, I could have phrased that initial message better, but something told me this was a big deal and I wanted to get the message off ASAP. Because I know Bubbles often goes dark for periods of time.

- Bull



**Seems word had reached JackPoint of some strange cargo ship disappearances. Now, you must understand, the world ocean is a living, breathing thing, full of power and mystery, and more than a few critters that take umbrage to ships in their territories. Or just so big and powerful they can ignore even some of the largest ships as being utterly irrelevant to their day-to-day lives. And of course, you then have to add in the activities of metahumans: piracy, both legitimate and state/corp sponsored, shadowruns, corporate military skirmishes, and a whole host of other reasons for metahumans to want to disappear a cargo ship.**

- **I think that’s the first time I’ve ever been called a legitimate pirate, but I’ll take it.**

- **Kane**

**It’s one of the reasons why maritime freight as a licensed mariner is such a lucrative billet. If you’ve the stones for it, you have to be able to handle a massively wide range of scenarios, and quickly. Sure, Wuxing and Maersk have put security detachments with heavy weapons on their fagged hulls, but for centuries ship owners have been using fags of convenience to cover their activities.**

- **Under international law, a ship is subject to the laws of the nation/entity whose flag they fly (by way of registry). This ranges from safety and working conditions regulations to what is legal and illegal to transport, and to which laws apply should a case involving admiralty law (also called maritime law, and different from the law of the sea) arise. So, ship owners will choose to register their ships in locations that have laxer laws, lower taxes, and fewer inspections.**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **Port state control is a mechanism by which nations can inspect foreign registered ships. These inspections focus on officer training and certifications, the living conditions of the crew, how polluting the vessel is, and ship’s safety and maintenance. Sure, not many nations care about these issues on land, but the Law of the Sea is holy writ for mariners, and even the triple-A megacorps respect that. It’s too costly not to.**

- **> The Soton Squire**

- **This is why the corps like to own their own cargo terminals and docks—they can selectively enforce PSC by choosing which ships to inspect, and said inspections have to adhere to the corp’s laws due to extraterritoriality. Though in fairness, most of the megacorps with large maritime assets have very good laws, and “revenge inspections” are so common most corporate flagged vessels are in good shape.**

- **Sounder**

- **Word is the countries that own mega-max container ports are working on a joint memorandum of understanding related to PSC, thus ensuring all mega-maxes will be on a level playing**

**==> picture [246 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 323] intentionally omitted \<==**
