---
id: SP-0109
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Self-Appointed Guardians
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Self-Appointed Guardians**

**It’s always been a bit of an open secret among the shadows that the Draco Foundation has been, and continues to be, one of the biggest employers of shadow talent on the planet. Like any other group with deep pockets and an agenda, the foundation had use for any and every kind of shadow professional to conduct its work. As such, they developed quite the shadow network. And from their inception, the Draco Foundation saw themselves as de-facto guardians of the Sixth World, ever vigilant to threats and quick to react to them, using their network as the sword to right the world’s wrongs. All in Dunkelzahn’s name of course.**

**At least, that was the initial theory.**

**The problem was, there was never a consensus on where the foundation should focus their resources. Instead, they ended up overextending themselves by trying to put out too many brush fres instead of dealing with the root causes, or putting out the spark before it became a fre. They tossed money or shadowrunners at a problem until it (hopefully) went away or there was nothing more that could be done. While this method sometimes produced solid results and did a lot of good, they could have done much better.**

- **Ya know, I started looking into this Silk slag. Seems that besides being one of those mentioned in the will, Silk (a.k.a. Toshi Akimura) was selected as the new chairman of the Draco Foundation approximately two and a half years ago. Which if memory serves, was right about the time Arleesh et al. started gaining momentum. Coincidence?**

- **Icarus**

- **Not at all. Grey Cell wasn’t the only one who discovered the Disian threat and decided to do something about it.**

- **Silk**

- **Wow. Don’t often get a straight answer around here. Think I’m getting spoiled.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **So let me ask this: The Draco Foundation and Arleesh always seemed to have the same goals. Why did it take so long for a team-up?**

- **Elijah**

- **The former foundation board was quite frankly more worried about maintaining their positions and influence than actually sticking their necks out and doing something. A change was needed.**

- **Silk**

- **So, you … wait, did he just admit to geeking the entire DF board?**

- **Knuckleduster**

- **If by “geeking,” you mean voting off certain board members while offering other members stipends so they could quietly retire to the Carib League? Then yes, they were quite “geeked.”**

- **Silk**

- **Frag, feel free to geek me then.**

- **Cayman**

- **Seconded!**

- **X-Prime**
