---
id: SP-0285
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Who\u2019s Who"
page: 129
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Who’s Who**

**Mr. Johnson is loyal to MCT. He’s on a needto-know basis, and knows nothing of the contents of the crates, the location they are being delivered to, and the plans to double-cross the runners. And he doesn’t care. His job is to hire a competent team of runners to do a job and negotiate the best terms for his employer.**

**For the rival runner team who attempts to intercept the shipment, use a mix of archetypes from the** _**SR6**_ **core rulebook, which should certainly include the Rigger (p. 86,** _**SR6**_ **).**

**The Disian Harvesting location is being set up in a remote location, and no Disians or chimera will be present, as MCT is handling the initial preparations before their arrival. Most of the construction work is being handled by drones, but a signifcant security force is also present. Local offcials have been paid off to ignore the site, but MCT isn’t taking any chances. Only one squad of soldiers is initially tasked with double-crossing the runners—they have orders to capture the runners alive, so their weapons will be loaded with gel rounds.**

**For the soldiers, use the stat block for Lone Star SWAT Offcer (p. 207,** _**SR6**_ **). For the mage, use the Combat Mage archetype (p. 82,** _**SR6**_ **). The combat drones will consist of two Steel Lynx drones and four MCT-Nissan Roto-Drones, all armed with FN-HAR assault rifes. The Steel Lynx drones will also each have an Armtech MGL-6 grenade launcher loaded with stun grenades. The rigger commanding them is located in one of the mobile homes, running a Proteus Poseidon RCC with the following autosofts at rating 6: Evasion (Roto-Drone, Steel Lynx), Maneuvering (Roto-Drone), Targeting (FN-HAR, Armtech MGL-6).**
