---
id: SP-0322
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Mega-max Container Terminals
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mega-max Container Terminals**

**As of the end of 2081, there are twelve mega-max cargo terminals in the world, though the Port of Los Angeles is still only open to Neopanamax while repairs to the mega-max berths are completed.**

- **Rotterdam, Netherlands**

- **Durban, South Africa**

- **Felixstowe, United Kingdom**

- **Singapore, Singapore**

- **Norfolk, UCAS**

- **• Sydney, Australia**

- **Casablanca, Morocco**

- **Vladivostok, Russia**

- **Nagoya, Japan**

- **Everett, Seattle Free State**

- **Balboa, Panama, Aztlan**

- **Los Angeles, California Free State**

**The expansions of the ports of Atlanta and Houston in the Confederated American States is expected to be complete by the end of 2083, while Honolulu in the Kingdom of Hawai’i and Shanghai should be opening in 2082. The totally accidental and not deliberate delays to the upgrades to Hong Kong make it unlikely they will be able to accept mega-max vessels before 2084.**

**field. Whether the second crop will join the MOU is anyone’s guess right now.**

- **Traveler Jones**

**Flying a fag of convenience is great for reducing the tax and regulatory burden of your vessel, but it’s always been seen in some circles as highly dubious. And to be fair, megacorps have taken over so much of global maritime trade that it’s become less common, except for the small players. International law is clear—you cannot enforce extraterritoriality if your fag isn’t the one fying from the mast. This is one of the areas the governments of the world refused to compromise on when the Business Recognition Accords were frst signed. Word is Maersk and Fuchi championed the amended text, and that’s what fnally became law.**

**The completely unarmed cargo vessel is a thing of the past. For a century or more, the larger vessels have kept some weaponry on board, as piracy has never gone away—it just changed to slip through the cracks of the post-Cold War world order. But since the Awakening, even smaller vessels need to have some armaments. For many it was just a small stock of portable weapons (I won’t say small arms, because only large caliber sniper rifes, heavy machine guns, and assault cannons are going to do anything besides tickle some of the Awakened critters out there), but some went so far as to actually put small autocannons on mounts. When**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 213] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 213] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [316 x 178] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 178] intentionally omitted \<==**

**riggers started to become more mainstream, those weapons were often automated and under rigger control, though many ships still carry a small arsenal of weapons on board for their crew should it be needed, both to deal with critter attacks and to repel boarders.**

**I’ve spent years at sea, both as a legitimate licensed merchant offcer and as a decidedly less-than-legitimate helm for some shady groups (I’m looking at you, Kane) on both submarines and surface ships, and I don’t run out of fngers when I count the number of actual critter attacks I’ve endured. I’ve been luckier than most, but I’m not an outlier in this regard. Sure, there’s probably twenty or thirty critter attacks a year that lead to signifcant damage, injury, or loss of life, but even a kraken or pod of leviathans can be driven off. There’s about half that number in spirit attacks a year, too, but so long as you respect the world ocean, you won’t have too many issues on that front. And if you don’t respect the world ocean … well, let’s just say I was both shocked and unfazed when the Sea Dragon admitted to having a hand in what happens in her domain. It certainly explains the few recorded instances of meistersingers attacking non-whaling ships.**

**Now, I’m not claiming that every cargo ship will have naval railguns or anti-ship missiles—they’re not Q-ships after all (though there certainly are some out there that are, to keep pirates honest)— but they will almost always have** _**something**_ **they can use in the event it’s needed. The most common setup I see is a few heavy machine guns or assault cannons on rigger-adapted mounts that provide 360-degree coverage out to one or two kilometers. Sure, it’s not going to deter a determined foe, but with critter attacks, you just need to put up enough of a fght to help them reach the conclusion that you’re more trouble than you’re worth. Against some of the things that dwell in the deeps, that’s about all you can hope to do unless you do mount naval autocannons (or something bigger).**

**No, the principal threat to maritime trade is metahumans. As Maersk and Wuxing are the two corps with the biggest stakes in the shipping industry, they’ve been waging an alternating cold and hot war for who gets to be the biggest shark in the sea for over a decade now. I’ve worked on both sides of that confict, and while I won’t say you’ll run afoul of corporate naval or air forces every cruise, or deal with sabotage teams sneak-**
