---
id: SP-0020
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Current Sit-Rep
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Current Sit-Rep**

**Normally, Disian operations are planned and executed over years, often decades. Being extremely long-lived, akin to great dragons and immortal elves (shut up, we know they exist), the Disians not only have time, but their modus operandi lets them operate in total secrecy … until it’s too late and nothing can be done to stop them.**

**But this time, something’s changed. Recovered partial paydata and current moves by Disian allies indicates that their plans have been so accelerated that they need to conclude what they’re calling the “Final Project” much sooner than anticipated. Coupled with that is the fact that six days prior to this being posted, Disians proxies started a campaign of extermination against anyone who poses a threat to the Final Project. Such an escalation gets ugly fast.**

**And this is where we currently stand.**


**==> picture [69 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
THOSE of THE<br>DEEP DARK<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [414 x 13] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **To say things are fragged up is an understatement. Unlike the situation in Motor City, where we saw some of it happening and** were able to coordinate a response (for the most part), this time we’re on the back foot. Across the globe, runners and professionals alike are being targeted in what can only be described as a massive, coordinated effort. To be honest, I’ve never seen anything like this. Business used to be business, where there was at least some semblance of professionalism. But this is next-level drek, a freaking genocide in the shadows. And a lot of it leads back to one source—take one guess who they are. But they’re not the only ones; major powers and individuals have thrown in with the Dis. Now, we can’t give a rundown on everyone, because frankly we can’t be one hundred percent sure of who is and who isn’t directly involved with the Disians at this point. Best we can do here is highlight the heaviest known hitters in this fight.

**of us are too busy just staying alive. But for those of you who’ve been paying attention, you should know who is more likely to** tell the chip-truth. We’ll start with something forwarded to us by Ringmaster, leader of Grey Cell. He was a bit cagey about who gave him the first part of this datafile, saying that the original author wanted anonymity for now and he was inclined to follow those instructions. Still, he’s been leading the charge against the Disians for a while now and arguably knows more about them than anyone other than the Disians themselves. And for what it’s worth, I’ve come to trust him.

- Bull

- It’s worth noting that Ringmaster has a contract on his head, or rather several of his known aliases, each worth seventy-five million nuyen. So far, none have been able to successfully claim it. Not for lack of trying, though.

- **>** Balladeer

- Glitch

- A lot of things are happening all at once as people are scrambling, sides are forming, and lines in the sand are being drawn. So we’re basically posting everything we have so far or as we get it. No filter, just raw mish-mashed data because most

- One of the ways to measure a person is by the quality of their enemies.

- Ringmaster



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 216] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 216] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [141 x 145] intentionally omitted \<==**
