---
id: SP-0208
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Point Hoshi, Sea of Japan - Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Location'
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Point Hoshi, Sea of Japan**

## **Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Location**

**Other than increased sea traffc, on the surface the Sea of Japan appears completely normal. There, however lies the key—the** _**surface.**_ **In 2079, Shiawase, through several shell corporations and with the assistance of Saeder-Krupp, began construction on fve experimental submersible aquablocks. These prototypes are known as the** _**Nemo-**_ **class mobile underwater modular structures (MUMS). MUMS are similar in scope and scale to drilling platforms and are meant to be used as such or for any underwater operation required. The** _**Nemo**_ **class is designed to be quickly deployed and retrieved as needed, while the modular component design makes expansion, upgrades, or repairs relatively simple. In times of emergency, MUMS compartments are designed to detach from the main body or other compartments and escape threats under their own power.**

**The original concept for the** _**Nemo**_ **design originated with Proteus AG, but all data and specs were lost when the entire design team was extracted from the corporation in 2074. By 2080, Prototype Modules (PM) 1, 2, and 3 were completed and moved to a location known as Point Hoshi, approximately three hundred kilometers southeast of mainland Japan. By 2081, Prototype Module 4 (PM4) was completed and is now undergoing fnal tests, while PM5 is nearing fnal construction; both are scheduled to be transported to Point Hoshi and online within the next two months.**

**What the public doesn’t know is that one of the** _**Nemo-**_ **class MUMS at Point Hoshi is an underwater Harvester.**

**At least three attempts have been made to assault Point Hoshi, but so far, all that has been accomplished is moderate damage to PMs 2 and 3, both of which are scheduled to be fully functional again within weeks of this post if they’re not already.**

**Security at Point Hoshi is extremely tight. At least two JIS guided missile frigates are always on-station, while an entire squadron of submersible combat drones provides security beneath the waves. Additionally, combat submarines are constantly patrolling the area and are no more than an hour away at any given time.**

- **Looks like something Kane would take a crack at.**

- **Stone**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [280 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
97<br>SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [316 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**

**between the “Outsiders” and the native shadowrunners. Until recently, this schism was more casual (often playful) or personal rather than professional. Within the last year and punctuated during the Week of Death, this has become somewhat of a point of contention, as most pro-Disian shadowrunners in the city have come from the Outsider ranks. This has led most native runners, fxers, and Mr. Johnsons to refuse to work with Outsider runners, unless they’re vetted by a native. Even then, Outsiders are still looked on with distrust. Meanwhile, pro-Disian forces continue to import operatives loyal to them (or at least the payday).**

**> Nope. I’m a pirate to my core, and that means weighing the risks with the reward. I don’t currently have the firepower to go after that. But if someone wants to make me an offer that comes with some new toys, I’d be willing to listen. > Kane**
