---
id: SP-0327
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: A Mystery Is Afloat
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A Mystery Is Afloat**

**When I frst started investigating these incidents, I was skeptical. I fgured there was a logical explanation, that there was something in the water these past months causing my contacts to spin sea stories. But the more I dug into this, the more I had to admit that something is going on. Still, even I struggled to pick the fotsam from the jetsam. It’s like someone is deliberately doing this, but only causing so many incidents a month to keep it below the collective radar of the maritime shipping community. It’s worrying. I’ll keep JackPoint updated as I discover more.**

- **Please do, Bubbles. This could crash the global economy like VITAS did. Or worse!**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **MAYDAY!**

- **Bubbles**

- **Ha ha, funny, Bubbles.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **No mariner would ever make that joke, Fred. Bubbles, what’s up?**

- **Kane**

- **I set sail with the tide this morning, I’m on the MV Mighty Oak out of Everett. She’s a Double-L class. We’re under attack!**

- **Bubbles**

- **You what?**

- **Bull**

- **A fragging blue whale just breached into our bow three fragging times. Now there’s a school of gungir punching holes in our bow and leviathans ramming the holes. We’re taking on water, and muthafragging Lone Star won’t lift a finger as we’re beyond the twenty-two kilometer limit.**

- **Bubbles**

- **Shit! Anyone able to assist? And Bubbles, what about your onboard weapons?**

- **Bull**

- **These fraggers are shrugging off assault cannon rounds and AV rockets like they were spitballs. They hit, but don’t seem to faze the sons of slitches!**

- **Bubbles**

- **Send us your position, Bubbles, and I’ll whistle up some spirits to try to at least take some pressure off you. Impromptu astral studies field trip coming right up!**

- **Canis**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**> I’ve some friends on the way to you, Bubbles. Stand by.**

**> Sounder**
