---
id: SP-0184
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'UCAS: Broken or Simply Bloodied?'
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **UCAS: Broken or Simply Bloodied?**

**Bloodied, broken, and humiliated.**

**After the disastrous attempt to nullify the Business Recognition Accords within their borders following the debacle in Detroit, the UCAS was essentially shattered as a superpower and is**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**now considered a shell of its former self. This has only made it that much easier for Disian infltration and control.**

**That’s not to say that the UCAS doesn’t have any power. While diminished and somewhat fractured, the UCAS still has a formidable military presence (not to mention their nuclear arsenal) and a vast intelligence apparatus that suddenly has nothing to do. Okay,** _**technically**_ **a lot of the alphabet agencies were gutted and their people given walking papers because of lack of funding. But that’s the thing about covert groups—they never really leave the game and hardware, and data don’t just disappear (despite what we’ve been told).**

**CIA Director Kent Burroughs has been exceptionally busy behind the scenes trying to keep his agency together while fghting off continuous attempts by Congress to defund it yet again. There are also rumors foating around that he’s been coordinating with those in other agencies he trusts and is using what cred he has for multiple off-thebooks investigations into the nature of the UCAS blackouts, but also what he believes to be an “entrenched threat within the UCAS government.” Normally, he’d be laughed at or arrested, as this is outside the CIA’s mandate, but when has that stopped them before?**

**Hard to tell if Burroughs’ labors will bear fruit, but given the situation, he’s one to watch.**

- **I got a hot bit of data just a few hours ago. The schism between the Emperor and the Empress has to do with some “unfortunate fighting between MCT, Renraku, and Shiawase.” Seems the Emperor wants the three Japanacorps to start playing nice with each other, calling the situation nothing more than a “misunderstanding.” But the Empress wanted to handle the situation in a different manner. I don’t know if the Emperor is genuinely ignorant of the Disian threat or is just playing ignorant.**

- **Jimmy No**

- **Or is a Disian agent, or worse, a Faustian. Oh, that would be bad.**

- **> Mika**
