---
id: SP-0278
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Hook
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Hook**

**Arleesh is a powerful great dragon (feathered serpent) with a reputation for protecting metahumanity from Awakened threats. She has a network of operatives who seek out threats from the astral plane and acquire artifacts that should be kept out of dangerous hands or used to oppose dark forces.**

**One of Arleesh’s operatives who often works as a fxer to hire runners to do work on her behalf (most of them never knowing they made a deal with a dragon) invites the team to meet with their patron. They will be fown to Detroit, and when they get out of the charter jet, the voice of Arleesh herself, a human female named Kendra de Santos, will be waiting for them in the hangar. Several of her most devoted operatives will be there, securing the location, and de Santos will only step out once the hangar doors have been closed and the building’s Matrix shielding activated.**

**Once she appears, Arleesh will speak to the runners directly through de Santos. She’ll explain the terrible threat that Disians pose to the material plane and to other locations as well. She asks them to take on a special mission for her to a hyper-metaplane called the Place of Clouds, where Disian activity is on the rise. Once there, the players must intercept a shipment of True Elements and safeguard its transfer to her agents in the Spire, the great city at the center of the Place of Clouds. The shipment of True Elements has been mined from a cloud island by MCT personnel that have deserted the corporation. These rogues will be transported via a dirigible-style airship guarded by stolen combat drones, spirits of air, and magicians. It will not be an easy target. Arleesh is offering a generous payment and a rare gift, a favor from her for each of the runners.**

**As to how the player characters will get there, Arleesh has arranged for them to use a gateway that will take them to the Spire. Once there, she’ll provide them with access to an airship that they may use to intercept the rogues’ shipment, which will be crewed by local spirits that are loyal to her. The airship itself is lightly armed, so the players must bring their own weapons. They are warned**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**not to attack the rogue airship near the Spire, or else they will be attacked by local security forces. Anywhere else is considered a lawless zone.**
