---
id: SP-0360
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Disian Sorcery
page: 172
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Disian Sorcery**

**Units of mana are used instead of the Magic rating for any Sorcery test and may also be used to Amp Up spells, increase the area of effect, sustain cast spells, or offset drain. Disian magic does not have a tradition; Willpower is used as the tradition attribute where one is called for, and drain is resisted by Willpower times two.**

**As noted in** _**Astral Ways**_ **, the magic of native Disians has a few limitations. Disian magic can only affect life energies or mana and has no effects against non-living material. Disians do not cast physical illusion spells—mana illusions only—and any type of spell that is opposed by object resistance automatically fails. So, Levitate works on people but not inanimate objects. Other physical Manipulation spells that create a physical effect—such as Physical Barrier, Light, or Thunder—do not work. For Combat magic, Disians can cast both mana and physical spells, but the physical damage only affects living material—and spirits, of course. For example, a Fireball spell would cause damage to anything with an Essence rating inside the radius of effect but would cause no damage to anything non-living. Clothing and gear won’t catch fre and there would be no damage to drones, vehicles, or other non-living objects. The connection to life Essence is so sensitive that even cybernetic implants disrupt the fow of mana through a target with the following rules.**

**Any target that has lost any of their Essence (with a rating between 4.00 and 5.99) will cause a spell cast by a native Disian to lose 2 net hits from the spellcasting test. If the target has lost more than 2 full points but still has at least 2 points (an Essence between 2.00 and 3.99), the Disian spell loses 3 net hits, and the target gains a point of Edge. Finally, for those with an Essence less than 2 (between 0.01 and 1.99), the Disian spell loses 4 net hits and the target**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**gains 2 points of Edge. Note that these penalties are in addition to the low Essence penalties that already apply to Health spells. There is no disadvantage for the Disian when they cast against an entity with an Essence of 6 or higher.**

**The Disian mastery of mana-based spells and their inability to use physical magic also impacts their ability to resist an opponent’s magic. When defending against mana spells or other mana-based magical attacks, Disians gain an extra point of Edge. However, when they are the target of a physical spell, their opponent will gain an extra point of Edge to use in the attack against the Disian.**
