---
id: SP-0279
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Job
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Job**

**This job is a metaplanar jaunt that involves piracy in a hyper-metaplane of foating islands and airships. The GM should read the “Place of Clouds” chapter in** _**Astral Ways**_ **(p. 116–129), which includes stats for airships. The players may have their choice of a light attack ship or heavy attack ship, which is armed with heavy ballistae and light cannons. The light attack ship has one of each weapon, and the heavy attack ship has two.**

**The crew Arleesh provides with the airship is solely there to pilot the ship and navigate. They know the expected route for the rogue shipment and can guide the players to where they will fnd it. The players may choose to intercept the ship as it passes near the Great Storm (p. 121,** _**Astral Ways**_ **) or somewhere in the clear.**

**For the rogue airship, use the large transport (p. 128,** _**Astral Ways**_ **). The ship itself is unarmed, but contains a small contingent of soldiers, at least two mages, a rigger with aerial combat drones, and a pair of spirits of air.**

**When the runners encounter the rogue airship, a Dis seeker vessel is also on an intercept course. The players may choose to wait and see what happens or get involved in a three-sided free-for-all. If they play their hand correctly, this complication might give them an advantage. If the runners attack the Rogue airship frst and win, they’ll have a tough time facing the full might of the Dis chimera and loyalist MCT troops.**
