---
id: SP-0153
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Fight to Come
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Fight to Come**

**First, Renraku doesn’t really trust many outside of the corporation. In their mind, if you’re not 100 percent loyal to Renraku, you’ll put your needs before theirs. While there is a certain logic to this, this narrow mindset hinders Renraku at times, and now is not the time for in-the-box-thinking or dogma.**

**Second, Renraku doesn’t play well with others or play second fddle to anyone. Call it ego, call it what you will, but Renraku, especially the Red Samurai, consider themselves warriors par excellence that no one can ever hope to measure up to. Don’t think I need to elaborate on that any further.**

- **Yes and no. As Renraku starts to work more with other allies against Dis, there have been some instances of friction, specifically between the Red Samurai and the soldiers of Grey Cell. So far, it’s been mostly the standard chest-thumping dominance bulldrek between alpha-types. And both sides have more than enough ego to go around. Thankfully, both Grey Cell field commander Colonel McCord and Tai-sa Minoru have been able to find some common ground. And while some rivalries remain, there’ve been instances of individual warriors or units earning each other’s respect.**

- **Colonel Cobra**

**Third, while some modicum of respect and cooperation has been forthcoming, Renraku still tries**



**==> picture [18 x 110] intentionally omitted \<==**

**to take leadership of the fght against Dis. And when that fails, Renraku simply goes off and does their thing: heading out to vanquish their enemies and die in a blaze of glory, even if for little strategic gain.**

**staff have done their best to keep things moving and in the same direction, but something needs to happen soon to light a fire under their collective hoops and start really working together, or we’re all dead. > Rifleman**

**==> picture [36 x 656] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 656] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **And that’s been the main problem with not just Renraku but most of the allies. Everyone has their own goals, agendas, and plans on how to defeat the Disians. I’m guilty of that as well. But worst of all, some think they know best, and anything short of following them is unacceptable. Ringmaster and his**

**Regardless of what happens next, Renraku (for better or worse) has fully committed to the fght against the Disians and won’t stop until every bit of Disian infuence has been removed from the Sixth World or Renraku is fully destroyed.**

**==> picture [140 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [140 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [140 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> <br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [367 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**> Some of the most dangerous elements of any war, conflict, fight, etc. are those who you don’t know where they stand or what they’re going to do** . **Some may be fence** - **sitters** , **waiting to** see which way things will go before they stick their hoops out. Others may have already decided but are waiting for the right moment to act. While still others hold back to see how they can profit from both sides. There are also those who are a mystery and do things based on reasons only they know and understand. Below is the most up-to-date data we have on some factions that haven’t (quite) picked a side in this war, or who are still conflicted on who to back. Unfortunately, there’s also a lot of groups we still don’t know drek about.

**that answer varies and can be complicated. And in some cases, data regarding their Disian position has been hard to come by,** a **t l** eas **t f** or **th** e momen **t** . **S** ome o **f** us are **f** ocus **i** ng on s **t** ay **i** ng alive. Anyway, this is what’s been submitted so far. Keep in mind, a lot of this data is incomplete. Given the nature of this conflict, things could change without warning.

**>** Corporate Raider
