---
id: SP-0326
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: What Lies Below
page: 147
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What Lies Below**

**As I’m sure is plain to see, there are a** _**lot**_ **of reasons for cargo ships to go missing or be attacked.**

- **Frag, now that you lay it all out like that, Bubbles, your initial reaction makes even more sense.**

- **Bull**

- **It’s fine, Bull. I mean, did they even have ships in your day? *wink***

- **> Bubbles**

**But something odd seems to be going on. Over the last six months, a handful of ships have just disappeared, and dozens of others have reported some extremely strange attacks. The frst attack I can fnd any data about involves a pod of leviathans. What’s so strange about that? Well, the number involved in the attack, the kind of ship they attacked, and where it took place, for starters.**

**As I’m sure everyone knows, leviathans tend to operate in pods of up to eight, and pods sometimes hunt cooperatively when the need arises (like when trying to take down a blue whale or a meistersinger), and they live in the cold waters of the Arctic and Antarctic regions. The ship that was attacked was a small feeder ship (101-meter- long container ship capable of carrying 456 TEU of cargo) on its way from the Port of Valencia in Spain to the Port of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. According to my sources, the attack was conducted by a group of twenty leviathans roughly 100 kilometers off the Moroccan coast between Tangier and Casablanca. Even to me, this seemed unusual behavior for leviathans, so I reached out to a couple of contacts.**

- **The lovely Bubbles is quite correct. While pods of leviathans have been sighted transitioning between the northern and southern polar regions, their behavior in this instance was outside all established norms for the species. Though in light of what comes next, it would appear to be the preferred option.**

- **Deep Six**

**The next oddity I’ve managed to cobble together happened in the Indian Ocean, roughly six hundred kilometers from Mauritius. The MV** _**Rock Orchid**_ **, a large livestock carrier some 200 meters long and 29 meters at the beam with a draught of 9 meters, carried roughly 25,000 head of fne Australian cattle. The ship declared mayday before disappearing from all sensors. By the time a maritime patrol tilt-wing from Mauritius could get on scene, the sea was slick with blood and diesel. The aircraft recorded the presence of several adult humpback whales circling the wreckage while twenty megalodons swam about inside the perimeter formed by the whales, eating all cows that made it to the surface. Using a submersible drone, the black-box data recorder determined that a**

**group of ten humpback whales coordinated their breaches to force the ship to begin rolling, and they then charged the ship—physically striking it in sequence in the same spots to cause the ship to snap at the keel. As the bow and stern began to sink, the cargo pens were opened to the sea, and the cattle could make their escape, only to be eaten by the megalodons that had followed the whales. No bodies of the crew were ever recovered: all sixty-two souls on board were lost.**

- **Humpback whales do not gather in these numbers except when an especially plentiful food source has been located or when males vie for a female. The footage from the rescue plane does not tally with any of those circumstances. And humpback whales do not attack ships in that manner. And megalodons are solitary predators—they rarely gather at all. And they wouldn’t operate in what would appear to be coordination with the humpback whales.**

- **Deep Six**

- **It gets better. The sensors on the rescue plane detected a significant reading on their MAD array. It appeared to the pilot that the MAD sensor was malfunctioning, but when a technician went over the entire sensor suite, they couldn’t find any faults. When the tech went back and examined the recorded sensor output, the anomaly was discovered.**

- **Thorn**

- **Who deployed the drone to obtain the black box?**

- **Glitch**

- **A squadron of Royal Australian Navy frigates arrived on scene six hours after the mayday was sent. Took almost twenty-four hours for the crews of the three ships to recover the box, though. They also recovered the ship’s bell and some hull plates for analysis.**

- **Bubbles**

- **Thorn, Bubbles, think you could get copies of the data from the plane, drones, and black box?**

- **Glitch**

- **I’ll see what I can do.**

- **Thorn**

- **Ditto!**

- **Bubbles**

**At roughly the same time the** _**Rock Orchid**_ **broadcast her mayday, a Wuxing Worldwide Shipping UHCS entered Vladivostok with hull damage to her stern and some damage to her propulsor pods.**

**Meanwhile, the MV** _**Sunlight Breeze**_ **docked and offoaded without incident, but her master reported four impacts in very quick succession as they were transiting the Sea of Japan. Initially this was suspected of being some kind of attack by Maersk, since it resulted in the ship being taken out of ser-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**vice for weeks for repairs. But upon analysis of the sonar and other sensor data, including visual, millimeter wave radar, and ultrasonic imaging of the hull damage, it was determined that something hit the** _**Sunlight Breeze**_ **. This was something far larger than a torpedo or any other known weapon, if my source is being truthful.**

**Another incident I’ve heard about happened in the North Sea, about 150 kilometers north of the UK. A Proteus AG-fagged Sea-class cargo sub by the name of MV** _**Trenchrunner**_ **had performed an emergency blow to reach the surface after their dorsal rudder became inoperable. The sub was towed to Grangemouth Port in Scotland and offoaded before beginning repairs. The delay was caused by the ship’s master being unable or unwilling to defne his cargo’s worth for the Lloyd’s Open Form Salvage Contract, but worsening seas convinced the master to sign the contract anyway so the tug could get them to port quickly. Word is that tug made a mint, as well as some other sweeteners. And before anyone asks, no, I don’t know the details; no mariner is going to spew that level of detail across the table in a pub!**

- **I heard the owner/operator will be taking delivery of another tug within the next ninety days. And all the crew, current and future, are going under the knife for upgrades.**

- **The Soton Squire**

- **I heard the owner’s new ship was going to be a lot bigger than a seagoing tug.**

- **Traveler Jones**

**These are just the tip of the iceberg! Through my contacts, I’ve got many more situations I could talk about. Such as the one where a pod of dolphins supposedly led a freighter to run aground off Alaska, or the one where three different feeder ships out of Sydney reported being attacked by gungir whales on consecutive days. One of them even punched a hole straight through the hull and into a fuel bunker.**

- **I’m sorry, my dear, but I have to call poppycock on that! The gungir’s tusk, while potentially hard enough to go through the proper amount of steel to puncture the bunkerage, would still need far more force than a gungir can generate with its tail.**

- **Deep Six**

- **There’s quite a lot of footage for those attacks, Prof. While it could be some is fake, the sheer amount makes me think it’s legit.**

- **> Bubbles**

- **But … it’s inconceivable! I must have the footage analyzed. Could you obtain several sets, please?**

- **Deep Six**

- **As you wish.**

- **Bubbles**
