---
id: SP-0076
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Unseelie Court Allies
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Unseelie Court Allies**

**If some Unseelie Court operatives decide to lend assistance to Dis, who will they reach out to for assistance? (I hope it goes without saying that they would never identify themselves as Unseelie operatives while seeking these partnerships, but look, I said it anyway.)**

**The key would be to connect with Faustians. Unseelie operatives would be unlikely to do any of this overtly, so fnding an organization that has been undermined somehow and then allying with it would exactly ft how their operatives like to work. That brings up the challenge of one covert**

**organization (one that is only an “organization” in the loosest sense of the word) trying to contact another. How exactly do you fnd a Faustian?**

**Auras, that’s how. I’m pretty confdent that Unseelie operatives have embarked on a widespread campaign of aura analysis at the upper levels of the most powerful organizations in the world. To be perfectly frank, I have no idea how they are conducting their analysis. I haven’t learned of any distinctive patterns shown by Faustians, and even if such things existed, I assume most Faustian covert operatives are skilled at masking. From what I have heard, some with Unseelie sympathies hope Faustians will see their efforts to forge a connection for what they are and will perhaps drop their guard a touch, reach out, and unite.**

**Beyond that, outright Dis allies are diffcult to locate. This often leaves the Unseelie to keep the bloc working against Dis from growing any larger. Some Unseelie operatives have taken to infltrating fence-sitters such as Saeder-Krupp or Horizon to encourage their indecisiveness. In their view, keeping some large powers out of the fray counts as a victory.**

- **The playbook for this is well established. Back in the old United States in the twentieth century, the Soviet Union actively supported anti-nuclear-weapon, pro-peace movements (at least until they got their own nukes). Their instinct for selfpreservation overlapped with pacifists’ desire for peace, and they spread the (not entirely incorrect) idea that any participation in violence encourages violence. That’s the kind of message they’ll try to spread through things like Saeder-Krupp’s Corporate Oversight Office—the idea that S-K simply should not be escalating interplanar violence in these troubled times.**

- **> Frosty**
