---
id: SP-0234
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Possible Flashpoint: Areas in North Woods of Wisconsin - Posted By: \<<<Redacted>>>'
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Possible Flashpoint: Areas in North Woods of Wisconsin**

## **Posted By: \<<<Redacted>>>**

**I’m going to assume most of you reading this are urban types as smaller towns aren’t common these days. Most rural areas and megafarms are run by megacorps and tended by drones. Most feld workers in industrial agriculture are drone techs. Still, there’re a lot of small towns outside the sprawls that are populated by independent souls. The majority of small towns are now corp towns. A corp town is bought by one of the megacorps (or a subsidiary), which turns all of the local industry towards exploiting a local resource or manufacturing goods. Almost everyone in town works for the corp, and the local government positions are flled with corporate appointees. As in an arcology, the corp controls everything, including the culture. Anyone who struggles against corporate dominance or doesn’t ft in is ostracized as a pariah.**

**I used to work for Ares—security work, mostly. My last tour was cushy, a corp town in northern Wisconsin. Lots of forests, farmland, and fresh water. It was a nice, though there were dangerous critters there. The town had been on the verge of economic collapse, and then Ares swept in, bought everything out, gave everyone jobs, and took control. Most were grateful, transferring their patriotism for the UCAS to Ares. It was surprising how quickly everyone got on board. I’d been expecting unrest from the civilians, but they loved us. It was a good gig. For the frst time in my career, the job felt clean.**

**And then those bastards showed up. Higher-ups from corporate with their own soldiers, they shipped in cargo we weren’t allowed to inspect. They set up their own perimeter, with me and mine under strict orders to stay out. We were employed to guard some of the roads heading toward the off-limits zone, and that was as close as we got.**

**Word gets around quickly in a small town. It wasn’t long before everyone was talking about the arrivals. I was pestered incessantly, as people assumed that I’d be in the loop. It just reminded me how much I wasn’t. For the frst time in a while, I didn’t feel welcome. People assumed I was keeping secrets, and they resented me for it. The town’s mood gradually turned sour.**

**A few weeks after the outsiders arrived (everyone in town started calling them that) the critters started acting up. Paranormal critters attacking people wasn’t anything new, but this was different. The frst wave was a rush of bandits, hundreds of them swarming the town. They broke into houses, garages, sheds, vehicles, dumpsters—you name it. And they were feisty and territorial, more aggressive than we’re used to. A dozen people were killed**



**trying to chase them off. That riled the town up, and we had plenty of civilian “help” with the problem. Ten more people were killed by accidental discharge and friendly fre incidents. But that was just the beginning. We thought the bandits were bad, but much more aggressive perytons, horned bears, mantichoras, and other nasties came out of the woodwork. Mundane beasties freaked out as well—some of them wanted to fee, while others turned aggressive. Everyone on my team got used to regular rabies shots, and it was rare for a day to go by without someone getting bit. Between the critter attacks and the frearms accidents, the friendly social order degraded into hostility and paranoia.**

**It didn’t take long for the locals to blame the outsiders. At a town hall meeting, my squad was requested to go against our orders and investigate the site. Before the meeting adjourned, one of the outsider offcers showed up and countermanded this. I thought for sure there’d be a violent reaction from the civvies, but after some shouting, they grumbled and went home. I was relieved that I wouldn’t be asked to violate my orders, and more so that I hadn’t been ordered to stand against the civvies. For the frst time in my career, I didn’t know what I would have done.**

**It wasn’t long before the civvies took matters into their own hands. Another meeting took place, one I wasn’t invited to, and they decided to send a delegation to the site. A group of six people, including a minister/shaman, several retired veterans, and one of the centaurs snuck past the perimeter and approached the site. They never returned, but one of them had a drone set up to transmit what they saw and heard. There wasn’t a lot of detail—a bunch of tents, foodlights, soldiers, lots of trucks. As soon as the group was spotted, they tried to identify themselves but were fred upon immediately. The footage was shaky, and the transmission cut off amid several explosions. This got out around town immediately, and that’s when all hell broke loose.**

**I’d like to say that we worked together, went out there, and stopped those bastards. But that’s not what happened. Almost everyone in town both owned and knew how to use guns. I tried to talk them down as best I could but was almost shot for it. If I hadn’t backed down and skipped town, I would have been shot dead for certain by someone. Instead, I went AWOL and headed for Detroit. There’s plenty of work there for someone like me, and little likelihood that Ares will be coming for me there.**

**What happened after I left? Well, it got messy. The people who rushed the site were wiped out, and more forces were deployed. Last I heard, the town’s living under the equivalent of martial law. Anyone with the guts to stand up to them has either been killed or run off.**

**When I heard about this Dis thing going on and looked into it more, I realized what happened out there. I think of all the isolated, corp-controlled towns far from prying eyes, out in the wilderness where there’s so much life and magic, and I wonder how many other towns are being used the same way. How many remote places are under the control of a single megacorp that has allied itself with those things? And how could they ever be stopped?**

- **Post-incident analysis of recovered footage indicates that the troops pictured were in fact Aztechnology operatives masquerading as Ares security.**

- **Torrent**
