---
id: SP-0176
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Additional Game Information: Seelie Court'
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Additional Game Information: Seelie Court**

**The Seelie know that the magic of Brocéliande and the Seelie Court is slowly seeping out of the Yellowstone Calamity and into the Sixth World. Emperor Hak-Jin arrives stating he represents the new group and has created a political stalemate within the Seelie Court over this fact. The Aes Sidhe Banrigh, Comet, Dragon, Higher Power, and Magicians factions wish to openly intervene against Emperor Hak-Jin’s new benefactors, either for continual power or to protect the fate of a Sixth World. Others believe the actions of these new benefactors are not a concern to the fae and that any resource used to help the Sixth World would be better used elsewhere. Yet another group gaining infuence is the Death and Hermit factions. Emperor Hak-Jin has set up a meeting with members of those factions and a Disian. The Death and Hermit factions are convinced that Dis has the knowledge and ability to repair the sophisticated fracturing of the Faerie Plane and are asking that the Seelie Court remove all their resources and infuence from the Sixth World to allow them to complete their project.**

**a move that she can follow to get enough evidence for the Seelie Court to take action.**

**How does all this play to the Disian plans? The ruling council of Dis believes that if left alone, it is likely that the Seelie Court would side with the Sixth World early on and create a major obstacle for the mana harvest. Therefore, they devised a plan to use the Seelie Court’s very nature and hidden fears against it. By Emperor Hak-Jin extending friendship to the Seelie Court on Dis’ behalf, they are creating three possible outcomes—all of which are in the Disians’ favor. First, the Queen may still persuade the rest of the Court to act on behalf of the Sixth World. However, this will be a lengthy process, and when they act, it could be too late. Second, they take no action at all, eliminating a possible ally for the Sixth World, which to the Disians is as good as defeating the Court. Finally, the Seelie Court sides with Dis. Though it is not expected, there is some non-zero probability of it being an outcome.**

**The Disians have several secrets they are hiding from the Court. While they have the knowledge and ability to repair the fractures, once the Disians complete the harvest, the Faerie Metaplane will be even more damaged because of the connection through the Yellowstone Calamity. Worse still, the process of repair will no longer be possible. No matter the outcome of the representative mission to the Seelie Court, the Court will bring about its demise. Finally, the Yellowstone Calamity was accelerated by Dis. They used Emperor Hak-Jin to gain access to the site and performed the ritual that destroyed one of the tarot cards that Dis acquired. The amount of magic within the card helped create the link between the two worlds. If any of these truths are somehow exposed, the careful plans of the Dis will be undone and the Court will move wholly against them.**

**Lady Brane Deigh had been concerned about a third party working against the fae for decades; those concerns became outright worry when it was discovered that the Rite of Magnetic Attraction had been used against the entire court. She had worked with Liam O’Connor to catalog all members of the court and had then allowed the Tuatha dé Danann to use thaumaturgical rituals to ensure the doors of Brocéliande were only open for those who belong. Those plans, however, did not get put in place in time to stop the Yellowstone Calamity.**

**She is disgusted that the Seelie Court is in a deadlock, so she asked Garbh Filíochta, one of her most trusted assets, to have one of her agents leak information to the Sixth World. She hopes that someone will put enough pressure on a neutral faction to move them or the unknown enemy will make**

**==> picture [35 x 372] intentionally omitted \<==**

**that successful, a magical tarot card, or something equivalent, had to be at the center of the spell’s power.**

**Court per se, but as the title suggests, it discusses the Ebon Queen as well as other evolving events on that front. > Glitch**

**Whatever or whomever this new party is, they have the power to alter the Book of Memories, threatening not only Brocéliande but our world as well.**

**The information on the Emissary’s infuence within the Seelie Court brings up another related matter that needs to be discussed—the Unseelie Court and its guide, the Ebon Queen. When news of what the Disians had planned for the material plane was uncovered, I had assumed that both courts could be counted on to help resist the predations of the Dis. It quickly became apparent that the Seelie Court was being manipulated into inaction. While that situation was disappointing, it should not have been entirely unexpected. Far more mystifying was the inaction of the Unseelie Court, and that required some investigation.**

**If you want to know more about the Seelie Court, look up** _**Court of Shadows—**_ **there is a lot of not-so-public information there.**
