---
id: SP-0178
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Frosty'
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Frosty**

- **Okay, before anyone gets bent out of shape, yes, we know there was already a data dump on the Unseelie Court. But that’s the nature of information and the situation we face; it’s always changing and evolving. That, and (as already stated) the courts have always been a bit difficult to pin down. So, we got this bit of data after the previous posting went out. And I thought it would be prudent to post it here as a sort of update or supplement, because this post isn’t so much about the Unseelie**



**her own in exchange for her support, or at least her inaction. That long unobtained prize being no less than the freedom of her former lover, Harlequin.**

**In order to understand the signifcance of that, I’ll provide some background. For starters, the Ebon Queen is an elf from this world named Aina Dupree. Before her disappearance—or more accurately, her presumed death—she was known by a select few to be an immensely powerful mage and a peer of Lugh Surehand, Ehran the Scribe, and Harlequin. I’m not going to spell out what that means. During Ghostwalker’s closure of the Watergate Rift, the backlash of magical energy would have destroyed all of those assembled and most of DeeCee, but Aina provided enough mystic protection that the sprawl and the most powerful attendees survived. It was assumed that the effort destroyed her, and later her “death” became the source of Harlequin’s vendetta against Ghostwalker. The truth, uncovered much later, was that she was physically pulled into the metaplanes with her magic temporarily depleted. Eventually she was tracked down and captured by Queen Alachia, who imprisoned her on Fauth-Doshgoi, a metaplane ruled by the shedim and shadow spirts known as got. Lord Gwyn, an Unseelie Court sympathizer, discovered the truth about her imprisonment at some point and put plans in motion to free her. An extraction from the metaplane using shadowrunners was arranged by myself, but for it to succeed Alachia would frst have to be otherwise occupied. Harlequin provided that distraction, luring Alachia to an isolated glen just outside the Seelie Court and confronting her while the rescue was taking place. Events quickly escalated into confict, and the battle nearly destroyed both combatants. While gravely wounded, Alachia eventually gained the upper hand over Harlequin, leaving him defeated and at her mercy.**

**I can only speculate on what happened afterward, but it wasn’t long before a new Court Jester was installed using the name Gan Duine—roughly translated as “John Doe,” or unknown person. This was Harlequin, but robbed of his memories and free will. While the entire Court recognizes this, none will risk crossing Alachia by acknowledging the truth; the Court simply plays along with the farce. As to Alachia, it was over a year before she was seen in the Court again, wearing a silver mask covering the left side of her face. Apparently Harlequin left her with a souvenir she’s been unable to recover from. Once released from Fauth-Doshgoi, Aina Dupree assumed the name of the Ebon Queen and built connections to others with Unseelie Court leanings. She soon realized that her freedom had come at the cost of Harlequin’s, so she began a shadow war with Alachia and her supporters, attempting to discover how to restore his memories and release him from his mental prison. So now we’re back to the original problem—to**

**==> picture [246 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 323] intentionally omitted \<==**
