---
id: SP-0098
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Pushing the Levers of Power
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pushing the Levers of Power**

**It’s important to remember that the Black Lodge has spent decades putting their members in seats of power. They are now in position to wield some of that power against Dis. It’s no secret that the Lodge has penetrated multiple parts of the UCAS government, meaning they have access to considerable intelligence and defense operations. I can state that this is not the only government where this is the case, though I’m not at liberty to disclose which ones.**

- **If they don’t have some highly placed people in Azania, I’ll eat my hat.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

**Of course, in our world, government power is eclipsed by corporate power. The Lodge can wield some of this, but not to the level of their national infuence. Clearly, they are not going to bend an entire AAA corp to their will, and dominating an AA corp is also a considerable challenge. The A level, though, is a spot where they can do some damage, especially if it’s an A-corp in the right location.**

**What would be the right location? Oceti Sakowin would be a natural spot, especially if there was easy access to the Yellowstone Anomaly. Toldeen Tech turned out to be the right company. With signifcant facilities in Butte and lots of local hiring, the Lodge has managed to get some people moving up the ranks quickly, so they have some supervisory conditions covered. That may not seem like much, but marshaling a crew of miners and their equipment at the right time has value.**

- **We’re seriously talking about how a mining crew is going to help take on Dis now?**

- **Hard Exit**

- **We are. First of all, never underestimate the power of industrial equipment. Moving large amounts of earth in short order can**

**==> picture [36 x 151] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**do a surprising amount of good. Then there’s what you can get by digging. Butte has lots of copper, and there are reports of an orichalcum vein lying under the copper. If they can excavate it quickly, it could provide a lot of benefits. It would mean destroying some of the copper, which their corporate masters do not want, so there would be some conflict there. But a supervisor could make it happen.**

**> Mika**
