---
id: SP-0023
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Disian Battleplan
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Disian Battleplan**

**To understand Disian strategy, one needs to understand the Disian mindset (as much as we can). First, the Dis are manipulators, puppet masters**

**working behind the scenes who convince others to do their bidding. This** _**modus operandi**_ **permeates Disian culture. In essence, the more people they can manipulate or control, the more powerful they’re regarded. Combined with an “art of the deal” mindset that also permeates Disian society, Disians believe everyone and everything else is simply a means to their ends. For Disians, that is Plan A. And if that doesn’t work, they go for Plan B: send in their minions and their nightmare weapons, the chimera.**

**More on them later.**

**Second, Disians aren’t rash. Almost to a fault, they meticulously plan, gather, obfuscate, then quietly maneuver. When Disians fnally move, you don’t realize that you’ve already lost. This is how they were able to thoroughly infltrate the material plane. But it only partially explains how they were caught off guard when the Disians enacted this sudden blitz within the shadows.**

- **I’m still floored on how such an operation kicked off without any of us in the shadows knowing anything about it. That alone scares the drek out of me.**

- **Cosmo**

- **Indeed. Two of my expeditionary units on garrison contract were hit in South America. Losses were serious but the base commanders, to their credit, kept their drek together and stuck to proper defensive and security protocols. We had to abandon our posts under heavy fire, but were able to evacuate most of our forces in good order with only moderate losses.**

- **Picador**

**Third, the Disians don’t stop until they achieve their goals. Once a Disian decides on something, all that matters is obtaining it. They do so with a determination that borders on psychotic obsession. They may take years, decades, or even centuries, but a Disian is nothing if not persistent. Newly decrypted reports indicate that many Disians over the centuries have met their end because of this mindset, and they wouldn’t back down even in the face of their destruction.**

- **Sounds to me like a species that’s never been told “no” before. Entitlement at its scariest.**

- **Arete**
