---
id: SP-0077
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Unseelie Court Opponents
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Unseelie Court Opponents**

**The Seelie Court, obviously, is one, but that should be clear enough by now to need no further discussion. I want to get right to the real interesting confict, where two shadowy, secretive entities are now shadow-boxing against each other, desperately throwing haymakers at opponents they can’t see and never being sure if they have ever landed a blow.**

**I’m speaking of the Black Lodge. Pinning down the Black Lodge has never been easy, because their entire structure is built upon not being pinned down (though not quite to the same extreme as the Unseelie Court). The only certainty is that they are accruing power by inserting operatives in high places, but it’s not clear why. Was their ultimate goal power for power’s sake, or was there something else they wanted?**

**In the wake of the Yellowstone Calamity, one other position of theirs became more clear: They had absolutely no affection for the Seelie Court. They inserted agents into different levels of the Court, promoted the Shadow faction, and under-**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**mined Lady Brane Deigh at every turn. While they didn’t seem to ever make any direct connections with Unseelie operatives, they shared goals with them. Or at least, it looked like they did.**

**So why, with a large threat to the Seelie Court emerging, does it seem like the Black Lodge is siding with the Seelie Court against Dis? I’m not sure why, but by all appearances, that’s what’s happening. Much of the swirling turmoil against Lady Deigh has fallen silent. The Seelie Court has become very unifed, with some of the more contrary voices suddenly growing silent. Any anti-Dis initiatives are advanced quickly, with little dissent. And other outside powers previously thought to be aligned with the Black Lodge suddenly are lending their support to anti-Dis efforts.**

**The only thing that is clear from this is that as much as the Black Lodge dislikes the Seelie Court, they seem to dislike Dis even more.**

- **There’s a perception that the Seelie Court can be dealt with more easily than Dis, because their desires line up better with people of our plane. Disians seem to want to exploit us, while the Seelie Court is more willing to work with us in some ways. They may still have the goal of acquiring power, like the Disians, but it’s not the same view of using that power to overwhelm us.**

- **> Jimmy No**

**By all accounts, then, the Black Lodge is now working against Dis and partnering with the Seelie Court to do so, which puts them in opposition to at least some elements of the Unseelie Court. Now the issue is what each side will do about it.**

**I get the sense that the Black Lodge would prefer to do nothing about the Unseelie Court. They know Unseelie operatives are not united in their interest in cooperating with Dis, so they hope that will keep them scattered and not able to fully focus on newly forged Seelie allies such as themselves. It’s like walking through a meadow in summer— you mainly hope the mosquitos will leave you alone if you move quickly enough, but the only action you’ll take is swatting at the individuals who annoy you, rather than attempting to take on the entire local swarm.**

**The Unseelie Court, at least those among their number inclined to cooperate with Dis, are not as laissez-faire as the Black Lodge.**

- **All right, I’m calling BS. You’ve spent most of this write up saying how much we don’t know about these groups, how secretive they are, and now you’re privy to their late-breaking thoughts about a developing issue? How?**

- **Chainmaker**

- **Elijah won’t say this, but I will. Not too long ago, we discovered that one of our members had deep Black Lodge connections. There is ongoing disagreement about his place here, but I’ll tell**

**you this much: Elijah hasn’t stopped talking to him. So he likely has some good inside information. > Mika**

- **So talking about our sources is a thing we do now? I’ll go after everyone else starts.**

- **Elijah**

**The upshot is, the Seelie Court and any Black Lodge-infuenced areas are going to be extremely weird for a while, as both sides conduct elaborate guessing games to try to identify each other. When you have no good way of establishing whether your guesses are correct but feel you need to act on them anyway, you get a lot of unexpected actions and a ton of post hoc reasoning as people try to explain to themselves and others why the sudden leap in violence they made was justifed and defnitely not deranged.**

- **If you’re wondering what Elijah means when he says “Black Lodge-influenced areas,” think DeeCee. The Black Lodge’s efforts to infiltrate UCAS government are well known in these parts, and just because that government has lost a lot of its strength doesn’t mean the Lodge is about to let go. If Unseelie operatives want to hit one of the Black Lodge seats of power, this is where they’ll look. Things are going to get really embroiled in espionage games, and the intelligence agencies are going to become super jumpy.**

- **Winterhawk**
