---
id: SP-0171
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: 2XL'
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: 2XL**

**The Mafa as we know it today got its start some 200 years ago on the Mediterranean island of Sicily, where the rule of omertà was starting to spread. The establishment of the Sicilian gangs was not unlike that of other ethnic mobs that arose across the world.**

**The Null Sect are inclined to be neutral in the current confict—they barely understand what magic is and do not really care if the Sixth World loses its mana. They do, however, believe that the Sixth World is theirs to conquer, and they could be convinced to defend it against outsiders if handled correctly. If recruited, the Null Sect would be the ultimate spies, accessing Dis in a way that the Disians do not know how to defend against. They could also be convinced to help unravel the Disian language using their immense linguistic skills if the proper incentives could be found.**

**To this day, many individuals have romantic notions of the Cosa Nostra. People believe Hollywood propaganda that portrays the Mafa as protectors of the underprivileged and businessmen in a society where crime is an acceptable strategy. It’s no different from any other corporate strategic plan except that the Mafa’s enterprises are illegal.**

**There are some customs and ideals that some people fnd beautiful, others fnd strict laws to follow. The Dons are businesspeople, but dirty ones. The Mafa is, at best, a hypocritical organization that promotes honor while also dealing with the deterioration of the metahuman body and soul. It will defend communities while also dealing with**

**Of course, if the Disians become aware of the Null Sect, they could easily bribe them by ofering access to other metaplanes with more developed Matrix equivalents, convincing them to stay neutral or even join with Dis.**



**illegal substances and selling the fesh of the weak and defenseless to feed its greed. It will provide justice for those who are unable to get it for themselves and then will kill and maim for any perceived offense. At its worst, it is a cold-blooded money-making machine, a soulless company that reduces its clients to abstract fgures so it’s easier to make and market its abhorrent goods.**

**A little over a decade ago, a change happened within the Mafa families. Everyone is aware that the children of the modern Mafa need to wait to assume their position of authority in the family, but not all of them want it. Many of them wanted out of the business when they saw their friends and classmates get jobs making tons of nuyen without worrying about someone coming up and shooting them. So they started looking. But all those youngsters with expensive business, international fnance, or engineering degrees who just graduated from college couldn’t fnd legal employment because of the stigma attached to their family names. With no other options, they went back to their families, where their parents gave them control of some operations or gave them the keys to the restaurant chain that makes up the family’s legal assets.**

**In the past, the next generation was happy to learn the ropes or eliminate leadership and then take over to create their legacy. Lately, that’s been changing. Children of the Mafa from across America and Europe are upset that they have no other options** _**except**_ **to join the family business. Their similar circumstances are allowing them to cross blood and family obstacles to create a path they can use to leave. Sure, they’re currently working in Mafa-owned and -operated corporations, but the Mafa is business at heart. This new generation is all set in legal ventures to help the family cover up their income. They’ve taken those same skills and combined them with their intelligence and education to create alternative revenue streams that never existed before. As of now, I don’t think the families are fully aware of the extent of the operations.**

**The primary pure Mafa shell corporation in is Franklin Associates Inc., an A-rated transnational that mainly operates in the UCAS and CAS. They handle by-contract city services, such as frefghting and waste management.**

**The European equivalent is Trans-Europa Inc., a holding company for managing legitimate Mafa investments from multiple families, a discreet way to grow fortunes and maybe launder a little cred. Different types of investment schemes are handled by its subsidiaries: Trans-Scotia, Trans-Germania, etc. There are some interlocking directorates with Franklin Associates.**

**The younger generations’ ventures all started with Mhari Anastasi when she was a middle manager in Franklin Associates’ waste management**

**division in Atlanta. Her entrepreneurial spirit helped her create a side hustle that the older Mafosos hadn’t realized. She makes sure that all the trash from the Atlantean Foundation headquarters is dumped at a warehouse, where it’s combed through by a forensic accountant and a theoretical thaumaturgist before being shipped off to the recycling plant. She then passes any information she fnds up to Christopher Morelli, who sells or barters it off to the highest bidder. Chris was quick to realize the potential and runs the extra money through a new company he created called Q-gene-9, making it so the families are never aware of the extra funds.**

**The son of a Boston capo, Chris worked through an MBA at Harvard, and I think he’s been getting with the other Mafa princes and princesses and putting together his own little Mafa-corp. On e-paper, Q-gene-9 looks like they’re doing their jobs, but every single one of ’em is also engaged in illegal and quasi-legal operations. How they’re keeping all these operations secret from the families and the implications if they get caught would rock the Mafa organization to its core.**

- **So, these highly educated Mafia kids are spinning up companies, running tons of nuyen through them, and all working together?**

- **> Mr. Bonds**

- **It looks that way.**

- **Cover**

**Data suggest they’re running millions of nuyen through these organizations. Some of the money is coming from the side or unique proft-making opportunities. Other funds are the results of shadow operations, for whom or what I don’t know. I can tell they’re all into fnancial scams, using Mafa money to make bigger fortunes, which they hide from the families and funnel into Q-gene-9. I believe the company’s name is a play on words for** _**cugine**_ **, Italian for the word “cousin.” If you’re in the Mafa,** _**cugine**_ **means a young person striving to be made.**

- **For the record, they’re hiring.**

- **Kane**

- **If this blows up, it’s going to be bad.**

- **Juice Box**

- **You mean when this blows up, right?**

- **High Road**

- **I’m impressed by what they’ve accomplished in such a short time.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
