---
id: SP-0293
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Hook
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Hook**

**Lucia Quipp, a Johnson working for Horizon, wants to hire the players for a mission. She meets them at an exclusive local nightclub, throwing in VIP access to the club for a year as a nice bonus for meeting with her. If the players have worked with Lucia before and already have VIP club access, they can be content with knowing that she’ll be paying for their drinks.**

**After some drinks and dancing, Lucia meets the players in one of the club’s secure conference rooms. where she tells them about the job: This is a datasteal from a remote MCT Zero Zone that is manufacturing devices for the Disians. Lucia is open about the Disian threat and tells the players that Horizon is working to expose the megacorporations that are working with the Dis. She expects that the site will be well-protected, guarded by MCT corpsec and combat drones, and with a reasonable possi-**



**bility of encountering chimera. A stealth approach is best, but the methods are ultimately up to the players. She can provide some details about the site that have been recorded by stealthy reconnaissance drones. Due to the clandestine nature of the work being done here, she expects that any detailed fles will be directly loaded onto the manufacturing machinery, which will not be running wirelessly. The players will need to sneak into the factory building and make a direct connection to one of the machines in order to acquire the data. If they are also able to acquire any of the devices being produced there, Lucia will double the fee for this job—which is already substantial due to the danger.**
