---
id: SP-0198
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Casablanca, Morocco - Status: Contested'
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Casablanca, Morocco**

## **Status: Contested**

**Morocco in general has been a hotbed of activity for most of its existence. The country’s numerous ports are key strategic assets vital to the transportation and distribution of materials and equipment throughout the Mediterranean, into the Atlantic, points beyond, and vice versa.**

**To interdict Disian-aligned shipping, anti-Disian “pirate” attacks have increased. Unfortunately, the Royal Moroccan Navy has proven to be effective in countering a signifcant number of these attacks. This has forced local Grey Cell operatives and their allies in the area to get creative with their methodology and tactics.**

- **One tactic that’s been employed is hackers sending doctored information to the RMN that certain ships have been hijacked or are terrorist Trojan Horses looking to destroy a harbor once they dock. Once the ships are interdicted, they find scores of kidnapped metahumans. Problem is, Disian spin masters have convinced the Moroccan officials that these are simply poor victims of metahuman trafficking, not fuel to be used in extradimensional beings’ efforts to destroy the planet.**

- **> Pistons**

- **While effective, this tactic can only be used so many times before the Moroccans catch on and change their protocols. It also doesn’t do much if the ship in question is carrying Harvester parts. Unless you’re an expert, they look just like any other heavy machinery. All that does is slow a ship down for a few hours—days at the most.**

- **> Am-Mut**

- **I don’t know. Seems like an ideal time to sneak someone on board for all sorts of shenanigans, if you ask me.**

- **Ma’Fan**

**Additionally, the Moroccan city of Casablanca continues to be a hotbed of espionage activity in the region. Datasteals and sabotage (especially among corporate targets) have been on the rise in recent months. Unfortunately, assassination rates have also increased, spiking dramatically during the Week of Death after leveling out. Moroccan police and security forces have tried to keep the peace, but the country is still reeling and in a state of near panic.**

- **There are many who used the chaos to settle old, longstanding grievances or make moves to gain or retain their power. Expect new power players to emerge soon to fill the vacuums of power left behind.**

- **Fennec**


**out the word that it would be bad for anyone to assist certain individuals or organizations (re: Disian interests). As such, the Disian hold over Lagos has lessened, for now at least. Local sources are expecting some kind of retaliation sooner than later.**
