---
id: SP-0120
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Evo - Posted by: Buttercup'
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Evo**

## **Posted by: Buttercup**

- **For those of you who don’t know, Buttercup is a free spirit known for being somewhat … eccentric, sometimes erratic. As of this posting, she is also Evo’s largest shareholder. This grants her a certain amount of authority within the corporation, a situation she takes full advantage of to push forward her own pet projects and steer Evo’s course. She’s also a very powerful free spirit who is used to getting her own way, for better or worse. I’m not sure how she heard about JackPoint wanting paydata regarding Evo’s recent status and the Disian situation, but this is what arrived in my inbox. Warning to all, this post gets a little weird at times.**

- **Glitch**

- **So basically, typical Evo drek. Got it.**

- **Icarus**

- **No, it kicks things up a notch. But you can still pull out useful paydata from it, if you can see past some of the hyperbole.**

- **Bull**

- **Niiiiice *gets out popcorn***

- **Plan 9**

**I plan on making Evo the Disians’ worst nightmare.**

**Why? Because we represent everything they hate. They are parasites, we are creators. They are oppressive, we offer freedom for people to be themselves. They impose dogmatic societal restrictions that keep control in the hands of a select few, we seek unity through our collective differences and common goals. They manipulate and get others to do the work for them, while we are ready to roll up our sleeves in order to get the job done.**

**I don’t think I need to say any more. Two opposites such as Evo and the Disians, destined to clash. So be it. We are in this fght, not simply for survival, but because the Disians laugh at us. Much like those of this metaplane, many see Evo as a**



**joke, nothing more than a collection of misfts and freaks. Which is a laughable statement, considering the reality of the Sixth World.**

- **Okay, before we get too far on this, there’s something everyone needs to know. So far, Buttercup is being somewhat dishonest. What she’s saying is technically true, but she’s leaving out a very key detail. Seems that Evo tried to negotiate with the Disians to get a piece of the action. Instead, the Disians humored them for a time, then basically rebuffed any offers and then quietly ignored them. Madame Buttercup here was furious. Seems she doesn’t like being told “no” by anyone.**

- **Plan 10**

- **Oh, come on! Spoilers!**

- **Plan 9**

- **Wait, what? I thought 9 and 10 were the same person.**

- **Rambler Rose**

- **Yes, no. Things change, and it’s complicated.**

- **Plan 10**

- **But more fun.**

- **Plan 9**

- **Okay, back on track. So basically, Evo isn’t doing this because it’s, you know, the right thing to do, it’s because Buttercup is holding a grudge?**

- **Icarus**

- **Much like Plan 9 and 10, it’s complicated. Buttercup pressured the Evo board to send negotiators to meet with Disian representatives. And she went ballistic when their overtures were pretty much laughed at. But I think the key here is why were the negotiators sent? I’ve heard rumors from my Evo contacts that Buttercup was freaked out as soon as she learned about the Disian infiltration on the material plane. I think it’s possible that this could have been an attempt by Evo to do some infiltrating on their own. I don’t completely buy the grudge angle.**

- **Butch**

- **I’ve also heard rumors that the current mana distortions caused by Disian experimentation have been having odd effects on certain spirits on the material plane. I wonder if Buttercup is having the spirit equivalent of a mental breakdown caused by these disruptions.**

- **Ethernaut**

- **And this is supposed to be an ally? Great.**

- **Scattershot**
