---
id: SP-0207
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Mount Kailash, Tibet
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mount Kailash, Tibet**

**Status: Friendly, Known Site of Power**

**Before the Awakening, Mount Kailash was seen as a holy place, where Buddhists and those of other faiths would make a pilgrimage to fnd enlightenment. Since the Awakening, it has become a location of power where old and new ley lines converge. Since then, several temples have been constructed, most of the Buddhist faith, but other faiths have come as well to form an ad hoc community concerned more with personal spiritual development than adherence to any one kind of religious dogma.**

- **It’s also considered sacred for serious practitioners of martial arts— true martial arts, not the corporate-sponsored blood sports often rammed down our throats. It’s an extremely popular destination for adepts who are looking to discover and explore their own Way or for initiation rites and rituals. Those who have visited Kailash and survived have a certain amount of respect in adept circles. Because make no mistake, this place will test you.**

- **> Treadle**

- **Yes it does.**

- **Rifleman**

**Its remote location makes it a daunting place to visit, let alone live, but that is exactly the point of such a place. Most facilities are considered crude at best. Roads are non-existent and air travel is next to impossible because of unpredictable weather conditions.**

**Because of the sheer magnitude of the mana pools in the area combined with the powerful ley lines, Mt. Kailash has become a prime candidate for a Harvester location. Except that every attempt the Disians have made thus far has failed. Not because of any actual metahuman resistance, but because every attempt by Disian forces to move into the area has been met with a combination of freak accidents, hostile weather, and people simply refusing to go any further.**

**There is a rumor that even a true Disian visited the area two years ago and was … turned back.**

- **If one is meant to be there, the path will be shown. If not, the mountain protects itself and those on their path.**

- **> Many-Names**

- **That may be true, but expeditions from pro-Disian elements are on the rise. Each one is looking to learn the mountain’s secrets, specifically a safe path in. And with all that’s going on, how much longer before the Disians stop playing nice?**

- **Elijah**
