---
id: SP-0338
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Biter Chimera
page: 166
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Biter Chimera**

**Not everyone can survive the process used to create chimera. While sometimes death is the result, other times it leaves the mind shattered and the body stronger than before. Biter chimeras are the result of these mindless failures. When the goal is to simply cause fear or mass hysteria, Disians use Biter chimeras. In addition to their combat abilities and their magically generated fear, Biter chimeras have the ability to digest metahuman fesh to regenerate their own bodies, making them both terrifying and extremely diffcult to destroy.**

**The regeneration power of Biters is less than perfect. Failures accumulate in the rebuilt bodies, and while the regenerated versions can function, they are never as good as the previous version. Eventually, two different types of Biters result.**

**The frst is known as the Fast Biter. These have just recently undergone the chimera process and still have most of their motor functions. The second type is known as the Slow Biter. This version has undergone multiple regenerations, limiting its speed and motor function. Slow Biters are often seen shuffing along, arms limp by their sides, the imperfect regeneration leaving bones and muscle exposed. Some of the older Slow Biters will also expel the contents of their stomach. The spray can reach several meters, and the mix of stomach acid and partially digested metahuman fesh can be deadly.**

**While Biters are not sapient, any nearby Disian or Faustian can command them issuing** _**very**_ **simple orders. If not under a command, these chimeras will attack anything moving that draws their attention, with the exception of native Disians, Faustians, or other chimera.**
