---
id: SP-0312
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Mission \u201CBeats\u201D"
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mission “Beats”**

**This mission can play out in several different ways depending on how the player characters wish**



**to approach it. Instead of a linear progression, the players can encounter the following in whatever order the gamemaster determines is best.**

**Eventually the player characters will encounter some of the town’s residents in one of the stores or restaurants. None of them seem willing to leave the building for any reason. While they seem friendly enough at frst, the townspeople will try to use small talk to ascertain why they are here and more importantly, how long they’ll be staying. If the player characters try to ask questions of their own, their inquiries are quickly defected or the subject is changed (politely) and may become irritated, possibly hostile depending on how the player characters behave. If the player characters try to gain lodging in the town, all rooms will be miraculously full or unavailable despite being completely empty. In fact, any townspeople encountered will do their best to ignore or disengage with the player characters at the frst opportune moment.**

**The town has a representative of a small security company called Sundown Security (again an Aztechnology front company several times removed) who acts like a town marshal. Interestingly enough, the portly old dwarf representing Sundown will only be referred to as “Marshal.” If the player characters refuse to move along, he will give them an ultimatum, threatening to call in other marshals if necessary. But Marshal seems more scared than assertive and wants the player characters out as soon as possible.**

**Even if the player characters offer in some way to help or try to explain what they were sent to do, the townspeople refuse to believe them, and they will simply ask that they leave them be.**

**If the players attempt a stealthy recon of the area, they will fnd several peculiar things.**

**First, the town locks and boards itself up at night, almost as if it’s under siege. Additionally, some buildings in the main downtown area and several houses in the residential area surrounding it have signs of obvious damage. Some look like parts have been ripped off, some show signs of fre, others show signs of frearms use.**

**Second, they see no children during their initial investigation, only adults over the age of forty.**

**Third, the farms are not being worked. All workers and harvesting drones are suspiciously absent, and there are signs of crop rot and neglect. What they fnd are large swaths of overturned earth. If the player characters investigate further, they will discover these are in fact mass graves.**

**At some point, the player characters will discover a single male human child (named Randy) running between the houses, looking like he is collecting items in a large bag. If the player characters can follow or track Randy (gamemasters should use a dice pool of 10 for Stealth tests), they’ll see him make several more stops at various houses, picking up things like toys, blankets, snacks, and so on.**
