---
id: SP-0065
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Reagent Shipping
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Reagent Shipping**

**While feng shui is Wuxing’s corporate strength, their business strength (or at least one of them) is shipping. If anyone can direct resources where they need to be, it’s Wuxing. They will make sure Wuxing geomancers have access to all the reagents they need to help them do their work, whether they are assisting Dis or subtly undermining them by preserving our manasphere.**

**The true secret to being a leading shipper is anticipation. If their work was simply reactive, they would respond to orders by gathering materials and sending it to a destination as soon as possible. You don’t get drone delivery in an hour that way. You get it because you have gathered enough in-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**formation to tell you what is likely to be needed on short order, and you have purchased some of whatever it is in advance and stock it in a warehouse where willing drones can grab it.**

**This is what Wuxing is doing—anticipating where reagents will be needed and preemptively shipping them there.**

- **They’re also looking into a question of eternal interest to enchanters: Are some reagents better suited to certain tasks than others? Hardcore MIT&T types will tell you the only difference is weight and concentration—once you figure out how many drams of orichalcum a substance is equal to, all differences have been taken care of. Some traditions, notably those that hew closer to a shamanic way of thinking, have insisted that the differences between reagents are deeper than mere weight. Drop bear saliva, for example, has shown particular use in slowing the spread of HMHVV, while a hair from a baobhan sith is useful in healing and regeneration. If there are any reagents that are especially useful in metaplanar navigation, Wuxing will know soon.**

- **Baka Dabora**

- **The Seelie Court already knows.**

- **Many-Names**
