---
id: SP-0031
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "\u201CLesser\u201D Allies and Unwitting Stooges: Modern Day Quislings"
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **“Lesser” Allies and Unwitting Stooges: Modern Day Quislings**

**The catch-all term for anyone assisting Dis, but not a Faustian or chimera. These individuals and groups are considered by the Disians as inferior (by their standards). However, they are the most dangerous Disian allies we face, because they are essentially … us.**

**Shadowruns, black ops, and so on have always been a haven for those of specifc skill sets and fexible morality. Setting aside any philosophical arguments, for the Disians, shadowrunners and the like-minded have proven to be a gold mine, as they represent a ready supply of people willing to do whatever they are tasked with as long as they’re properly compensated.**

**As such, anyone in the shadows could be an enemy, even if they don’t know it. The very nature of our occupations and existence is being weaponized against us. And while not completely unknown to us, as business** _**is**_ **business after all, it makes knowing who to trust even more diffcult.**

**==> picture [233 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 764] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 764] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [233 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [233 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **There’s also another side to this. Sometimes, you just don’t know. I was hired by one of my normal Mr. Johnsons last month for a simple escort job, riding shotgun with a rigger I’ve worked with many times before. Long story short, we were transporting some valuable cargo, and like the professionals we were, we left the containers be. Not our biz to know what’s inside. Eventually, we were hit hard by not one but two runner teams. Fight was fierce and bloody, but we managed to escape (barely) with the cargo intact. Cost me three of my team and two good chummers. We make the drop, and I get a fat credstick with a bonus for my troubles. I later find out by a neutral contact that we were transporting metahumans to use in those Harvester things. I was sick. Tried to tell myself I was simply being a pro, that it wasn’t my biz. Except that I also found out that most of those containers were holding FRAGGING CHILDREN. Call me out for what I’ve done in the past, I’ll own up to that and square up when the time comes. But that run broke me, and now I won’t stop until those extraplanar fraggers are gone.**

- **Brutus Ex-Mechina**
