---
id: SP-0264
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Who\u2019s Who"
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Who’s Who**

**Dana Hallow is a magician specializing in alchemy. She’s sold her soul to Dis, having been accepted by a patron and granted a Faustian crystal. Her crystal boosts her alchemy abilities and dramatically reduces the drain suffered from creating preparations. Additionally, the Faustian crystal grants Hallow increased protection from spells and critter powers.**

**Hallow’s security detail is made up of several chimeras that were once elite operatives for MCT. Their appearance hasn’t been altered enough to cause suspicion, although they’re rarely seen outside of their**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**full body armor. Hallow’s convoy is small, consisting of only three identical vehicles. These Range Rover Model 2080s are rigger enabled and armed with heavy pop-up turret mounts with RPK HMGs [DV 6P, SA/BF/FA, 1/10/12/8/7, 100 (belt)]. Their armor has also been upgraded to 16, and numerous gun ports have been installed to allow the occupants to fre from within the relative safety of the vehicles’ interior. All three vehicles are piloted by riggers who are directly jacked in. Wireless mode is turned off to prevent enemy hackers from being able to control them or destroy them via Matrix attacks.**

**The frst and third vehicles are decoys, carrying only a rigger and four MCT soldiers—these are not chimera. The second vehicle travels twenty to thirty meters behind the frst, and carries Dana Hallow, her chimera, and a rigger pilot.**

**For Dana Hallow, use the Street Shaman archetype (p. 88,** _**SR6**_ **), but replace Conjuring 5 (Summoning +2) with Enchanting 7 (Alchemy +2) and increase her Logic to 6. Her Faustian crystal reduces drain from alchemy preparations by half and provides her with +8 dice to resist spells and critter powers. It does not interfere with her own magic or preparations. She carries with her several preparations: Increase Refexes, Increase Body, Increase Intuition, Heal, Mana Barrier, and Physical Barrier; all have Potency 6. She has provided all her chimera with an Increase Body preparation, which they’ll activate at the frst sign of trouble.**

**For the chimera, use the following stats.**
