---
id: SP-0248
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Who\u2019s Who"
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Who’s Who**

**Enrique Calavera is a professional Mr. Johnson working for Aztechnology. He generally maintains a low public profle, which includes abstaining from social media, so that he can better keep up the veil of anonymity that protects Aztechnology from being connected to the deniable assets he recruits. Recently he was tasked with acquiring fles on the Evo cybermancy site. After that successful mission, Achcauhtii Gomez (a high-ranking blood mage working directly with the Disians) tasked Calavera with hiring a team to raid the site. Gomez is working to remove potential threats to Disian operations, with cyberzombies representing a signifcant danger to them. Calavera has not been informed of the Disian angle but has become aware of rumors involving metaplanar entities making deals with his superiors and is otherwise ignorant regarding them.**

**Calavera is a skilled negotiator, mundane and minimally augmented to support him in his professional role. For his stat block, use the Face (p. 85,** _**SR6**_ **), though the only stat you will likely need to use is his dice pool (12) for Con and Infuence (Negotiation). His security retinue includes a Combat Mage (p. 82,** _**SR6**_ **), Decker (p. 84,** _**SR6**_ **), and two Street Samurai (p. 87,** _**SR6**_ **).**

**Calavera will not willingly reveal his Aztechnology affliation or any information about Gomez. Other than that, he’s straightforward with any details involving the run and doesn’t attempt to conceal or restrict any information. He sincerely wants the players to succeed and has no intention of betraying them.**
