---
id: SP-0205
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Hong Kong Free Enterprise Zone/South China Sea - Status: Contested'
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Hong Kong Free Enterprise Zone/South China Sea**

## **Status: Contested**

**Given its status as a major corporate and economic hub with almost all major corporations having divisional offces located there, Hong Kong has become the epicenter of Disian confict in the region. Datasteals, extractions, sabotage, and assassinations are up across the board as the fghting threatens to spill out from the shadows into open warfare.**

**There have been multiple reports that new types of infltration chimeras have been deployed in the area as sort of an extended feld test. So far, these have given the Disians an advantage, sowing seeds of distrust among the local shadowrunner community.**

- **They’re not the only ones testing new things. Evo has sent several prototype weapons to select clients in the region specifically for use against chimeras or Faustian magic. So far, there have been few reports to form a consensus on their effectiveness, but one trusted client keeps asking for more. I trust that more than anything.**

- **Red Anya**

- **Evo has also managed to enlist the aid of several street docs in the area, turning their chop-shops into damn-near delta-grade cyberclinics overnight. Not only are runners flocking there for recovery after mixing it up with Disians and chimeras, but also to get some of the latest bleeding-edge ’ware Evo is pumping out.**

- **Butch**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Not to mention a lot of bio-Awakened and combat drugs are now flooding the Hong Kong markets.**

- **> Haze**

**But while the fghting in Hong Kong has been (relatively) contained, the same can’t be said for what’s going on in the surrounding South China Seas, where it’s open warfare.**

**Pirate and privateer activity has spiked since the Week of Death and shows no signs of abatement. One of the biggest targets has been Wuxing Shipping and their multiple subsidiary companies. Ships, ports, even select personnel have all been targeted by anti-Disian forces. Wuxing rivals such as Maersk have also used the attacks to their advantage to undercut Wuxing on shipping contracts and cause damage whenever the opportunity presents itself.**

- **Which Wuxing seems to be ignoring. Normally, Wuxing is relentless in their pursuit of shipping contracts. Now, they suddenly seem content with letting Maersk take more and more of the market.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **You’re missing the bigger picture here. Sure, their commercial shipping contracts are down overall, but they’ve amped up security on select priority shipments. Last time convoys this heavily armed went to sea was the Atlantic runs during WWII. Anyone want to place bets on what they’re transporting?**

- **Kane**

- **Sucker bet. But that’s a lot of firepower, and the captains of those ships aren’t afraid to use them.**

- **Clockwork**

- **This reminds me—there have also been increased reports of paracritter and Awakened animal attacks against shipping recently. I don’t know if it’s Disian related per se, but the sheer damage being done warrants investigating.**

- **Sounder**

**But it’s not just corporate concerns that are being targeted. As part of their strategy, Disian infltrators have instigated bloody battles between multiple pirate and smuggler groups that have actively fought against or targeted Disian interests, or even those simply not aligned with them. There are also reports of certain Disian aligned or favored pirate bands getting special new crewmembers (read: chimeras) added to their ranks to take out especially diffcult targets.**

- **That could explain the fate of the Maersk Ohio II . Long story short, she was running a shipment of heavy construction material out of Hong Kong bound for Morocco. But there was a “mix up” at the docks, and a Wuxing cargo container was “accidently” loaded onboard the Ohio. Well, that must have**

**been some serious cargo, because not only was the Ohio a Q-ship, but five modified ships—with drone and t-bird support— belonging to the Ten Thousand Lions Triad intercepted it at sea. After a five-hour battle, only two of the five Lion ships made it back to port. But they still accomplished their objective of securing the Ohio by dropping chimera boarders right onto its deck. I couldn’t see what happened below decks from my orbital position, but the number of bodies and remains that were dropped overboard once it was over tells me all I need to know.**

**> Orbital DK**

- **So, is ship watching a hobby for you?**

- **> Clockwork**

**> Up here, I watch everything. > Orbital DK**
