---
id: SP-0269
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Job
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Job**

**The bus carrying the Awakened children (twenty-three total, ages ranging from twelve to sixteen) sent out a PanicButton alert just before contact was lost. This was thirty minutes ago. A drone fyby reveals that the bus wrecked on the side of the road. By the time the player characters arrive, an hour will have passed with traffc police fnally arriving. Another twisted ruin barely recognizable as a Bulldog van is also nearby. Whoever caused this remote piloted the Bulldog into the bus and made off with the children.**

**The frst problem is dealing with the police. Mr. Johnson has provided the player characters with corporate credentials that grant them access to the scene, but the cops will be resistant to “outsiders.” A successful social interaction test or a signifcant**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**bribe will get them out of the way, but a bad interaction could spell trouble.**

**The bus driver was severely injured in the crash, but cause of death was multiple gunshot wounds. Traces of Neuro-Stun gas is found at the scene if the player characters search for chemical residue. Blood and other personal effects left behind could provide a ritual link that the player characters could exploit. If the player characters search for tracks, a successful Outdoors (Tracking) + Intuition (2) test will reveal several sets of off-road tire tracks. Some can be identifed as Yamaha Growlers, while two other sets belong to Ares Roadmasters. If the tracking test scores at least two net hits, metahuman tracks (including two trolls) will also be discovered.**

**The team that hit the bus were shadowrunners hired by MCT. The team doesn’t know why and doesn’t care. They transport the kids to a safehouse roughly twenty kilometers away and are awaiting pickup. An MCT team is on the way, but they’re still sixty minutes out.**

**A successful investigation will be required to locate the safehouse in time. This can play out several ways depending on the resources, abilities, and approach that the player characters use. At minimum, this should require an Extended test with a threshold of 8 and an interval of 10 minutes. If the players are using something relevant such as Outdoors (Tracking), reduce this threshold by 2. If the players are using an approach that seems to be less appropriate or time consuming, increase the threshold up to a maximum of 12. Allow the players only one roll per interval, but they can also utilize a teamwork test.**

**Assuming the players succeed in locating the children, they still need to pull off a rescue. The two Roadmasters and three Growlers are parked outside the building, and the children have been carried inside to receive medical treatment and extra sedatives.**
