---
id: SP-0139
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Continue the Coverup
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Continue the Coverup**

**Now we come to job worthy of Horizon’s talents. It should be clear at this point that we are in a state of war with Dis. This may be generally a cold war or could become quite hot, but whatever the temperature, it’s still war. When you fght a war, you need the support of the populace, regardless of how little esteem you hold for them. The efforts that will be required, including (or perhaps especially) marshaling resources, mean extra effort on behalf of the rank-and-fle, whether they be in an army or a megacorporate workforce. In order to maintain the necessary commitment, you should have a good story. One that unifes people. One that does not, say, demonstrate that the current problem is directly tied to megacorporate villainy.**

**This means that while the corporations will want to talk about the threat Dis represents, they will avoid how Dis got connected to our plane and any deals struck with them as much as they can. It’s diffcult for us here at JackPoint to forget that the start of this whole saga was the bargain struck with Dis to hurt the UCAS for daring to not let the megacorporations walk all over them. This whole saga is about the powerful playing their games and the powerless becoming pawns, but they would like us to rally to their side and help them make up for their mistakes. After which they will continue to exploit us.**

- **Look, I agree this sucks, but what real choice do we have in all this? The threat of Dis is not going to go away just because we’re mad at the corps about all this. An existential threat is an existential threat, no matter how it started, so we need to fight it. Then we can make the corps pay for starting it.**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **That does things in the wrong order. Yes, we have to play a role in preserving our manasphere and life on earth and all, but we can’t hope to extract concessions after the furor dies down. If we wait to address things until after the crisis is over, we know what will happen—we’ll get the equivalent of a corporate pizza party day, and then they’ll go right back to exploiting us like they always do. If we want to make some real changes, we have to extract some real prices before the crisis is resolved. If that means letting some things get damaged and pushing things closer to the brink, then that’s what it means.**

- **Old Crow**

- **Isn’t that dangerous? There’s always a risk that the closer to get to a brink, the larger the chance that you can’t turn back from it, and you’ll all go over.**

- **Lacey**

- **Did you miss the part where we’re at war?**

- **Juice Box**
