---
id: SP-0097
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Black Lodge
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Black Lodge**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Posted by: Philostrate**

- **All right, people, we know we’re in weird times and they’re just going to get weirder. There was a time not long ago where I’d kick someone off JackPoint if I thought they were a member of the Black Lodge, and now here’s a poster with Black Lodge connections. If this is giving you whiplash, it should, and I’m not entirely comfortable with the change myself. I still believe the Black Lodge is incredibly dangerous—secretive, murderous, and addicted to power. I also don’t understand their motivations for most of what they do. But insofar as it’s possible to discern clear motives of such a secretive group, they seem to be committed to stopping Dis. This means we need some information about what they are doing, and Philostrate can provide that. I’ll let him tell you how he gets his information. So everyone play nice with our guest, no matter your thoughts on the organization he’s connected to. Also (and I can’t believe I’m about to type this), thanks to Arete for helping make the connection.**

**> Glitch**

**A typical move for someone walking into a potentially hostile environment is to convince them that their organization or whatever it is they represent is neither as bad nor dangerous as they feared.**

**I can’t make that claim. First, it would be inaccurate to claim the Black Lodge as “my organization.” I have several contacts who I believe are Black Lodge members, and they have asked my advice on what I believe to be Black Lodge matters, but I cannot say for certain what of all the things people ask me about relates to the Black Lodge or not.**

- **Lookit this guy. Invited here to be our Black Lodge expert, but he still has to be all, “Oh, I barely know them, if I know them at all.” Great ghost, secret organization people don’t let the mask slip for a second, even if it’s already very clear what’s underneath.**

**> DangerSensei**

**Let me be clear about this one thing, though: The Black Lodge is as dangerous as you fear. Whether they are bad is a more subjective thing. Many people think the defning feature of the Lodge is its secrecy, but that’s secondary to another trait: absolute ruthlessness. There is no room for sentiment in the organization. They focus on their tasks and eliminate obstacles, often with extreme prejudice. Their members have not gotten to where they are without leaving dozens of bodies bleeding out in alleys across the globe. They know what they want, and they pursue it doggedly.**



**This means they will be a tenacious opponent of Dis. This is one of the few unambiguous claims I can make about the Black Lodge: They are unequivocally opposed to Dis and already have conducted several operations against them. Why are they so adamant in their opposition? That is something I’m not privy to.**

- **This inside source will have inside information at some point, right?**

- **> Chainmaker**

**The question you may be asking is, how will the Black Lodge exercise their opposition? I can offer some insights about that.**
