---
id: SP-0159
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Additional Background Information: Shiawase'
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Additional Background Information: Shiawase**

**Outside of Aztechnology, Shiawase has the longest relationship with Dis thus far. Known Disian agents and the Auditor himself have visited Shiawase headquarters on more than one occasion. Shiawase’s research and development sites have also been instrumental in developing the biotechnology keeping Dis captives alive so they can be sacrifced later.**

**CEO Tadashi Shiawase had recently come to understand the Disian threat. However, he crunched the numbers and felt it was in his and the corporation’s best interest to do nothing. He knew if they confronted the Disians, their Faustian lackeys would leak what Shiawase had been doing for them. The possible damage to his leadership is far less concerning than the signifcant damage to the corporation’s bottom line, legacy, and global reputation. So he is going to have to wait to see who the victor will be. When it looks like a side might win, he will adopt a plausible story to cover his and the corporation’s inaction.**

**The Disian Highest Council discovered Tadashi had learned the truth about the Harvesters and the Final Project. They expected he would take some form of action, so they decided to act frst. Their plan was to assassinate Tadashi at the meeting and replace him with one of their new forms of chimera. Not only did their attempt fail, but the new chimera was captured. Tadashi is now worried that other members of the family may have been replaced; the only person inside the family with whom he has shared this information is his daughter, Empress Hitomi (a.k.a. Lady Death).**

**We suspect, however, that Empress Hitomi is not willing to be as passive as her father in these matters.**
