---
id: SP-0067
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Financial Pressures
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Financial Pressures**

**Finance is Wuxing’s major strength besides shipping, which means they know the power of the movement of money. The simplistic way to think about this is they can direct resources where they’re needed, and that’s not wrong, but it’s only a small part of the story. They can incentivize or discourage a range of activities based on what funding they provide at various levels of interest. They also are masterful in their use of contracts, putting draconian terms in seemingly innocuous language that many clients don’t notice until it’s too late. They’re especially good at hiding escalator clauses, so that more than one client has been surprised to see their interest rates, installment payments, or time frame change dramatically, leading to the clients suddenly having to shell out more money than - expected. In areas where Wuxing has made signif cant investment, they can quite literally change the feel of the neighborhood based on whose funding gets looser and whose gets tighter. You can build a fashion district, or a restaurant district, or whatever based on how funding is manipulated.**

**Wuxing absolutely will use this tool in this whole affair. They continue to use whatever leverage they have, including reminding Aztechnology about how much they helped them in the ’70s, to gain leverage where they can.**

- **Perhaps too much. They’re at risk of wearing out some of their power by calling in too many favors.**

- **Cosmo**

**This is a complicated chess match, with lots of potential allies and enemies. It’s further complicated by the fact that most of the parties involved don’t like taking directions from others, so any leadership Wuxing exerts will not be of the “giving orders” style.**

**Wuxing might be tempted to use their fnancial heft to convince Saeder-Krupp to enter the fray on their side, but S-K’s strength in this sector is likely greater than their own, so they might not be able to budge them at all.**

**I expect a few allies in this fght will receive some favorable fnancing terms. If you have contacts in any place siding with Dis, start working**
