---
id: SP-0242
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Don\u2019t Be Afraid: An Official Statement from the Atlantean Foundation"
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Don’t Be Afraid: An Official Statement from the Atlantean Foundation**

**Recent reports have been circulating about an astonishing discovery among the metaplanes. At the beginning of the Awakening, only a few people had the rare gift that would allow travel to the metaplanes. In the early years, many magicians traveled there, but only by projecting their astral consciousness to those distant places. As time passed and ever more wonders were discovered, it became possible for others to travel the planes— usually with the aid of a spirit, but in other cases taking advantage of unique magical phenomena or artifacts from ages past. It seemed that the metaplanes were places of spirit, refections of our world, realms of mystery and wonder, and holders of secrets. The discovery of the Seelie Court inhabited by beings of ancient wisdom that are**

**in fact living creatures rather than spirits suggests the possibility that even more people might be out there awaiting our discovery and fruitful contact. Rejoice, metahumans of Earth! This has indeed come to pass once more, and unlike the secretive elves of the Fae realms, these new and wondrous beings are willing to share their knowledge with us and usher us into a new and brighter future!**

- **A new and brighter future? Wondrous beings? What a load of bulldrek!**
