---
id: SP-0175
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Additional Background Information: Vory and the Red Wolf'
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Additional Background Information: Vory and the Red Wolf**

**bellowed the common Russian saying: “Truth will always be discovered, sooner or later.”**

**Playing both sides of the fence has proven to be very proftable for Vory v Zakone. Various groups have been providing muscle and material for Disian agents as they build a network of Harvesters across the world as well as the assorted factions that directly oppose Dis. While the majority of the Vory’s tsars are quite happy with the current arrangement, a powerful voice has risen that wants to unite the Vory and fght against Dis.**

**Now known as Red Wolf, Anatoly Novikov and his six Metal Angels have succeeded in getting to a surprising number of Russian Red Vory under Anatoly’s anti-Disian mentality. Their brutal tactics have quickly gained Novokov a lot of enemies, both in and out of the Vory. It remains to be seen if he can convince enough of the Vory to join together in opposition to Dis to be efective, or if they will unite enough of them together against the Red Wolf to destroy him and his allies.**

**One of the extremely rare members of the Vory in a position of leadership who’s Awakened, Anatoly Novikov of Moscow is a tsar in the Red Vory and a powerful wolf shaman. The truth of what the Disians are planning was shown to Novikov in visions sent by Wolf, and these visions convinced him that he could prevent the Harvest by uniting the Vory. Since that day, he has worked tirelessly to gather allies and convince other tsars to join him in his crusade. Any that refuse are encouraged to stop working for the agents of Dis, with a wide variety of means being employed to drive this discouragement home.**

**The Red Wolf knows there are still those who would work with Dis while our world burns. Anatoly’s biggest concern now is North America. Other than Seattle, his group has made little progress uniting the White Vory against Dis. Additionally, the Red Wolf suspects that the Mafa has a similar working agreement with Dis and is now actively stepping up operations against him.**

**Yet again, Mashina has volunteered to go to Seattle to verify whom they can trust. Once he is sure they have a strategic foothold in North America, he is going to make his way around the continent and do the same.**

**Wolf shared something else with Anatoly Novikov: He must fnd others who are willing to sell their souls to stop Dis. Anatoly understood the meaning and started fnding his most trusted people and has spent a small fortune doing what was needed. His brigadier volunteered to be frst, changing his name to Mashina (Russian for “machine”). He underwent so many argumentation procedures that little is left of his original form. In combat, Disian magic rolled right of Mashina. As he tore into Disians and chimeras he**

**If the Vory v Zakone learns of Dis’ true purpose, the Red Wolf could unify all the factions and bring a global criminal network to bear against the Disian interest. However, the Disians could just as easily learn of the Red Wolf and decide it would be easier to pay someone to eliminate both him and his Metal Angels.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**thousands of fae were left stranded in barren felds, glens, and mountaintops, only to change into humans, animals, or plants in a matter of hours. The royal families who survived blamed one another for the deaths of their relatives and the forced exile from the humans. The other families conspired against one another until their fear and anger sparked a ruthless, decades-long struggle known as the War of Sorrows.**

**Although the War of Sorrows transpired at the start of the Fifth World, its effects continue to be felt today. During that time, all fae fought, and what started as a confict over misdirected grief escalated into a war that almost caused their extinction. Some of them survived, only to be imprisoned within the realm of Faerie. Over half of the original Tuatha dé Danann were eradicated, and hundreds, if not thousands, of faeries perished. This massive death not only tainted the astral plane but also allowed the dead’s fading essences to leak into our plane.**

**Sadly, humanity had already forgotten that at some point in their history magic existed. These same people mistook the faeries and considered them to be terrible monsters. Several key scholars in both our real world and the faerie realm believe this is where the prejudice toward elves, orks, dwarfs, and trolls took root within the human psyche, only to come to fruition in the Sixth World millennia later.**

**The fae did not initially hate the people of the Fifth World, because they knew mortals did not have control over the cycle of magic, nor did they directly contribute to the deaths of fairies. However, while the Tuatha dé Danann were killing one another on the Faerie metaplane, their changed siblings and children were falling in love, living their lives, and dying on this plane, and those earthbound fae souls never went back to their homes.**

**Now, many of the fae do not speak or admit to the horrors they willingly committed. But the massacre of so many of their kind in their enchanted homelands meant that those terror-stricken souls could not be properly recycled. This disruption of the cycle, more than mana’s depletion, tore the fabric of the fae’s metaplane beyond repair.**

**The Seelie Court and its inhabitants have always existed to various degrees in our imaginations and mythology. But it wasn’t until Goblinization in 2021 that people began to wonder. If orks and trolls existed, then what else could be real? Scholars had hypothesized how fae or fairies all developed independently in multiple countries and cultures. Goblinization suggested a new possibility.**

**It is frequently assumed that a genuine search for the Seelie Court commenced shortly after Liam O’Connor became President of Tír na nÓg in 2035. The frst voyage was conducted by a group of archaeologists who, for some unexplained reason, possessed a key that could open any door in any world. Despite numerous warnings, the explor-**

**ers led their ill-fated group directly into the Seelie Court and never returned. Liam O’Connor was able to gain an audience, and upon his return, Tír na nÓg held a national funeral for the members of the frst group, issued compensation to their families, and cautioned a grief-stricken populace of the risks of journeying to the Faerie Metaplane.**

**The pathway to the heart of the Faerie Metaplane can be tracked and is becoming visible to the mundane. Over the last four decades, mana has started to leak from the Seelie Court. What they are discovering is that more and more people are following these trails back to the Faerie Metaplane, and the Seelie Court has seen a dramatic increase in unwanted guests. This was believed to be the biggest threat to the Seelie Court’s privacy—or it was until the Yellowstone Calamity happened.**

**When the ground trembled under Yellowstone on July 27, 2078, several scientists mistook it for the super-volcano that many had long feared. The anticipated super-eruption and associated geological events never materialized, however. A single earthquake was recorded in Cheyenne, but it was not the global impacting event frst expected. At least, in the physical world. The forces in the astral were so great that astral sparks and swirls could be seen even by mundane senses.**

**Whatever the cause, the Yellowstone Calamity created a new entrance to the Seelie Court. Finding it is diffcult, but once you do, you can visit on your own and without assistance. The opening began on Sioux Nation land due to the eruption’s location, but it soon drifted eastward. The gate’s movement can be unpredictable; it disappears periodically, reappears briefy in distant locations, then returns to resume its easterly path.**

**A large portion of the Sixth World is scurrying to discover it and control it, and perhaps take possession of the immense power and riches on the other side. The gate is a game-changer for both sides, and I can’t see how it will make things easier for either. Any uninvited, unprepared guests might fnd their way to the court and be eaten alive, maybe fguratively, possibly literally.**

**Interactions within the court no longer follow the rules or trends that have been in place for over a millennium. Unique coalitions have developed around the fears, dread, or hopes they have repressed since the end of the Fourth World. The groups associated with the tarot, however, are far more powerful than the previous allegiances. Ten groups have formed thus far. For some, the Court’s fractiousness may account for the faeries’ cryptic language or covert looks, but for others who interact with fae often, there is a clearer reason. The Seelie Court is tearing itself apart behind the thin layer of formality. The easy answer most jump to is that the Unseelie Court is to blame, but others within the Seelie Court believe a third party is using the nature of the fae against themselves.**



**==> picture [247 x 237] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 372] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 372] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 131] intentionally omitted \<==**

**My patron believes it started before the departure of Liam O’Connor and only became apparent afterward.**

**and got to work examining each amulet, pendant, card, book, and branch, analyzing each one for magical potency. Since this entity was essentially buying “junk,” a sale of this type didn’t need to be documented in the Book of Memories, and since many people were acting oddly during the magical artifact-hunting craze, nobody noticed. Whoever or whatever this entity was, it possessed a great deal of magical power because many items thought common were in fact quote potent. Once freed from their protective bonds, their sheer force could be felt across the Court. Few things could radiate such power, and they were now, for better or worse, in the possession of an unknown person. This is the Book of Memories’ frst failure.**

**==> picture [36 x 394] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 394] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **I wonder who their patron is?**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **I would guess a jest?**

- **Arete**

- **You mean Garbh Filíochta?**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **I know High Road, older than me, and for ill or good she always keeps her word. I have it on good account that she is solid with the Seelie Court and has been with Garbh Filíochta on many occasions.**

- **> MephiStop**

**The second failure happened shortly before Lady Brane Deigh’s inauguration, when the Rite of Identifcation was performed. It is a simple ritual that identifes whether or not a spell has been performed and what its intended effects are. When the results were announced, the Court learned that someone or something had performed the Rite of Magnetic Attraction, and it was so powerful that the entire Court fell into a kind of trance. The spell was broken when Lady Brane Deigh entered the room and the Court awoke. The name of the rite was either never recorded or forcibly removed from the Book of Memories. There was additional alarm within the Court because for the Rite of Magnetic Attraction to be that powerful, and**

- **Garbh likes to get to know everyone, so being seen with her doesn’t say a lot.**

- **Frosty**

**In the aftermath of recent Court upheavals, several lesser courtiers looked for lost relics, not for their magical power, but to bargain for political favor within the new Court. Many people brought their goods before the Court just to have them laughed off. Then, those in authority looked down their noses at these inferior family members. But one creature, whose identity has never been known, bought many unique items**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [524 x 15] intentionally omitted \<==**
