---
id: SP-0230
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Mount Shasta, California Free State - Status: Contested'
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mount Shasta, California Free State**

## **Status: Contested**

**Previously controlled by the great dragon Hestaby, Mount Shasta was a refuge and community for various magicians and shamans and other locals. Sitting on a nexus of ley lines, the magicians living there would tap into the potent energies in order to fuel their rituals and further their magical studies, all in the service of Hestaby.**

**When Hestaby spoke out and condemned the actions of another great dragon, Sirrurg, for his actions during the Az-Am War, she was for all intents and purposes excommunicated from dragon society—stripped of all her hoarded material possessions and banished from her places of power such as Mount Shasta.**

- **You make it sound so Biblical. And while it was a bit more complicated, you still managed to get the important facts correct.**

- **Orange Queen**

**After her departure, the Shasta Shamans stayed as long as they could before being evicted by the new owner, Lofwyr. After putting up some wards and ordering local spirits to guard the place, Lofwyr all but abandoned the site for several years. That is, until it was offered to the Disians.**

**Not wanting to pass up such an opportunity, plans were quickly set into motion to turn Mt. Shasta into a Harvester site. However, before the frst tree was cut down, the mercenary group New Assets moved in and staked their claim. For almost a year now, New Assets and Disian forces have engaged in several pitched battles for control of Shasta and the surrounding region. While they’ve taken their share of casualties, New Assets has yet to break and is still currently holding the line against the Disian incursion.**

- **How the frag does one merc company hold off Dis for that long?**

- **> Bangswitch**

- **You’re new, so I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt. New Assets, formerly Assets Inc., was hand-picked back in the day and supported by Dunkelzahn himself to be his personal strike team. That should tell you all you need to know. When he was killed at the Watergate Hotel, Assets continued the good fight and eventually became New Assets as they expanded their ranks. Honestly, I’m glad they’re here.**

- **Bull**

- **I appreciate the praise. We were away for too long, but that’s over with. I know my master would have wanted us in this fight; this is exactly what he trained me for, and now I pass that knowledge on.**

- **Quicksliver**
