---
id: SP-0275
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Who\u2019s Who"
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Who’s Who**

**Juan Xihuitl is a Hispanic troll who dresses in famboyant Aztec-inspired fashion and openly**

**==> picture [228 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [286 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [286 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [286 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [286 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
DRAGON SLAYERS // MISSION<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**works for Aztechnology as a fxer. He is forthcoming with the details of the mission, which is straightforward but highly dangerous. If pressed, he’s willing to tell the players that two other teams have failed, but he won’t divulge this unless directly asked. If the players pull off this run, they may add him as a contact.**

**Seimanth is a relatively young adult feathered serpent who makes his lair in the Amazonian rainforest. Unlike many other dragons, he’s brash and bold, preferring to take matters into his own claws rather than relying on elaborate plots, schemes, agents, and proxies. He has a grudge against Aztechnology over the megacorporation’s attacks and predations against Amazonia and relishes that the Disian crisis gives him the opportunity (and excuse) to openly assault Aztechnology forces.**

**For Seimanth, use the stats for Feathered Serpent (p. 220,** _**SR6**_ **), but reduce his Magic attribute and Hardened Armor to 9. He has the following skills, all at rank 6: Astral, Athletics, Close Combat, Perception, Sorcery, and Stealth. His preferred spells are Chaos, Clairaudience, Clairvoyance, Improved Invisibility, Lightning Ball, Lightning Bolt, Physical Barrier, Powerball, and Powerbolt.**

**For the critters, use three waves that each consist of the same type (gamemaster’s discretion). Amazonia has an abundance and variety of mundane animals and paracritters to choose from. Cockatrices and basilisks should work nicely, as would constrictor or venomous snakes.**

**If the runners decide to help Seimanth take on the Disian Harvester site, they’ll be going up against Aztechnology soldiers and at least one chimera. For the regular soldiers, the Humanis paramilitary stat blocks (p. 142–143,** _**Firing Squad**_ **), assisted by the Adept and/or Combat Mage archetypes for magic support (p. 81–82,** _**SR6**_ **) would be a good mix. For the chimera soldier, choose any chimera stat block from this book that has a metahuman form, as this chimera will be in command of the Aztechnology soldiers and won’t be an overtly monstrous enemy (at least until the battle starts).**
