---
id: SP-0156
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Activity - (Part Three)
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Activity

**==> picture [61 x 25] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [31 x 48] intentionally omitted \<==**

## (Part Three)

**==> picture [61 x 24] intentionally omitted \<==**

**>** Okay, so a lot of you who’ve already read the previous data drops may be asking: What about the other corps? As always,



**for dedicated groups of monster hunter/killers to help save the day and fght the good fght? Double check. A chance to bust out the latest (and insane) weapons and technology? Too many checks to count.**

**And yet, Ares has done jack and drek regarding the Disian threat (with one caveat).**

**To outsiders, it appears that Ares wholly focused on massively restructuring their corporation from the ground up following their move from Detroit to Atlanta. And given everything that happened in the UCAS over the last couple of years, it all appears reasonable and nothing to be alarmed about. Even CEO and President Arthur Vogel’s retirement and replacement by Michael Bishop didn’t raise any undue suspicion.**

**Yet Ares continues its day-to-day operations and not much else apart from constantly reorganizing itself at every level. As soon as something seems to get done, orders from the top (Vogel, until recently) tell them the work is unacceptable, to start over, and that “I will not leave this corporation in shambles when I fnally depart.”**

**This has led to a** _**lot**_ **of problems. Research projects are way behind schedule; production is down in some cases by as much as forty percent. And for the frst time ever, Ares pulled out of the Desert Wars.**

- **That was a bombshell. It shocked the frag out of everyone and ultimately led to a fifty percent drop in viewership. Because of this, there may not BE a Desert Wars in 2083. Not that it may ultimately matter anyway, but you get the point.**

- **Scattershot**

**Even though this was a massive headline grabber, Ares’ PR machine was in full force, saying “during this time of restructuring, we’re simply concentrating our efforts to ensure that all necessary needs, both corporate and client, are being met.” Of course, not everyone is buying the PR, and Ares stocks are dropping faster than a smart bomb. Some decision by the new CEO is needed, and regional VPs are begging Bishop to do something—** _**anything.**_

- **There’ve also been record numbers of resignations corp-wide, at least among those who can. Everyone from wageslaves to managers, scientists, researchers, you name it, is jumping ship because of the insanity. And of course, most of the other corps are more than happy to gain new citizen-employees.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

**By all accounts, this means that Ares has been doing drek-all when it comes to the Disian threat. But I can’t fnd any data that confrms if the Ares leadership even knows about the Disian threat. Which to be honest seems unlikely even with the current course of (in)action. For better or worse, Ares is staying their course and continuing with their never-ending restructuring efforts.**
