---
id: SP-0323
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: What Lies Above
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What Lies Above**

**You would be forgiven if my talk of critter attacks made you think that they are an everyday occurrence. Nothing could be further from the truth.**



**ing aboard or other nastiness, it happened often enough. I’m sure both corps have run the numbers, but the forty percent boost in pay for licensed crew and twenty percent increase for rated hands surely must be making their bottom-line bleed. Though with modern ships, that’s not as big a deal as it used to be.**

**One of the other parts of the world where freighters are harassed by warships is the Gulf of Mexico. Yes, I know half the maps call it the Gulf of Aztlan, but those Azzie butchers can kiss my scaley hoop! Never again!**

- **I sense something happened between Bubbles and the Azzies.**

- **> /dev/grrl**

- **I was born at sea, it’s in my blood and my soul. So the mariners’ code is kind of like a religion for me. One of the most basic tenets of admiralty law is that all mariners have a duty to save the lives of others in peril. So when ordered to ignore a life raft, I disobeyed. For that, I was sentenced to six months in an Azzie prison. As Kane mentioned, I get real bad landsickness. Combine that with the fact I’m a changeling and a woman, and not an Azzie, and that meant I spent my whole sentence writhing in pain in a pool of my own urine and vomit in solitary confinement.**

- **Bubbles**

- **Wow, I’m sorry I brought that up. I can’t even imagine how horrible that must have been.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **It was a long time ago. And the asshole ship’s master who insisted I get the maximum sentence is dead. Watching a shark balance the scales for me was very therapeutic too.**

- **Bubbles**

**This is perhaps the worst part of the world to be working in my feld, because the Azzies take great offence to anyone who isn’t Azzie fagged. The Caribbean is one of the places you’ll fnd several freighters fying a fag of convenience, since Bermuda and several other islands down that way are some of the most utilized for that sort of thing, which means it’s somewhat hard to determine who’s who. And it’s not like the Carib League can do much about Azzie frigates and destroyers harassing or outright sinking cargo ships in the area. Even with governments such as the CAS and the UK deploying ships down that way to protect their interests, there’s only so much they can do when the Azzies are claiming scalps. Kane might like to think he’s a big dog in the pirate sphere, and in fairness he’s defnitely got a rock-solid rep, but the biggest pirates of the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico are the Azzies by a large margin.**

**> As much as I don’t like to admit it, Bubbles is right. Even in my**

**wildest dreams, the Azzies are way more prolific pirates than I could dream of being. They also often use their anti-piracy task force to commit these acts, all while supposedly keeping the seas safe. It’s a large part of why they’re my favorite targets. > Kane**

**In the** _**Double Clutch**_ **download, I mentioned a new battlecruiser the CAS has undergoing sea trials, a warship that’s supposedly able to handle a fotilla of modern guided missile frigates and destroyers and just all around be the biggest fsh in whichever pond it happens to be in. Well, I’ve heard from some CAS navy sources that the CSS** _**Ranger**_ **and her sisters won’t be the only assets involved in suppressing the Azzie navy and ensuring freedom of the seas once again. The jury is still out whether they have the stones to do what’s needed, and to be frank I don’t expect CAS warships to start trading shots with the Azzie navy on any signifcant level. But maybe they’ll be able to do some good just through sheer presence. I also expect the battlecruisers to be part of battlegroups, so if nothing else there should hopefully be more CAS ships around. Not that the CAS are knights in shining armor, but since Aztechnology has a sizable feet of cargo ships in the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico, state-sponsored piracy, or privateering, is alive and well in the 2080s.**

- **Breaking news here. The CAS intervened with the IMA and managed to secure the services of the Free Marine Corps to “supplement” (read: do the dirty work of) their forces in the Gulf region. Unsurprisingly, Ares isn’t happy with the decision, but the CAS doesn’t seem to care.**

- **Colonel Cobra**
