---
id: SP-0151
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Rage of the Red Samurai
page: 66
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Rage of the Red Samurai**

**One cannot talk about Renraku and not bring up the Red Samurai, who should need no introduction by now. Normally in the shadows, when the Red Samurai show up, we instantly know the situation and most likely we are fragged. They’re the ones Renraku sends in when they want a problem to go away in the most violent and bloody way possible or to send a very specifc message.**

**Now, it should surprise no one that Renraku has already started deploying the Red Samurai worldwide. The main reason we haven’t heard much about this before is simple: they left no survivors. But, in the spirit of cooperation (natch), Renraku has kindly revealed that the Red Samurai have already taken out several Disian targets throughout the Pacifc Rim. They’re not being exactly forthcoming with the whos, wheres, and whats, but whatever. Quick data searches have revealed a lot of unexplained deaths and craters where buildings used to be.**

**So far, these kinds of operations have been few and far between. But that’s likely to change very soon. Despite their best efforts, reports have gotten out that large numbers of Red Samurai have been assembling for special training at various black sites in Okinawa. No word on what they’re planning, but then they’re Red Samurai and they only assemble in these numbers when something** _**big**_ **is going to happen.**

- **Two months ago, Nakatomi personally summoned one Taisa (Colonel) Minoru Kenji to Renraku world HQ in Chiba. The details of that meeting are unknown, but Tai-sa Minoru immediately traveled to Okinawa to personally oversee the training for “upcoming operations.” Doesn’t take much to put things together. For those of you who don’t know, Tai-sa Minoru is a legend among the Red Samurai. Formerly head of North American Operations, he officially retired with full honors less than a year ago. He’s also the only Red Samurai known to have made it to actual retirement. Even at seventy-five, Minoru is still a force to be reckoned with and is a prime example of the saying “beware the old man in a profession where most die young.”**

- **> DangerSensei**

- **Not just train, Minoru has been tasked personally by Nakatomi to “handle” Renraku’s response to the Disians. So much for retirement.**

- **Picador**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [612 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
66<br>SHINING A LIGHT INTO THE DARK // RENRAKU<br>SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Warriors like Minoru don’t retire; they simply wait to be recalled back into service.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **Minoru was also one of the Red Samurai deployed to the Renraku Arcology/SCIRE back in 2059. Since then, rumors say he’s been looking for a way for Renraku (and himself) to regain some lost honor because of that debacle. He may now have his crusade.**

- **Mr. Bonds**
