---
id: SP-0072
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: MCT
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **MCT**

**master shedim. Some Hong Kong Police had been tailing us, and they got ambushed alongside us, all of us at risk of being overwhelmed by shedim. I’ll be honest, I was really grateful to have a few other people fighting shedim, because things didn’t look great right at the beginning there. I thought about joining forces with the police, because surely anything the shedim would do to us was worse than what the police might do, but then I thought about the endgame. I could envision it—if any police were still standing at the end, they absolutely would come after any of us who survived. So when things started going our way, we initiated a quick pullback from the shedim we were fighting, isolating the surviving police. We also added a few bullets and spells to the fray to encourage the officers to die quicker. Once they were gone, we polished off the shedim.**

**The relationship between all of the Japanacorps and Wuxing has long been fraught, especially with Mitsuhama. MCT is the number-one corporation in the world and has one of the largest presences in the magic sector. The two corporations regularly target each other for shadowruns and swipe at each other whenever possible.**

**This rivalry will be exacerbated by them being on opposite sides of the Dis issue, so tensions will keep growing.**

**Unsurprisingly, there has not been enough time for all the various threads of Wuxing, let alone all of the leaders, to come to an agreement about what changes they need to make going forward, if any. A few major powers, like Sharon Chiang-Wu, are calling for an entire change in policy, as she has greatly reduced her trust in Dis and may be more sympathetic with MCT. Others, notably Fu Peng, argue that there is no reason to let up on Wuxing’s rivals just because there is another confict going on. The situation with Dis will end at some point, they argue, and it’s important to consider who will be positioned where when that time comes. It is never too early to establish position, especially if they can use this fght to do more damage to a rival.**

**Just writing that up makes me question whether we did the right thing—but I know I’d do it again if I found myself in the same situation.**

**> Haze**


**at the heart of the Black Lodge, there is no such thing in the Unseelie Court. Some believe that if there were, then it would cease to be the Unseelie Court. But I get ahead of myself.**
