---
id: SP-0084
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: History Redux
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **History Redux**

**While there’s already a decent amount of data out there regarding Grey Cell (as much as can be obtained about any covert organization), I still think it’s prudent to look back at where they came from, the better to see where they are now and maybe where they’re going.**

**Or something like that.**

- **Note: For more detailed information on Grey Cell, see their entry in the Collapsing Now file.**

- **> Glitch**

**Approximately two years ago, a then-unknown group of highly funded, highly skilled, and most of all highly …** _**motivated**_ ~~**motherfraggers**~~ **individuals started making their presence known in the shadows with a string of operations that at frst seemed unconnected. A datasteal here, an extraction there, a few eliminations, and a healthy amount of property damage for good measure were just a few of their mission profles. And that’s just what people like me have been able to verify. And while I can’t confrm (but I have my educated guesses), Grey Cell has also executed, or at least facilitated, numerous operations that we’re never going to know about (or link back to them, at least).**

- **Which to be frank is the hallmark of any clandestine organization.**

- **Thorn**

- **Or just the shadows in general. Sometimes, we go out in a blaze of glory. Other times we simply end up another nameless slab of dead meat in a back alley.**

- **Bull**

**In retrospect, it’s easy to see the patterns. Grey Cell was looking for anything related to the Disians, and once they found a trail, they** _**charged**_ **down every damn rabbit hole they came across. But it wasn’t just Grey Cell. The higher-ups knew they needed help and needed to expand their ranks as well as overall reach. So they went on a recruiting drive and started to form paramilitary-style resistance cells and intelligence networks worldwide. In some regions, these efforts were highly successful, while in others … not so much. According to my sources, the overall recruiting initiative fell short of**

**the projected numbers needed. Still, anyone who knows anything about shadow work and black operations knows that you don’t always have to get everyone to swear an oath or sign on the dotted line. There are plenty of those more than willing to fght alongside (if not for) you, or at least take a payday. Both can lead to the same results.**

- **And some may not even know they’re fighting for the cause at all.**

- **> Puck**

**Once they got their cells nominally organized, Grey Cell quickly became a force to be reckoned with. Not only did they engage in some signifcant asymmetrical warfare (a.k.a. “tactical fraggery”), but they created in amazingly short order an extremely effective intelligence** _**and**_ **R&D network.**

**On the offensive front, for at least the last year and a half, Grey Cell was the tip of the spear acting as both a scalpel and a chainsaw in the shadows, hitting or disrupting Disian interests whenever they could fnd them.**

**But no organization, no matter how profcient and well-funded they are, can maintain that kind of grinding and often bloody operational tempo in perpetuity. Eventually, things, systems, and even people will break down as material and personnel losses accumulate. Then, there’s always the inevitable counter-operations the enemy enacts.**

**And everything that I just said is exactly what happened to Grey Cell.**

- **Well, when your existence is exposed in the shadows, doesn’t take long for the “bad guys” to catch on.**

- **The Mechanic**

- **I almost feel bad—first time I found out about them was here on JackPoint. Did we out them?**

- **Treadle**

- **Your concern is touching, but we knew some of our secrets couldn’t stay that way for long and have planned accordingly to the best of our ability. But the good Colonel is right, we did push ourselves, in some ways to the breaking point. But it had to be done. And for every operation that is known, there are scores that people don’t and won’t ever know about.**

- **Ringmaster**

- **I’ll also say that while the Disians continue to be their primary focus, Grey Cell has faced off and frustrated many other powerful individuals, even if by proxy. Should we all survive this, Grey Cell will need to watch their backs, as the list of those seeking payback will be long indeed.**

- **Red**

**It didn’t take long for Grey Cell to slot off not only their Disian targets but also a signifcant number of extremely powerful people and organi-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**zations that had connections to Disian operations and initiatives (even if they didn’t know about it). I’m honestly surprised it took the bad guys this long to fgure out it was Grey Cell who was sticking it to them, even if by proxy.**

**This brings us to current events. If you poke the dangerous animal enough, eventually they’re going to take a swipe back at you. And oh, frag me if the Disians and their minions didn’t try to settle that butcher’s bill, but they added in some interest for good measure, or in many cases just to prove a point.**
