---
id: SP-0062
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Monika St\xFCeler-Waffenschmidt"
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Monika Stüeler-Waffenschmidt**

**Speaking of thorns in Lofwyr’s side, the holder of the Imperial Sword continues to bedevil him. She has enjoyed having it show up at times when he doesn’t expect it, interrupting several meetings in the past few years, including one with Ares board members a few months ago where a lot of people would have loved to be a fy on the wall. Lofwyr absolutely wants that sword, though reports are divided on whether he wants it destroyed or used for his own purposes. He also, on no uncertain terms, wants MSW dead.**

**As for her part, it’s diffcult to see what MSW wants other than to keep pranking Lofwyr. She seems to be acting as a disruptor without a longterm plan.**

- **Cosmo, for shame! You’re not looking carefully enough. Look at the meetings she has disrupted and some of the effects right after. For example, everyone knows that Lofwyr was meeting with Ares to try to lobby for his preferred picks for the Ares CEO position. After that meeting, Onotari Arms stock lost twelve percent of its value, as investors had expected Lofwyr to strike a deal that would help him in the arms market. When he didn’t, the stock dropped. If you don’t think MSW short-sold a bunch of Onotari stock before she disrupted the meeting, then I salute your naïveté. She is amassing a war chest.**

- **Dr. Spin**

- **Imagine if she had this ability and added the Kechibi Code to give her moves a little extra oomph.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

- **Her thinking exactly.**

- **Plan 9**
