---
id: SP-0141
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: A Matter of Honor
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A Matter of Honor**

**Say what you will about the other Japanacorps, but Renraku has always been the most hardcore about the tenets of** _**bushido.**_ **These days, MCT has more in common with the Yakuza they associate with and Shiawase is … frag if anyone knows. But Renraku eats, breathes, sleeps, and practically bathes in their own honor. I know that sounds a bit gross, but that drek was forced down my throat for most of my life, so I get to use whatever metaphors I want.**

**Anyway, the Disians apparently wanted as little as possible to do with Renraku for number of reasons. Given how Renraku has little magical enterprises, that’s one. But the fact Renraku is heavily**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**into Matrix technology (which Disians apparently fnd abhorrent) and were also responsible for that whole AI/Deus/Arcology thing way back in ’59, that’s also a pretty good indicator of why the Disians stayed away from them.**

**But at the risk of sounding like I still respect Renraku in any way, my educated guess is that the Disians realized that Renraku would be extremely diffcult, bordering on impossible, to infltrate and turn when compared to other corps. Why? Well, Renraku’s culture of absolute loyalty to the corporation and strict adherence to their version of** _**bushido**_ **tends to be quite thorough in its brainwashing. Although there are exceptions, of course.**

**At the end of the day, however, Renraku doesn’t give two frags about any kind of snub from a race of extradimensional weirdos or what they have to offer. They see any alliance or collusion with Dis as a direct attack not just against the material plane but Renraku itself. There’s a rumor that when board chair Shikei Nakatomi learned about the depts of Disian collusion within MCT and reportedly with Shiawase (but to lesser extents), he felt personally betrayed by the other two Japanacorps. Later, at an emergency board meeting, he was reported to have said, “Their recklessness endangers not only this glorious corporation, but the entire world. This is a line that should never have been crossed, yet they have brazenly and gleefully done so. And while they no doubt have prepared to weather the storms of destruction they will cause, by cutting us out and not informing us about the threat of this harvest, they have shown themselves to be without any kind of honor. This also means they have chosen to declare war against Renraku. So be it, then. We will show them all what happens when faced with the righteous fury of true samurai!”**

**Later, President Orito Sasaki echoed and endorsed that statement, and issued a series of internal mandates and objectives for Renraku going forward. None of these memos specifcally mention Dis (so as to not cause panic or tip their hand), but they called for “renewed effort” from all Renraku citizens from the lowest wageslave to the board itself.**

**Now, I don’t think for a nano-second that Nakatomi or anyone from Renraku cares one iota about the world at large, other than they don’t want to die with the rest of us. Renraku as a corp simply doesn’t like it when someone** _**else**_ **starts drek that could blow back on them. But it’s as good a reason as any to claim the moral high ground and justify all their actions going forward.**

- **Anyone want to lay any cred that Renraku will use this as an impetus to go after anyone on their drek-list and then just claim they were Disian collaborators?**

- **> Cool Hand Duke**

**> What? A corp taking advantage of the situation? Surely you jest. > Old Crow**

**> Say what you will about their intentions, but there has been a surge of “samurai spirit” within Renraku from the top-down, thanks to Sasaki’s initiatives. Internal memos paint a picture of “multiple threats against our great corporation, and that every citizen must play their part to ensure victory” in such a way that would make Horizon jealous. These threats are framed more as other corporations simply trying to out-do Renraku in all major business sectors, with the corporation’s very survival in the balance. But say what you will, Renraku is now as united a corp can get.**

**> Mr. Bonds**
