---
id: SP-0071
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: '> Kane'
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Kane**

**If you really want to disrupt shipping operations, more sophisticated actions are called for. As I mentioned above, much of the way business works today depends on anticipation of needs, and that is very much true of shipping. Ship schedules, container availability, worker shifts, and more are all designed around what companies think will be needed. Ideally, no one should have to wait—ships should start being loaded as soon as they are emptied, and products should move toward a ship as soon as they arrive at a dock. A ship that’s not moving is not making money; products that are not moving make clients angry. One of the oldest tricks in the book is to try to get your rival to have goods stacking up in port so you can walk in, promise speedier service, and scoop up customers. In the old days, a dockworkers strike was one of the favored ways to do this, and that still works even if the effect may not be as widespread as you might want. If you want real disruption, you go for the algorithm—tweak the patterns a shipper uses to arrange things optimally, and suddenly they’ll fnd themselves in exceedingly sub-optimal shape.**

- **The Kechibi Code is suited to this sort of thing. Remember, the primary function of the code is to tweak various algorithms to have a concerted negative or positive effect on an entity to drive up or down the perception and reality of their economic conditions. So messing with shipping company algorithms is well within its capacity if you can insert it into the right place and direct it properly.**

- **Netcat**

- **I still have problems with people treating that code like a toy. It could shake entire nations, and the people who suffer are those at the bottom. It’s too dangerous, too destructive. We should destroy it, not look at how to use it.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **Corporations and governments have been playing with lives like that for centuries. We can’t get all skittish when it comes to using a weapon that can actually make a difference.**

- **Old Crow**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 238] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [175 x 374] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
35<br>SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [420 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 392] intentionally omitted \<==**
