---
id: SP-0216
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Budapest, Hungary - Status: Contested'
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Budapest, Hungary**

## **Status: Contested**

**Of all the European nations, Hungary has been one of the countries hit the hardest by the Disians.**

**Even before the current confict, the region around Budapest was of special interest to the Disians. The earliest reports obtained by Grey Cell after it formed indicated that the Disians considered the area around Budapest the ideal location to establish another permanent gateway to their home metaplane, similar to the one in the UCAS. Knowing this, Grey Cell made Budapest a priority when establishing its network of cells. And they have been a persistent thorn in the Disians’ side ever since.**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**As such, Grey Cell operations, safehouses, and communication hubs in Budapest were specifcally targeted by Disian shadowrunner teams, covert mercenary/corporate units, and hordes of chimeras as shock troops. The number of chimeras used in Budapest is currently the largest known deployment of such forces thus far in the confict.**

**As a result, several Grey Cell units were unprepared for the sheer power of the assault and were shattered if not outright destroyed. Many were forced to sacrifce themselves in order to protect vital data, and to do as much damage to the Disians as possible. But their sacrifces were not in vain. While the Disians were able to achieve most of their operational objectives, including securing the site for their proposed second gateway, they inadvertently steeled the local populace against the Disians, even if all they know is that monsters are attacking their city. Already, surviving Grey Cell operatives and their allies are organizing for counter-offensives against the Disians, with their primary objective being stopping the metaplanar gateway construction.**

- **I did a medevac run with the Banzai Battlefield Brigade out of Antwerp last week; six of my passengers were Budapest survivors. The one who was still able to talk told of how the city now felt almost … medieval, like something out of a bad fantasy-horror sim. People locking their homes up at night, no one going out after dark or alone, monsters roaming freely in the back alleys or in the surrounding wilderness, and only the bravest of souls daring to venture out to meet them. I’d laugh, but I know better.**

- **> Osprey**
