---
id: SP-0018
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Bad Guys
page: 13
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Bad Guys**

**Interdimensional beings known as the Dis (or Disians) have infltrated our manasphere (a.k.a. the material plane for those of you who don’t speak magic or metaphysics) on a scale never seen before in known history and have embedded themselves into the highest seats of power throughout the Sixth World through proxies, collaborators, and alliances. There’s even evidence suggesting that the Disians have been on the material plane since** _**before**_ **the Awakening. They have been using these proxies and allies to build a massive power base and manipulate events to their beneft. Some of these allies have gone so far as to literally pledge and devote their lives to the Disians in exchange for something. But more on that later. This was all done to prepare the material plane so that the Disians could siphon every bit of life energy/essence from our manasphere. Even without going into the metaphysics, everyone should realize just how deadly this would be to the material plane and every living being on it. For more detailed background information on the Disians and others working on their behalf, along with their activities, check out the** _**Astral Ways**_ **,** _**Collapsing Now**_ **,** _**Cutting Black**_ **, and** _**Slip Streams**_ **downloads in the JackPoint archives.**

**\[ Editor’s Note: Additional information is also available in the** _**Third Parallel**_ **and** _**Whisper Nets**_ **campaign books.\]**

- **Okay, I’m still all-in obviously, but what makes the Disians more of a threat than say, bugs, shedim, or even groups such as Winternight or New Revolution?**

- **> Scattershot**

- **It can be argued that bugs and shedim simply wanted to take over, remake the planet into their own image, and so on and so forth, which leaves at least a sliver of hope for the metahuman race. Winternight at least had the courtesy to allow for some rebirth a few thousand years after the nuclear fallout passed. New Revolution was merely a puppet thinking they could regain political power. The Disians, however, want nothing more than to suck us dry and leave our dead corpses on the side of the metaplanar road. Not much hope there, I’m afraid.**

- **Philostrate**

- **Wait, when the frag did we let Black Lodge in here?**

- **Elijah**

- **Same time as everyone else. This is not up for debate nor discussion. We need all the hands and allies we can get on this. Have a problem, you know the rules, and more importantly where the door is.**

- **Glitch**

- **And they have the same interest as the rest of us: survival.**

- **Arete**

- **Okay, since I’m always that guy, why stop now? You said that this data is confirmed , but how do we know this isn’t some kind of massive corporate or even government intelligence operation designed to frag with us in some way? I know a lot of people said the same thing about the bugs and all, but this is way out there, even for the shadows.**

- **Haze**

- **Something is going down. Whether it’s because of the Disians or little green men from Mars, right now a lot of runners and the like are being actively targeted. I made the “mistake” (Mr. Johnson’s words, not mine) of not facilitating some of the recent bad news in Cal Free and the PCC. And now my name is on that hit list. I don’t turn on my people, and I’ll be fragged if I let the corps or anyone else push me around. That’s all the reason I need.**

- **Cool Hand Duke**

- **All that is required for the darkness to prevail is for good people to do nothing. And the darkness is now upon us. Our light either pushes it back, or we are swallowed into oblivion.**

- **Many-Names**

**Playing a long game that would make dragons envious, the Disians moved slowly, deliberately— so much so that no one knew they were there. The Disians rarely act directly, often preferring to work through proxies on the metaplane they’re trying to devour. They identifed those who would best serve their purposes, and like any demon, they offered deals, which most were all too ready to accept. It varied from person to person, but one by one those deals eventually turned into full-blown alliances with the Disians as puppet masters, pulling signifcant strings from behind the scenes.**

**At frst it was as simple as recruiting this person and then infltrating that group, or infuencing a few people in places of power to gain a desired outcome. Favors, networking, and positioning quickly escalated as Disians started calling in markers and demanding certain concessions from their allies and lackeys. The most infamous of this was the “gifting” of an entire UCAS Army Corps to the Disians so they could have material to make new chimera more suited to this metaplane.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [237 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Wait, you mean to tell us that UCAS’ III Corps, the entirety of Task Force Peacemaker was just … given over to these monsters?**

- **Flash-Banger**

- **Yep. That was the price several Faustian and Disian allies in the UCAS had to pay. And everything has a price.**

- **> Orbital DK**
