---
id: SP-0243
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: '> Haze'
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Haze**

- **It most certainly is, but this is how a lot of media coming from the Atlantean Foundation reads. They’re always proclaiming that we’re on the verge of entering a new era or some such tripe.**

- **> Wayfinder**

**It must be said that every great change, the transition from one era to another, is often wrought with strife and fearful occurrences. When humanity revealed itself to be a wondrous spectrum of Awakened beings, it was unfortunately disastrous. Even now, many humans cling to depraved notions of being somehow pure or more right than other metahumans. Even now the reverberations of prejudice ravage not only our history, but also our present, and most likely our future. We must be steadfast, wise, and brave, and steel ourselves against these impulses, for it is known that all metahumanity are people, and all people are one. We can not afford to make the same errors of prejudice that we made when elves, orks, dwarfs, trolls, and other forms were revealed to us. For our new brethren from the metaplanes are people as well, part of a greater whole of glorious oneness, and most importantly—they desperately need our help, just as we need their advanced knowledge and technology to rise into a new and glorious era.**

- **That’s just … that is just … the cheek of these bastards! Are they actually equating anti-metahuman prejudice to treating malevolent beings who are hostile to our very existence as threats? Last I checked, no orks or elves were trying to eat the world!**

- **2XL**

- **That’s precisely the lever they are pulling. They’re trying to gaslight us into letting the Disians take what they want. If you disagree with them, they’ll call you a bigot.**

- **Sunshine**

- **Disgusting.**

- **Peregrine**

- **Well, they’ve already signed on with genocidal monsters, they really don’t have any deeper lows to sink to. Might as well go all in, I suppose.**

- **Rune**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **“Desperately need our help” … that’s rich. If they’re all-powerful beings that will elevate us to new levels of awesomeness, they wouldn’t need help from us frag-ups.**

**> Rigger X**

**These wondrous beings are called Disians. That may sound an ominous name to those of us trained in ancient languages, but I pray that you open your hearts and minds and think carefully and critically in place of making ill-informed judgements. The Disians are not of our world and do not share our language roots. Therefore, any linguistic associations of wrongness or evil cannot be attributed to them. It is a mere trick of language. For the Disians are entities from another plane, living beings rather than spirits, who have survived for millennia on their own plane, over the course of many cycles of magic. Unlike us, they did not forget and decline as magic shifted away and returned, only to repeat the cycle anew. No, they remember ages past, with knowledge gleaned and gathered over a vast expanse of time without interruption. They are wise, and their knowledge is deep. The Disians have developed an affnity for magic that is different from how we use it, and their technology is of both scientific and arcane disciplines. That such a wondrous and powerful species of sapient consciousness are willing to share their knowledge with us defes our petty and greedy instincts. That they are willing to help raise us up from the ashes of our darkened history into a new era of peace and wonder is nothing short of miraculous. We must not squander this opportunity, but we can respectfully receive the gifts that the Disians offer us.**

- **What “gifts” are they even talking about? All they’re giving us are vague empty promises. Wake up, people!**

- **Flash Banger**

- **Have you not read the previous downloads? The Disians offer access to their personal magic, and in return they grant their thralls enhanced magical abilities or other boons … if they don’t reinvent them as a chimera. We call the people who take that deal and are embedded with a Disian crystal “Faustians.” Get with the fragging program!**

- **eX-Professor**

- **Word is that a lot of higher ups in the AF have been seen with these crystals. It seems they’ve made the Faustian bargain.**

- **> Sim-Eon**

**But there is a price that must be paid for this miracle. It is not demanded by the Disians, but by the foul nature of entropy itself, which works tirelessly to bring an end to the long-lived and powerful and tear down the wonders that have been wrought by them. The Disians, as a species, are**

**dying. Their home metaplane is fading away, the powers that once kept it intact and fueled its many wonders begin to dissipate. As much as we need the Disians, they need us—more so, perhaps. They need our help to restore their own plane to its former glory and ensure more millennia of existence for their people. What they need from us is what we have in abundance here at this time and place: mana. Our world is infuenced by great cycles of mana, and we are in a period of incredible abundance. We have far more mana in our world than is necessary for magic to exist. That is what the Disians need. They are entities who require high levels of mana to maintain consciousness, as they have transcended the weaknesses of the fesh. But this mana, which was once available in an endless supply to them, has begun to wane. With our help, we can feed them the mana they need to stabilize this loss and allow them to continue and thrive. They would be grateful for this, but they are already willing to share their knowledge even without the gift of life that is ours to give or withhold. They freely help us, with no guarantee of us returning the favor, but they hope we will aid them. It is not their way to seize power and take from others without permission, and so we must willingly aid them, or they will ultimately die.**

- **That’s not how metaplanar physics work. It’s like blood loss—lose it too fast, and you die. Take too much before it can naturally replenish, you die. Their harvesting operations also taint astral space, and some have left behind large mana voids that may never recover naturally. We can’t let them feed on our manasphere!**

- **Frosty**

- **Yeah, and they aren’t content to just wreck a spot here and there. They want it all. They won’t leave anything alive if left unchecked.**

- **Axis Mundi**

- **How do we know that? There was no mana around before the Awakening, and we did okay. Not saying it would be a good thing to undo the Awakening … that said, no more insect spirits sounds like it could be a good trade.**

- **Turbo Bunny**

- **Like Frosty said, it doesn’t work that way. There was mana around before the Awakening, it was simply at a lower level. Take it all away, and everything dies.**

- **Wayfinder**

- **How could you possibly know that for certain, though? Maybe it’s not that bad.**

- **Gadget**

- **Are you fragging serious?**

- **Icarus**



**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**throughout the Matrix. All you must do for your part is to quell these foul rumors. Do not heed them, and speak out against those who would cost both us and the Disians greatly in their foolishness. Take care to be understanding and forgiving, as the people who share such lies have been conditioned to believe them—it is not their fault. We cannot, however, allow superstitions and prejudice to cause catastrophe, and so we must guide them to enlightenment when we can. All that we ask is that you do your part and believe in a brighter future. Believe that the Disians are a benevolent and wondrous species. Believe in yourselves, that you may rise above your baser instincts and counter the deceit that would hold you in bondage for all eternity. All you must do is believe. I have faith that you will make the right choice, that you will ascend the transgressions of our past and become something better. Together, we will build a bright future, brighter than you could possibly imagine.**

- **Because sites that have been harvested fully are devoid of life. No plants, no bugs, not even microorganisms seem to be able to survive there for long.**

- **G-Nome**

- **So if you go into a mana void, you die?**

- **Gadget**

- **No, or at least not with short-term exposure. Animals and metahumans instinctively avoid such places and won’t die just because they entered one. If it’s everywhere, though, that would probably be a different story.**

- **Wayfinder**

**At this point you may be asking yourself, “What must I do to help the Disians, to ensure their survival and metahumanity’s salvation?” Well, I have some very good news for you: You don’t have to do anything! For the Atlantean Foundation, as well as various other parties—including a number of megacorporations—are poised to act. We have already begun to assist the Disians. Rejoice! For you are part of the salvation of an ancient people who are grateful to you, and you did not even have to lift a fnger to earn that gratitude. At this time, around the world, many places with an excess of mana are being tapped to bring the life-giving assistance the Disians so dearly need to their home plane. Their emissaries are here, guiding us as we help them.**

- **I know it’s stating the obvious, but the Disians are not benevolent. They aren’t seen as benevolent from the entities on other metaplanes, and they want to strip-mine our planet for its mana. They are evil, and they must be stopped. Unfortunately, some people might be taken in by this—it’s hard to believe, but there are plenty of individuals and corporations that are willing to overlook the dangers in order for short-term gains. We can’t afford to let that happen here. We must stop the Disians, or we all lose.**

**There are some who fear the Disians and would selfshly and greedily withhold what they need— already misinformation campaigns are spreading**

- **Axis Mundi**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 457] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
MISSION<br>BRIEFS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [22 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**
