---
id: SP-0168
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'The Null Sect: The Solution - Posted by: Spyder'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Null Sect: The Solution**

## **Posted by: Spyder**

**I’m going to throw out something here that’s a little off-the-wall—the Null Sect. It may sound crazy that a race of xenophobic Deep Foundation digital entities could have anything to offer in a confict with a metaplanar threat, but there IS a connection between the metaplane of Dis and the Null Sect. Depending on how solid the connection really is, it may be one that’s exploitable.**

**Let’s do a little background frst before we get to the paydata. Ever since the Null Sect tried to destroy the Nexus back in ’81, they’ve been a nova-hot topic of interest. Lots of job offers to collect data on them—recon runs into the Foundations of infected hosts and later into their Homeland. With the Nulls’ well-known hostility toward technomancers and AIs, only top-tier deckers—such as myself— would take on those jobs. While snooping on them, I learned that if you don’t act hostile, the Nulls will mostly treat non-Resonant device users like some type of interesting curiosity, maybe like how a metahuman would react to a talking dog. That attitude allowed me to learn a lot about the Null Sect on those runs, enough to understand how dangerous they really are. I’m not going to repost a lot of old data here but let’s just say I agree with the threat assessment Puck made in the** _**Null Value**_ **download.**

**Currently, some people think they’ve chilled out because there hasn’t been much recent news about**



**attacks, but I can tell you they’ve just been distracted by some shiny new toys; they’ll get back to the original program sooner or later. So, what’s the shiny distraction, you ask? Reality, that’s what, as in everything outside the Matrix, something they never even dreamed existed until a few years ago. Recently the obsession with fguring out reality has been expanded to include the metaplanes. I think that’s mostly due to Perri’s UnITy theory—technomancer stuff that includes how the Resonance Realms and the metaplanes are somehow connected.**

**And now on to the paydata. I’ll summarize some Null Sect news I posted on the Nexus a while back. Near the end of last year, I was running Matrix support on a job in Manhattan, and the Null Sect became wrapped up in it (see** _**Whisper Nets,**_ **p. 95). Our fxer brokered a job for a Null using the name Mr. Seven—or if it matters, Explorer Primary Seven. Mr. Seven wasn’t your typical digital intelligence skulking around the Matrix—it was walking the streets of Manhattan rigged into a SOTA anthrodrone covered in living fesh and dressed up as your typical wageslave. Anyway, it wanted a team of runners to get it into the metaplane of Dis through a portal Aztechnology had hidden somewhere in the city. Once everything was set up, Mr. Seven’s anthrodrone carried the Null right through the Azzies’ metaplanar portal and into Dis. A few days later, the team showed back up with Mr. Seven—apparently, it considered the run a success. While it never admitted to me that it was looking for data on Dis or shared anything it found, I can make an educated guess with the info I got from the team and my own follow-up legwork.**

**The Null Sect was looking for a layer in the proto-Matrix noosphere of Dis that was analogous to the Refecting Pool in our own Matrix Foundation. From there, it was trying to fnd a connection to its Homeland by going through the Resonance Realms. I know the Nulls have never had an interest in the Resonance Realms before now, as they believe they’re an abomination-flled wasteland, but as EIs, they are fully capable of traveling through them.**

**To sum up, a way into the Disian information systems through the Realms would be a game changer—if someone could convince the Nulls to help.**

- **I’ll jump in here with some more information. In the Hack and Slash data drop, I was outlining some of the basic ideas of the Universal Information Theory—UnITy for short—and the topic of Matrix equivalents in the metaplanes came up. There are quite a few examples out there, including a metaplane called Zecorporatum and we realized this one had a lot of similarities to a Resonance realm discovered by T3chK1d. After arranging a trip to Zecorporatum, with a fae living in Denver named Arcane,**

**I managed to find a way into its Deep Foundation. T3chK1d met me there after traveling through the Resonance Realms. This proved a part of UnITy, with at least one paired metaplane/ Resonance Realm existing.**

**When Spyder posted about the Null Sect traveling to Dis, I had to check it out for myself. I wanted to see if I could discover what they were looking for. Turns out getting to Dis was a lot harder than Zecorporatum, but Arcane eventually got us there. Once in Dis, I didn’t find any equivalent to the Matrix, just a lot of independent, unconnected data systems without a common language or even a common technology. However, the systems were all processing a lot of data and generating enough nous to create a noosphere. It was tattered and thin, but it was there, and I was convinced it had deeper structures with a connection to the realms. Finding the Disian version of the Reflecting Pool ended up being a monumental task, and after I managed to find it, I was immediately driven back out—yes, by the Null Sect. They have found a way into the boundary layer between the Dis noosphere and the realms. The Null Sect are colonizing it, building their own structures, and turning it into a version of their Homeland. If they have the same levels of control there as they do in our Matrix, they should be able to access the upper data systems of the Dis with ease, if they have a reason to do so. > Perri**

- **I have heard that, just like the material plane, there is no metaplanar translation when moving into Dis. I assume this goes for language and more specifically computer languages and protocols. How were you—and by extension the Null Sect—able to access their computer systems?**

**> Ethernaut**

- **Short answer, I wasn’t, not exactly. Technomancers—and as EIs, the Null Sect—don’t directly access computer systems. We access the mirrored versions of the systems inside the noosphere and that doesn’t rely so much on machine protocols and computer languages. Of course, you still need to know the actual language the data is written in to understand it, so it has its limits.**

- **> Perri**

- **Speaking of the Disian language, figuring it out seems to be another nova-hot topic of research. I hear the Null Sect are good at figuring out new languages—has anyone thought of asking them for help on that?**

- **Sam-R-Eye**

- **Go ahead. Let me know how that works out for you.**

- **Puck**

- **I already have operatives pursuing that very line of inquiry.**

- **> Script Diver**
