---
id: SP-0241
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Atlantean Foundation Misinformation - Posted by: Bull'
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Atlantean Foundation Misinformation**

## **Posted by: Bull**

**This post is a propaganda piece that was just recently released by the Atlantean Foundation. We already know that most of the AF was scattered during the Week of Death, so it shouldn’t be too much of a surprise that this statement is full of blatant falsehoods. It’s a misinformation piece playing on ignorance of current events. Granted, something like this might have worked if it came from a megacorp like Aztechnology, MCT, or even Horizon.**

- **If we had done it, you’d never know the difference.**

- **> Mr. Dowd**

**This piece is still dangerous, so we need to get the word out about what’s wrong with it. I’ve posted this here so that you can take a look at what sort of lies the other side is telling, and so you can respond and tear it apart piece by piece. I’m not just leaving the comment section open on this, I’m actively requesting that anyone with a perspective or information counter to the fake AF’s statements speak up and share. The fraggers are trying to lull us into a false sense of security so they can get away with whatever they want. I’m not about to let that happen. After a time, I’ll close out comment access, curate (and moderate) what’s there, and get it shared out by as many personas and hosts that I can. I hope you’ll help me with this.**

**With that, here’s the piece of bulldrek. Have at it.**
