---
id: SP-0431
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Game Effect: ward foam'
page: 185
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Game Effect: ward foam**

**Special Notes: The missile launchers are loaded with six HE missiles (rating 6). The grenade launcher is loaded with twelve HE grenades. Its electromagnetic shielding is always engaged while active, though it is also equipped with an external communications system that is directly wired to the rigger cocoon. The comm system is isolated from all vehicle and weapon controls to prevent the danger of being hacked remotely—the worst an enemy hacker could hope to accomplish is cut of comms or send falsifed messages. The drone rack is also isolated from the Matrix via electromagnetic shielding, so that the roller drones cannot be remotely hacked until after they are deployed. The reinforced cargo container is used to store tools and explosives, including thermite bars and directional charges. Note that the ceramic armor upgrade adds an additional 5 dice to damage resistance tests. Mr. Grey is designed to be piloted by a metahuman rigger assisted by a dual-brain pilot system. The pilot counts as two separate autopilots that can act independently (usually used as gunners), and it is equipped with the following autosofts at rating 6: Clearsight, Evasion, Maneuvering, Targeting.**

**When activated, the preparation creates a Mana Barrier with a Structure rating equal to the number of hits scored. In order to be efective, the foam must be applied on a fat horizontal surface in a circular pattern, the basic preparation making a 2-meter-radius ward. The area can only be increased during the preparation’s creation process, as noted above.**

**Base Drain Value: 5 Base Cost: 700¥**

**==> picture [176 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**


As a rule, shadowrunners aren’t afraid of things that go bump in the night—because usually, it’s them. They know, though, that they aren’t the only thing to worry about. The universe and the metaplanes have things they can’t imagine, things they **shouldn’t** imagine, because even thinking about them can drive you insane.

Some of those things are coming.

**Scotophobia** hurtles **Shadowrun** into a new plot direction, with twists, turns, and crises that will keep runners on their toes. It is for use with **Shadowrun, Sixth World** .

**==> picture [55 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CAT28303<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

catalystgamelabs.com I shadowruntabletop.com
