---
id: SP-0100
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Working the Court
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Working the Court**

**I fnd this one to be extraordinary. Only a few years ago, the Seelie Court seemed like one of the Black Lodge’s chief concerns. They wanted to decrease traffc between their world and ours, and they wanted any Seelie infuence in our world to be dramatically decreased. I know for a fact that the Lodge had a strong role in the existence and revelation of the Shadow faction, which had thrown the entire Court into an uproar.**

**Yet now, the Lodge wants to build alliances that strengthen the Court against Dis. I’m afraid I’m at just as much of a loss as anyone else to understand why they are doing this—their overall goals remain opaque.**

**That’s just the why, though. I believe I was asked here to discuss the what and the how.**

**The easiest tool for them to use to build a connection is the tourmaline pendulum hanging in the Great Hall of the Court. This appeared recently, and thanks to the alphabet positioned under it, it has become a vehicle for delivering messages believed to be from the Shadow faction. While the messages from the pendulum tend to be vague, lately they have become more specifc. Notably, they’ve contained specifc revelations about Dis advances in the Court, enabling courtiers to make preparations and shore up their defenses. They’ve also exposed some Dis infltrators in the Court.**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [278 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Unfortunately, this strategy has reached a point where the Lodge’s normal tactics are working against it. This is not to say that people in the Court know that the Lodge is behind this—they have certainly become more familiar with rumors of the Lodge in recent years, but the Lodge is too good at what they do to have allowed to Court to defnitively uncover any of their operatives. The problem, though, extends beyond how the Lodge operates to a general sense of tactics. When a source that has been intentionally unclear and sometimes directly unhelpful suddenly becomes direct and useful, people have a tendency to believe that the positive change is actually a setup. Soon enough, the other shoe will drop, and the helpful information will turn out to be part of some elaborate ruse or con. Many people believe that the best way to avoid losing such a game is to not play it, so they have stopped paying attention to or acting on the pendulum’s messages—which is of course frustrating when quick action is needed.**

**==> picture [278 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**This means the Lodge will require other methods of getting their messages across. Naturally, none of these will be obvious or straightforward. I cannot say what method they will eventually select, but I can tell you some of the typical things I might recommend in such circumstances.**
