---
id: SP-0179
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Additional Background Information: The Ebon Queen'
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Additional Background Information: The Ebon Queen**

**After Alachia defeated Harlequin, she used a ritual similar to the ones used to create the Court’s coimeádaí—a person magically altered to hold memories and other data—to drain Harlequin’s mind of his memories and will. Unlike the normal coimeádaí, Alachia holds the key—a golden coin called a pá—to the network of three coimeádaí that contain Harlequin’s memories. She does not have access to these memories, but neither does Harlequin. To keep them secure and hidden, the three young women are kept in separate cells in the deepest dungeons under the Seelie Court’s halls. The pá coin used as a key is kept locked in a guarded treasure room near Alachia’s quarters.**

**To free Harlequin’s mind, the method used by Alachia must frst be discovered. The three coimeádaí must be extracted from their cells and the key stolen from its guarded room. The unwitting court jester, the three coimeádaí, and the key will all have to be taken to the Unseelie Court and presented to the Ebon Queen, who can then undo the ritual and restore Harlequin’s memories. If anyone manages to pull of this series of tasks successfully, both the Ebon Queen and Harlequin will become inclined to oppose Dis, bringing numerous other powerful entities afliated with the Unseelie Court with them. If no one undertakes this task, the Ebon Queen will not join with Dis but will not actively oppose them either, keeping the Unseelie from supporting either side.**

**gain Aina’s help in fghting Dis, the temptation of the Emissary’s offer needs to be removed. Preferably by releasing Harlequin’s mind—and almost certainly gaining him as another ally. While the title of Eolaí carries no actual authority, convincing the Ebon Queen to join the fght would bring in far more help than just one powerful mage; many others would follow her, and not just the other members of the Unseelie Court. Like the Metaplane of Kin, the Metaplane of Faerie is far vaster than the fractured metaplane of Brocéliande and contains numerous other lands. Many of these are infuenced by the Seelie Court, but others such as the Court of Roses and the Autumn Court are closely aligned with the Unseelie. These will undoubtedly follow the lead of the Ebon Queen—when she eventually makes her decision.**

- **I remember you talking about this years ago in the Better Than Bad set of data drops. Are you saying that Harlequin has been a prisoner since then? That can’t be right—that post was from April 2080, and I know Laughing Man has been active on JackPoint since then. How is he posting if he doesn’t know who he is?**

- **> Sunshine**

- **I’m afraid it is true, and I was making those posts under his name. I was trying to figure out a way to free him and didn’t want the truth getting out before I was ready. Looking back now, that was probably a mistake.**

- **Frosty**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **I don’t know how you managed it, but you’re fraggin’ right it was a mistake. I’ll have to talk with Slamm-0! and see what he wants to do, but if it was up to me, you’d be off here permanently.**

- **> Glitch**

- **With everything happening, this discussion will have to wait. We can’t afford to lose anyone right now over a breach of etiquette. It sounds like getting some information about what’s happening with the Seelie Court’s jester is a far higher priority.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **I’m voting to let him rot right where he is.**

- **Bull**
