---
id: SP-0315
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "He\u2019s on OUR SIDE!"
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **He’s on OUR SIDE!**

**Once the player characters make entry into the barn, they will encounter a lesser Destroyer chimera (see p. 169) that starts moving toward the players characters. If they mistake its intent as hostile and mistakenly try to defend themselves, the chimera will reply in kind. If the player characters opt for a more diplomatic approach, any potential harm or bloodshed will be avoided.**

**Either in a calm and rational manner, or after a small skirmish, the townspeople get between the player characters and the chimera. The town marshal, who introduces himself finally as Buck Trumbull, does his best to explain, right after the chimera brokenly speaks, introducing himself as Calvin.**

**Approximately ten days ago (placing it during the Week of Death), armed soldiers and mercenaries backed up by the same type of chimera as Calvin came to “harvest” the people. Some of the town tried to fee; some even resisted. But between the troops and chimera, it was hopeless. Over seventy percent of the town was killed, and the rest would have been taken if not for Calvin, who in his broken words “woke up” and defended the remainder of the town. Some of the mass graves were for the townsfolk; the rest were for the chimera and soldiers.**

**Fearing the troops and more chimeras would return to fnish the job, the town constructed the barn as a sort of refuge. They kept trying to get help, but everyone they sent either came back emp-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**ty-handed or was never heard from again. If asked why Buck didn’t just lead the town out, he replies “And go where? We were sold out before, who’s to say it won’t happen again? We’re fragged no matter what we do.”**


**somehow contact Ms. Johnson, she will immediately send in her own mercenary support within two hours after contact. Should that happen, the opposition mercenaries will either fee or surrender.**
