---
id: SP-0232
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Oahu, Kingdom of Hawai\u2019i - Status: Contested"
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Oahu, Kingdom of Hawai’i**

## **Status: Contested**

**And now a bit of good news direct from one of our feld agents.**

**One of the more successful operations against the Disian harvest took place in Puowaina (also known**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**as “Punchbowl Crater”), located north of Honolulu on the island of O’ahu. Because of higher levels of spirit activity, local operatives were able to track an unusually high amount of activity from Wuxing operatives. Their agents have been generally avoiding the area over recent years after clashes with the Army for the Liberation of Hawai’i. ALOHA is considered to be a terrorist organization because of their willingness to use violence and make the Kingdom a place only for Polynesian “purebloods.” Through shared contacts with the Draco Foundation, we’ve been able to work with ALOHA on occasion. It’s a tenuous alliance, but when it comes to countering megacorp shenanigans, we have a common purpose. Without risking my sources, I can reveal that we tracked an infux of Wuxing activity.**

**Punchbowl Crater is a hallowed, secluded place rarely visited even by locals. It is a place of spirits, and locals show respect for that by giving them space. The Wuxing operation was careful and quiet, and we only noticed them because of the large amount of cargo inside the crater. Recon of the site revealed large, camoufaged tents. a powerful ward, and most importantly, increased agitation among the spirits. One of stealth drones got inside a tent and confrmed the worst, Disian Harvester components. We didn’t have heavy combat assets, so I had our local agents contact ALOHA. We expected** _**them**_ **to mount an attack on their own, but they instead got the Hawai’ian government to send in a strike from Honolulu. Wuxing must have been tipped off, but not in time for a clean getaway. They had demolition charges in place to destroy any evidence in case of discovery. There’s now a new, smaller crater in Puowaina. I’m sure there’s some intact evidence out there, but the local spirits have become much more territorial and vengeful—it’s not safe for metahumans there. The local population is outraged at this destruction, but ALOHA has leveraged the situation in their favor.**

**The overall result was a mess, but I’m confdent that the harvesting operation was suffciently disrupted and it’s going to be much more diffcult for the Disians to try again.**
