---
id: SP-0173
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'The Vory: The Endangered Red Wolf - Posted by: Marko'
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Vory: The Endangered Red Wolf**

## **Posted by: Marko**

**Outsiders have long viewed Mother Russia as a nation steeped in mystery. The rest of the world knew relatively little about this region even before the era of Communist control and Moscow’s failed imperial ambitions. However, a remnant of Russia’s history arrived in North America in the midst of the twenty-frst century, yearning for a piece of the action. The Vory v Zakone, or “thieves who obey the code,” were ready and started expanding. The origins of the Vory v Zakone, or simply**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Vory, are rooted in 1917 with the First Russian Revolution. Political rivals of the State established alliances with several career criminals when the Communist Revolution endangered their interests. Then, during World War II, a struggle arose among the Vory. It consisted of those who adhered to the ban on enlisting in the military to defend the Communist State and those who felt the world was there to destroy them. The aftermath was a unique amalgamation that created a clandestine organization that worked for many years in the Soviet government’s shadows before taking over the lucrative underground economies and other forms of organized crime in the former Soviet Union.**

**Things went well until the Vory was forced to change due to the political factors that contributed to the dissolution of the Soviet Union. This caused disputes between the Vory’s Georgian and Russian divisions, which ran autonomously until they were partially reunited some ffty years ago. A loose global agreement between all the Vorys occurred following the upheaval of the EuroWars and the fall of Mother Russia’s empire. This strengthened the organization and gave the Vory in North America the ability to expand rapidly.**

**So it’s not surprising that, with the UCAS on the ropes, we’re seeing them expand their North American operations. With their rapid increase in power, the North American Vory has become more rebellious, and the organization’s other tsars and factions have started to notice and in some cases have stopped providing support. This will add chaos to an already-unstable environment, because the Vory are not known for their ability to create stability or security. Their whole mantra is looking out for themselves and no one else.**

**Who leads the Vory v Zakone? That isn’t a simple answer. The Vory split in the late 2020s. Those who stayed and submitted in Russia became the Red Vory. The others are now known as the White Vory, to symbolize their cleanliness and purity to the Vory cause. The Red Vory is more traditional than the White Vory, and it is dominant in Russia and its government. The White Vory has more of a presence in Western Europe, the Middle East, and North America.**

**The Vory factions each have a single powerful leader, like a Mafa capo or Yakuza oyabun. Several hundred Vory factions are known to operate - in Russia. However, fewer than twenty signif cant factions exist in North America. The Vory leaders classifed as tsars by most of the world are not as infuential or powerful as either their Mafa or Yakuza counterparts, though they still wield considerable power within their organizations. The Red Vory and White Vory both view the opposite faction as inauthentic traitors, but they may still love or hate individual tsars. I believe the only reason these two organizations remain connected is that there is a codependent re-**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**lationship between them. The White Vory is one of the Red Vory’s biggest customers, operating as the agent for the Red Vory’s illegal products.**

**> They have been stepping up operations in New Orleans, too. > Lav**

**For some reason, a Russian tsar known as the Red Wolf is starting to make a separate name for himself in several metroplexes and cities, notably along the Pacifc Coast. He and his Metal Angels are coming in and giving ultimatums to other tsars. Whatever the conditions, if the tsars agree, the Red Wolf offers his support and provides resources to strengthen the tsar’s position. If for any reason the tsar disagrees or attempts to double-cross the Red Wolf, they are met with unsympathetic violence. If nothing else, the Red Wolf and his Metal Angles are results-driven.**
