---
id: SP-0259
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Special Notes
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Special Notes**

**Attempting to sneak into the facility will require avoiding detection by all on-site security. Gaining access to buildings will require bypassing the maglocks or acquiring an RF access chip, which is normally attached to guard and employee ID badges.**

**Employees are loyal and well-compensated Evo corporate citizens. They’ll be easily suborned, but they’re metahuman. Gaining access to them without entering the facility will be nearly impossible, as they follow strict security protocols and remain onsite even when not on duty. They’re also forbidden to access the Matrix except through the local host, which can download material for them—under security’s supervision. However, there are regular duty rotations that allow non-critical personnel to take time off.**

**The facility is designed to be self-suffcient, but food, reagents, and other necessities must be brought in on a weekly basis. These shipments are delivered via Evo company vehicles rather than relying on outside delivery services. Regular shipments are delivered via Ares Venture aircraft, but larger shipments are delivered via trucks.**

**When a cyberzombie is ready to be shipped, a heavily armed Banshee V/TOL arrives to transport the asset. This vehicle is accompanied by a military-grade security team—not to mention the fully functional cyberzombie itself. Hopefully, the player characters will avoid the facility during this transfer, which isn’t diffcult as the visit is brief. Unless player characters directly engage the Banshee or attempt to capture the cyberzombie, the Banshee will evac rather than engage, even if the facility is in danger.**

**If confronted with what they are doing, the cyberdocs and blood mages will say that the project is for the greater good. They’ll claim the cyberzombies are the only weapons capable of opposing the terrible threat posed by the Disians and try to convince the player characters that their Mr. Johnson will kill them to tie up any loose ends. The players must then decide whether to complete the mission or allow the cybermancy to continue.**

**If the players do complete the mission, Calavera will pay them. If they bring up anything about the Evo employees’ claims regarding the Disians, Calavera will brush it off as lies, which he believes is true. Having no knowledge of Dis, Calavera believes the real motives behind the run are punitive, as cybermancy data was stolen from Aztechnology.**
