---
id: SP-0116
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: \<<<visuals and preliminary site data attached>>>
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<<visuals and preliminary site data attached>>>**

**The site appears to be a large compound in the early stages of construction with several sizable structures. Evidence indicates a recent attack on the facility by an unknown force, completely destroying it. Numerous examples of Disian devices and the remains of chimera creatures confrm involvement.**

**The initial inspection of the site reveals small-arms and heavy-caliber weapons fre, high explosives, and fragmentation-rocket impacts, and what appears to be railgun strikes. Astral space also has residual evidence of very powerful magic being employed. This indicates an elite corp-sec squad, or a government black ops team was responsible for**

**banking records that show twenty billion nuyen missing from corporations that apparently never existed at all. And all of the above have ties to southwest Russia near the Zhiguli mountains.**

- **Old Crow**

- **Other than a similar name, I’m not seeing a connection.**

- **Elijah**

- **That’s because there isn’t one.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **You know there are other clans of Makers out in the Faerie metaplane. I have personal knowledge of the Naszaly Makers in the Autumn Court, and I’ve heard of several other similar Maker clans. I’ve always believed they were fae who took on the form of dwarfs instead of elves, and the Zhigul Makers in the Seelie Court were the same.**

- **Ethernaut**

**the attack on the facility. Investigators deployed to interview the nearby farming community seem to confrm this supposition. The residents claimed that the “military” came with fying tanks and magic that turned the night sky to day, saving them from the nest of monsters. However, they have no knowledge of exactly what military organization was involved.**

**Further examination of the site will be required. We are requesting security teams be dispatched immediately to secure the area. A full clean-up/containment team—or two— will also need to be dispatched to properly process the site.**
