---
id: SP-0066
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Gate Manipulation
page: 34
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Gate Manipulation**

**There are two primary schools of thought when it comes to what to do with metaplanar gates. One school says lots of metaplanar gates serve their purposes. Dis will retain access to our realm, but their strength will be diluted, spread through many gates, which could hinder their larger goals while also allowing a less-damaging version of their plans to advance. Leaving gates open could also lessen damage to the manasphere by subtly taking back any mana Dis takes. That will require sophisticated mana-manipulation techniques.**

- **Given that’s how Aztechnology’s interest in all this started, it’s not surprising that they’d continue in that direction.**

- **Elijah**

**The second school of thought says too many portals lead to too much chaos—too many ways mana can be transferred, and too many ways Dis could conceivably be harmed. In this point of view, gate management is a critical part of success, no matter how you defne it.**

**Wuxing is one of the leaders in this area. They view the various gateways, rifts, and what-haveyou that have been popping up lately as a nuisance at best to our manasphere, and they think the sooner they can be closed, the better. If that means reducing the access of other planes, including the Seelie Court, to our plane, they don’t mind at all. They want stability here, and rifts and tears are the opposite of stability. So they will close them as fre-**

**quently and thoroughly as they can, while making sure Dis has enough access to keep them happy.**

- **It’s a tricky area. We’re still learning about how mana flow works, and we’re not yet clear on how it resembles fabric—that is, does pulling here result in movement there? There is some indication that it at least occasionally works like that, so Wuxing might need to exercise caution to consider what effects closing one mana flow at one spot might have at another.**

- **Frosty**


**them now, as jobs will be forthcoming and money will be available.**
