---
id: SP-0163
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Mercenaries: Clusterfragged'
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mercenaries: Clusterfragged**

**Posted by: Colonel Cobra**

**As this cold war within the shadows has gone nova hot, the mercenary community fnd themselves drawn into it, but not in ways one would expect.**

**Current international and corporate laws allow for the hiring and contracting of mercenaries or military contractors to conduct military and paramilitary operations against specifc targets and entities under certain conditions. Without getting too much into the legal speak, what this means is that a party can legally use mercenary forces against another party if certain guidelines are met and rules of engagement followed. All of this is, of course, governed by the International Mercenary Association, which handles the actual contracts and deals with any disputes.**

**So, what does this have to do with the current Disian situation? To put it mildly, a lot.**

**In a move that would have impressed Sun Tzu, multiple contract injunctions have been issued by the Corporate and various government courts. This has effectively nullifed the ability of multiple mercenaries and mercenary commands to legally take the feld in any capacity until the contract disputes are cleared up. And surprise, a lot of those contract holders ultimately belong to pro-Disian or allied corporations. These units are now stalled or forced to remain with their current contract holder.**

**Now, a few units have realized that something is up, and they are trying to fgure out exactly what while others are attempting to call the IMA out on their bulldrek. A few of them have even gone rogue and started taking black contracts. But most merc units are stuck in their current positions, and in some cases being forced to do the dirty work for pro-Disian entities. Meanwhile, most of the top-tier merc units are riding things out, seeing which way things will go before deciding on a course of action.**



**==> picture [247 x 234] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 367] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 367] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

**But overall, the situation is a Charlie Foxtrot of the highest magnitude.**

**> Not that it really matters. The real professionals know what is real and what is now Dis-tainted information.**

**> Picador**
