---
id: SP-0140
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Renraku - Posted by: Sam-R-Eye'
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Renraku**

## **Posted by: Sam-R-Eye**

**I can sum up Renraku’s position on Dis succinctly and thusly: They. Are.** _**Slotted**_ **.**

**Now the exact reasons for this slotted-off status are varied and in some cases actually nuanced, but I’ll talk about those in just a few. But regardless of the why, now that the Week of Death is (mostly?) over, Renraku is in full-out anti-Dis mode and wants nothing less than to destroy every trace of Disian infuence wherever they can fnd it. I’m honestly surprised they’re still (for the most part) keeping things in the shadows. At least for now. And while other corporations and governments still have some internal struggles regarding their own levels of Disian infltration, Renraku has zero problems regarding that. As soon as the Renraku board found out about the Disians, they conducted their own internal investigations that led to what amounts to corporate-wide purges that would have made tinpot dictators proud.**

- **Thing was, Renraku corporate security knew of the Disians a while ago and had already initiated the groundwork for the internal “cleansing,” which kicked off a few days before the Week of Death. The latter is simply a convenient excuse to keep going.**

- **Mihoshi Oni**

- **If there are any infiltrators or Disian allies still within Renraku, they’ve gone deep. Either to continue their work, or because they’re too fragging scared to do anything else but hide.**

- **Jimmy No**

- **Not just purges. When any Disian allies or infiltrators were found, those responsible for missing such breaches in security not only rooted out the “infection” (as Renraku calls it) with a zealot’s fervor but later committed seppuku to atone for their failures once the job was done.**

- **Baka Dabora**
