---
id: SP-0202
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Mount Kilimanjaro, Kenya - Status: Friendly'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mount Kilimanjaro, Kenya**

## **Status: Friendly**

**Before the Skyhook Space Elevator became operational in the mid-2070s, Mt. Kilimanjaro’s Space Mass Driver launch complex was touted as “the gateway to the stars” for its ability to get more payloads into space more effciently than any other complex in the world. Its fnal payload was scheduled to be launched on September 20, 2077, as part of its gradual decommissioning. But operations continued well into 2078 and into early 2079. It was then discovered that S-K was still using the mass driver to covertly deploy off-world mining drones that would then bring back ore from locations such as the asteroid belt for use in Harvester construction.**

**In one of Grey Cell’s frst missions, after using the Draco Foundation as intermediaries, they partnered with local tribes who have been waiting for a chance to fnally shut down the mass driver once and for all. On February 24, 2079, a task force of Grey Cell operatives and local tribal warriors supported by local spirts assaulted the complex and took it over, easily overcoming the local security forces.**

**Since then, the mass driver has remained inactive, and no corporate or Disian forces have attempted to retake the complex. Not wanting to reveal the fact they’d been kicked off, S-K news outlets simply spun the story as the normal shutdown date, and no one has since bothered to contest that.**

- **Okay, that’s great and all, but so what? As far as I can tell, the Disians care frag-all about outer space.**

- **Sam-R-Eye**



- **Other than proving that Grey Cell could take on such an operation, it also provided critical experience in negotiating with and turning local leaders into allies. All of which had been theoretical up to that point.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **I’ve also been hearing rumors that the Kilimanjaro complex has come back online, not as a launch platform but as a massive communications hub for anti-Disian forces.**

- **Orbital DK**

- **Won’t that slot off the locals again?**

- **Hard Exit**

- **That’s the critical difference between making allies and making friends.**

- **Fianchetto**
