---
id: SP-0152
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Current Operations
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Current Operations**

**Renraku may be a lot of things—arrogant, chauvinistic, traditionalist, and stubborn—but stupid isn’t one of them. I half expected Renraku to go full-out** _**banzai**_ **and start dropping Red Samurai directly on top of their enemies. But surprisingly, they’re taking a somewhat measured, long-term approach.**

**Best way to describe it is in phases. Phase one is the gathering of forces. Already several Red Samurai and assorted Renraku security personnel and intelligence agents have been assembling, most notably at the aforementioned Okinawa “training facility.” Renraku Johnsons have also been paying top dollar for intel relating to MCT, Wuxing, and Aztechnology specifcally. Additionally and most surprisingly, Renraku has been considering overtures from various “like-minded parties” to conduct joint operations, or at least coordinate somewhat and share intelligence.**

- **Which is proving to be difficult. Seeing all this as a matter of honor, Renraku would prefer to handle it themselves. But at the same time, they know (but won’t admit) that they can’t. So they’re walking a very fine line to save face and not look weak but still accept assistance.**

- **Jimmy No**

**Phase two is the commencement of feld operations, which as I understand have already begun on a small scale. Current ROE is set to go something like this: intelligence assets identify a target, and the appropriate assets are then sent in to deal with it, all under the watchful eye of Tai-sa Minoru and his direct subordinates. Seems cut-and-dried on e-paper, but with Renraku, nothing can be that simple. I’m expecting a lot of friction between Renraku and any allies they choose to align with, because sometimes the honorable samurai just can’t get out of their own fragging way. Still, trusted shadowrunners and similar assets have already identifed and set up targets for the Red Samurai to decapitate. Sometimes literally.**

- **Fraggin-A they have. I was hired by a Renraku Mr. Johnson last week to deliver some apparently really fragging important data to a contact in North America. How do I know the data**

**was important? Because someone sent a team of infiltrator chimeras to get my skinny hoop, and that team was backed up by one of those fragging “Destroyer” types! Three out of my four escorts were geeked in short order, while my chummer Rix and I were pinned down in a parking garage. Then, suddenly, this lone Red Samurai drops some flash bangs and charges head-on into the fray. My mind still can’t process the details because it happened so fast, but when it was all over, all the bad guys were dead. The Red Samurai then just strode forward, battered and bloody but victorious, holding the chimera’s head in his hand like a trophy. Turns out he was our contact, so we made the transfer and he simply walked away … taking his trophy with him. Never thought I’d see the day where I was glad to see a Red Samurai.**

**> Rambler Rose**

**Phase three is more ambitious. According to my data, it’s mostly a bunch of “what if” scenarios and vague directives about working with the aforementioned “like-minded parties.” But there are possible contingencies for things such as an all-out attack on MCT HQ, or Aztechnology’s Antarctica facility; insane drek like that. However, the biggest problem Renraku faces isn’t a lack of resources or even a will to fght. It’s the fact that if they want to defeat Dis, they know they’ll have to ally themselves with others. And with any alliance, there will be some problems.**
