---
id: SP-0108
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Staying Relevant
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Staying Relevant**

**The most important thing that came out of that period is the foundation taking on a more proactive role in trying to solve the Sixth World’s problems. To the general public, the Draco Foundation was a major philanthropical force, working to provide for the underprivileged across the globe. Other times, they tried to act as impartial moderators during various crises, which to be honest met with mixed results.**

- **“Mixed results” is putting it mildly. The Draco Foundation quickly gained a reputation for putting their noses into situations where they didn’t belong and often making the situation worse. Case in point, the Kilimanjaro Mass Driver. Local tribes backed by some slotted-off spirits were threatening the launch facility there, and local corporate security forces were having none of it. So in waltzes the DF, offering to help. Thing was, neither side wanted**



**to compromise, and in the end, local Ares security forces used the DF’s overtures to set a trap and wipe out the leadership of at least three local tribes to prove their point.**

- **Scattershot**

**But within the shadows, that was a different story.**

**For years the famous (or infamous, depending on your point of view) bounties the Draco Foundation placed on insect shamans, toxic shamans, and blood mages were the stuff of legends. Some runners received a payday of a lifetime, or more often found an early grave pursuing those bounties. Still, those bounties were only the tip of the iceberg.**

- **There’s something about those bounties that always bothered me. What does the foundation do with those they’ve captured? They’re not a country or corporation, so basically they’ve been engaging in what is essentially kidnapping for twenty-five years now. And no one cares?**

- **Lady Greenfire**

- **My guess is that no one will prosecute because the knowledge gained goes right to specific people in very high places. The price for looking the other way. Just goes to show, even the DF has a dark side.**

- **eX-Professor**
