---
id: SP-0194
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Known Hot Spots
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Known Hot Spots**

**Below is the current list of all known fash point event and locations of known contact with the enemy. Given the sheer scope of this confict, it is impossible to list every single incident or point of contact with Disian forces. These simply represent the major locations and events we currently know about. There are hundreds, maybe thousands more events or incidents worldwide that we simply don’t know about.**

**And maybe never will.**

**Below is a current list of known hotspots where confict with the Disians is ongoing. These locations are classifed in one of four ways: Contested, Friendly, Disian, or Disian Stronghold. Contested , of course, means that neither side in this confict has a clear advantage in this area or that hostilities may be ongoing. Friendly means that Disian infuence has either been removed or somehow negated in that area, that the controlling government**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**or corporation is anti-Disian, or that the area is at least neutral. And given the nature of the Disian threat, there are very few of those in the world. The Disian designation applies to areas where they’ve gained relative control over the area or that most of the local government is pro-Disian (even if the majority of the population doesn’t know it). Finally, a Disian Stronghold designation indicates not only an area under Disian control, but where measures have been taken to fortify it in such a way that it prevents most operations from being conducted within its boundaries. To date, there are only a few locations with these designations. But any location that houses a Harvester will most certainly be a stronghold.**

- **So why don’t the good guys have strongholds?**

- **Flash Banger**

- **Because we are the insurgents here; we are the terrorists. One of our greatest assets is our ability to fade away when necessary and then hit from another location. Besides, if given enough time, Disian forces can simply amass enough firepower to steamroll any of us if we stay in one spot for too long.**

- **Rifleman**
