---
id: SP-0217
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Free City of Berlin, Allied German States - Status: Contested'
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Free City of Berlin, Allied German States**

## **Status: Contested**

**Before the Week of Death started, Grey Cell operatives began the work of setting up networks within the AGS. Using contacts within various neo-anarchist groups (who were more than happy to help frag with S-K), a preliminary network was set up in the Free City of Berlin. Intended primarily a listening outpost and for intelligence gathering, all contact with Berlin Station was lost the moment the Week of Death kicked off.**

**The same happened to the northern part of the AGS. Approximately ten kilometers north of the Rhine-Ruhr megasprawl all the way to Leipzig, the area’s power and Matrix service went completely dark. The event was eerily similar to the UCAS blackouts, so much so that the entire country’s military and S-K were put on full alert. The mini blackout ended approximately ten hours later and with little to no damage reported in the region, except for a few “isolated incidents of property damage and theft”—at least at frst.**

**The cause of the entire situation was explained as a “mishap” during a routine diagnostic of the**



**area’s power grid, which shut down the Matrix grids as well.**

**In reality, S-K repeated a trick they’d used before, during the Second Matrix Crash, and literally cut the power to the area. Then, under cover of this darkness, Disian forces assaulted Berlin Station and anyone associated with Grey Cell. The raids also targeted several neo-a groups who during the chaos helped Grey Cell survivors get to safety in nearby Prague.**

**Police and security forces across the AGS continued their raids and eventually amended their story. Instead of an accident, the power and Matrix outages were revealed to be part of an elaborate sting operation. Authorities had acted on credible information pertaining to “radical groups” posing a clear and present danger to the AGS, “the likes of which have not been seen since Winternight.”**

- **Well, I’ll give them this, they spoke the truth. Just depends on how you look at it.**

- **Deadline**

- **Never forget, words can be weapons.**

- **Sunshine**

**Since then, all neo-a groups in the AGS and surrounding countries have gone deep underground to avoid any further raids or reprisals. But rumors are now starting to circulate that all these separate groups are so slotted off that they’re about to do something they’ve never done before: unite.**

**Already being called the United Anarchist Front , many neo-a groups like Black Star and other neo-a groups are making their way to the AGS in order to see which direction this new alliance will go. As of this post, UAF ranks are already swelling, hence the “Contested” rating.**

- **Yeah! See you mother fraggers in the AGS! Itch bean ein Berliner!**

- **Flash Banger**

- **Ahhh … you know, never mind.**

- **Thorn**

- **No wonder I’ve been getting a lot of orders from the AGS. Business is about to be good.**

- **Red Anya**

- **Am I the only one who sees the irony in that name?**

- **Bull**

- **I’m honestly not sure how I feel about this. Sure, they’d be great against the Disians, but what about after?**

- **> Cool Hand Duke**

**> If we survive, I doubt most of us will be able to go back to the way things were. But then again, a little revolution is good for the soul.**

**> Old Crow**
