---
id: SP-0088
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: '> Picador'
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Picador**

- **Not surprising. I took a look at the charges; the original petition was filed on behalf of the Government of Aztlan. Geez, they’re not even trying to hide it anymore.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **It’s still one way to try and keep them tied up and out of the action. Thing is, this can work in the accused’s favor. While they’re under investigation, per the IMA charter, no other mercenary unit, government, or corporation can act against these units/individuals until the matter is resolved. So, as long as the accused don’t do anything stupid, they’ve got some protection, even if it is backhanded.**

- **Legal Eagle**

- **I’ve made a career out of doing “stupid” things. Not going to stop now.**

- **Rifleman**

**Adding insult to injury, they then portrayed the subsequent security and law enforcement response as “striking back” when in actuality they were nothing more than the subsequent wave of attacks against anti-Disian elements. But this time they had legitimacy of law and public support behind them.**

**Mostly.**

**Regardless, this strategy not only serves to limit Grey Cell’s movement but to instantly put targets on their backs, as well as paint them as the bad guys in this whole affair. At least for now, because from what I hear, other elements and factions are entering the fght.**

- **Funny thing about labeling people as “terrorists”—sometimes it has the opposite intended effect. Instead of driving people away from the group or cause in question, people are driven straight to it. They then take up the cause because they see the hypocrisy, or they want payback for what was taken from them. Governments before them, corporations, and now the Dis are about to be reminded of this lesson.**

- **Old Crow**



**==> picture [282 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [315 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**
