---
id: SP-0048
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Becoming the Linchpins
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Becoming the Linchpins**

**Without going into corporate history, know that MCT gained their corporate rating through brutality and willingness to co-opt anything they could rather than rely on any ingenuity or innovation. Aztechnology was a favorite and frequent target of MCT data thefts, especially regarding magical information, which continues even as the two collaborate with the Dis. Regardless, MCT is good enough to reverse-engineer whatever they acquire and repurpose it.**

**So while MCT didn’t have the raw magical ability that Aztechnology and Wuxing have, they had** _**just enough**_ **to make them worthwhile allies to the Disians. What they DID have was greater knowledge of Matrix technology and engineering than the other two corporations combined. This allowed MCT to bridge the magical and data processing requirements that the (stupidly named, in my opinion) Devices and later Harvesters needed to work.**

**Thanks, MCT.**

**> Okay, I get it now. Aztechnology and Wuxing make the magic work, Wuxing also transports the machinery, S-K heavy industry builds, and for lack of a better term MCT “cracked the code” on how the machines manipulate and deal with the magical energies. Frag me.**

**> Pistons**

**> The applications and consequences of which should be obvious. > Philostrate**

**This pleased the MCT board and Ichi to no end. Not only had they securely positioned themselves as the keystone in the harvesting plan, but they got to stick it to Aztechnology once again.**
