---
id: SP-0005
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: by RJ Thomas - Grey Cell Safehouse 15 km North of Budapest 11-02-2082
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## by RJ Thomas

## Grey Cell Safehouse 15 km North of Budapest 11-02-2082

Removing her _ushanka_ -style hat, Dal rubbed her temples as she jacked out from her cyberterminal, the afterimages of augmented and virtual reality still hovering in her vision. Brushing aside several empty energy drink containers, the young decker grabbed her soykaf mug but realized it was empty.

“You killed that off two hours ago,” said a voice across the room. Dal looked over and saw Anatoli with his own mug in his left cyberhand.

Dal smirked. “Thought Farkas had you on security duty tonight.”

Now Anatoli smirked. “That was _last_ night. You’ve worked over twenty hours.”

Dal sighed. “Frag. And I’ve still got more than two thousand fi les to decrypt. I’d give my left arm if …”

Realizing what she’d just said, she fearfully looked at Anatoli, his hand tight on his metal mug. Raw anger fl ashed across his face, but instead of lashing out, AnaHe waved it off. “You’ve been non-stop for, what, four days now? But tell you what. I’ll watch things here. You head down to the galley and bring us _both_ back refi lls and I’ll call it even. Deal?”

Dal nodded and picked up their mugs.

“Also, Piri is hoarding again. I think it’s time he shared,” Anatoli said with a sly grin as Dal headed out.

Upset with her faux pas with Anatoli, Dal’s mind drifted back to a year ago when Farkas had convinced everyone to join the Grey Cell organization. Their primary mission was to monitor and, if necessary, act against a threat known as the Disians. Or, as Farkas simply called them, “the Enemy.”

Remembering the horrors she’d seen since, Dal banished such memories as she made her way down the corridors, unusually quiet except for one. Six months ago, the team had successfully conducted a snatch-andgrab of a Saeder-Krupp data courier in Budapest. They acquired several thousand gigapulses worth of paydata that established links between the Disians and S-K, among other megacorporations.

They pulled off the run without any major glitches, except for Anatoli. The courier’s bodyguards had targetSCOTOPHOBIA // ONE LAST JOB

**==> picture [239 x 233] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 233] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [341 x 167] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [138 x 167] intentionally omitted \<==**

ed the Russian-born mage almost immediately. Anatoli had lost his arm, both legs, and several organs. Weeks later, he’d returned with cybernetic replacements and said he was ready to rejoin. Farkas was hesitant but eventually agreed. But Dal still saw the haunted look in Anatoli’s eyes.

In the galley, Dal found Piri’s “secret” stash of _real_ coffee and brewed two large cups. Dal wanted something considerably stronger, but she’d sworn off such things. Still, she had her own special stash back in the lab, a small “victory party” for when the job was complete and the Disian threat was over.

For now, coffee it was.

As Dal took her fi rst sip, the galley door slowly creaked open and light fl ooded into the room, killing her low-light vision. Feeling like a naughty child, Dal whipped around and hid the mug behind her back. As her low-light vision engaged, she recognized Gara and sighed, glad it wasn’t Piri. “Don’t scare me like that, Gara,” she said, raising her mug. “We’ve already been on edge for weeks, holed up … Gara?”

The question died as Dal’s optics fully engaged. Gara looked like he was simply standing in the doorway, but Dal realized that the human mercenary was being held fi fteen centimeters off the ground by a long dark spike that protruded upward through his chest. He looked like a meat puppet whose strings had been cut, a macabre trophy. Yet his Onotari Violator heavy pistol was still clenched in his lifeless right hand.

Terrifi ed, Dal watched as the … _thing_ ducked down and entered the galley. At over two meters tall, it had a muscular torso and long arms with multiple bone-like spikes protruding along the top of the forearms while a single, spear-like spike protruded from underneath. The monster’s muscular legs were canted backward like an avian. Its face had slits for a nose, dark eyes, and a widehinged jaw fi lled with razor-like teeth.

She remembered the data fi les she’d decrypted, about the living weapons the Disians created known simply as chimeras.

The Enemy had found them.

Barely registering the sound of her coffee mug shattering on the fl oor, Dal transfi xed on Gara’s head as it rolled to the side, blank eyes staring forever forward. As the chimera strode closer, two more came in, their bodies covered in red gore, one of them chewing on a dismembered metahuman leg. Dal barely perceived their low hiss-growls but was brought out of her paralysis when the fi rst chimera slung Gara’s body at her.

Gara’s corpse slammed into her, instantly knocking her wind out, the head bouncing Dal’s off the cabinet. Her cybereyes fl ickered, but her adrenaline was fl owing, and she heaved Gara off her. The chimera strode forward, fl icking blood from its left arm while the right pointed at Dal like a cannon. Bone spikes angled downward and along the forearm as if being readied to fi re.

Suddenly, a rage-fi lled war cry rang out, and all the chimeras turned toward it. The one tossed its leg-snack



**and strode out to meet the challenge. Its jaw unhinged to attack, but a stream of explosive rife rounds drilled into its mouth, causing it to stagger. With eyes wide, Dal watched as Farkas, the cybered** _**harcos**_ **(warrior), slammed into the chimera like a rugby player, knocking it on its back. Before it could rise, Farkas stomped his bare foot on its chest and fnished the job with his AK-97; purple blood and gore exploded out the back of its head.**

**The next chimera quickly extended its arm. The skin around the bone spikes swelled before it launched them like crossbow bolts at the bare-chested warrior. Twisting, Farkas took most of the spikes in his cybernetic right arm, causing minimal damage. Unfortunately, two embedded deep into his rife, rendering it useless.**

**Behind Farkas, a fgure moving with unearthly speed rushed in, their hands glowing with ethereal energy. Before the second chimera could react, Piri the ork adept delivered a fury of blows and a roundhouse kick that snap-twisted the chimera’s head almost 180 degrees.**

**Tossing his rife, Farkas drew his monoflament-edged** _**szabla**_ **from a hip-scabbard and rushed the last chimera. The saber-like sword slashed deep into the second chimera’s side, sending purplish blood spraying. The chimera ignored the attack and went after Farkas with its underarm spikes. Farkas quickly parried then turn-stepped inside the chimera’s reach and punched upward under the chimera’s jaw with his left hand. A cyber-blade burst from his wrist a millisecond before his fst connected. Roaring, Farkas fung the chimera to the foor, ripping its jaw out in the process. But the chimera rushed Farkas, slashing with its arm spikes.**

**Farkas sidestepped just in time to avoid the full brunt of the chimera’s charging attack, but a backhand strike sent him crashing into the kitchen table and the foor. Now with its foot on Farkas’ chest, the chimera raised its arm for the death blow.**

**Across the galley, Dal wrenched the pistol from Gara’s grasp and emptied the magazine into the chimera’s back. It stiffened momentarily and glanced back at her with an annoyed look.**

**That was all Farkas and Piri needed.**

**Crossing his two blades just below the knee, Farkas slashed with all his might and almost severed the appendage, staggering the chimera. He quickly rolled to his side as it roared, spraying blood. Piri leapt forward and snap-kicked the chimera’s back, bouncing it off the wall and onto the foor where Farkas, like an executioner, removed its head with an overhead strike.**

**Dal leaned her head back against the cabinet as Farkas and Piri rushed over. Piri offered a quick prayer to Gara in a language Dal didn’t understand while Farkas checked on her.**

**“Are you alright?” he asked.**

**“Bruised, but functional. Farkas, what happened?” “I don’t know. Somehow, the Enemy breached our security and defenses. There are bodies everywhere. As far as I know, you, Piri, and I are the only ones alive. Have you seen anyone else?”**

**Dal groaned as she rose to her feet. “Last saw Anatoli in my lab, he was watching things while I came here.” Piri looked over at the counter, saw the ruined coffee and sighed.**

**But Farkas kept his focus. “Dal, can you remotely access the security systems or get a message out?”**

**“One second,” Del said, closing her eyes and accessing her cranial cyberdeck. “Frag. There’s active jamming, so no incoming or outgoing signals.”**

**“I fgured. My smartlink was out as well,” Farkas replied.**

**“Wait … my lab, I can use my standalone terminals to bypass the jamming and use the fber-optic backups to establish a direct connection to the system like oldschool deckers did. That’s** _**if**_ **they haven’t physically disabled it,” Del said.**

**Farkas grunted. “All right. Armory is on the way; we quickly re-arm then stop for nothing until we get to the lab. Hopefully, Anatoli has secured it, but we must assume he’s dead. Our priority is denying the Enemy the information in the lab. If we can’t retake the compound, we destroy it** _**and**_ **the data—at all costs. Understood?”**

**Dal and Piri nodded. Their datafles contained everything they knew about the Disians but also contained information on other Grey Cell operations in Eastern Europe. It wasn’t just their lives at stake.**

**Methodically, they traversed the compound, avoiding other chimera and fnding bodies of friend and foe alike; gore painted the walls in macabre patterns of mostly metahuman red, but some chimera purple. They found Gara’s light machine gun, broken barrel planted frmly into a chimera’s eye, but its brains splattered on the wall. Likewise, another had been cut completely in half, the remains laying atop a pile of spent brass casings and ammo belt links.**

**At least they knew the merc had gone down fghting. Still, she wondered how the enemy had bypassed the compound’s security so easily.**

**They eventually reached the armory, and within two minutes everyone had geared up. Farkas chose his tactical vest, his backup AK, another Onotari heavy pistol, and several clips of ammo for both. Piri likewise donned armor along with her heavy pistol, bandoleer of throwing blades, collapsible spear, and a short sword that radiated mystical energy. Dal took her Scorpion machine pistol and grabbed her tech bag flled with assorted goodies, including a short-range microtransceiver.**

**“Hopefully he didn’t turn off the one in the lab,” Dal said as she keyed the transceiver. “Dal to Anatoli, are you there?”**

**Thirty seconds later, Anatoli’s static-laced voice replied. “I am, what’s going on? The terminals went blank, and intruders tried to take the room. I … took a shot to the gut but still secured the lab. Where are you? Did you fnd anyone else?”**

**Dal looked at Farkas, who nodded. “Yeah, Farkas and Piri. Hang tight, we’re on our way. But if we’re not there in two minutes, initiate Fireball Protocols.”**

**“Copy that.” Anatoli replied.**

**Dal felt uneasy. She could tell just by his body language that Farkas was feeling the same, but she trusted enough to follow his lead. Either way, they needed to reach her lab.**

**When they arrived, Farkas and Piri took up positions on either side of the door, Dal behind Farkas. Keying up the transceiver, Dal called, “We’re here, open up.”**

**As the reinforced door opened, Farkas and Piri pointed their frearms inward, using the door’s edges to provide some cover. Inside Anatoli stood, propped up against one of the terminals, pistol in one hand, his hand over a dark red spot in his abdomen. He lowered his pistol and appeared to be shaking, but he waved for them**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**to enter. With precise movements, the trio complied, weapons up, just in case.**

**As soon as Dal came in behind Farkas and Piri, the door suddenly slid shut and the world exploded in a fash of bright light as a spell went off.**

**Lying on the foor, eyes ringing and vision blurred, Dal rolled onto her side just in time to see Anatoli (now suspiciously missing his gut wound) take her pistol and double-tap Piri in the head. Dal tried to cry out, but her mouth wouldn’t work and her voice never materialized, even though tears formed in her eyes. Near the door, another chimera held Farkas while still another repeatedly slammed its fsts into his abdomen.**

**To his credit, Farkas didn’t react; he defantly stared right into the chimera’s eyes.**

**“Careful!” Anatoli bellowed at the two creatures. “Our deal was to keep him alive. I will be the one to kill him, but not until after he has suffered.”**

**“Part of that deal was also to secure the information stolen from us and about others working against us. Which I will remind you, Anatoli Ivanovich, has yet to be provided.”**

**Anatoli turned to face the speaker and Dal followed his gaze.**

**She was a human, or maybe an elf with small ears. Her midnight hair was tight in a braided ponytail, her skin pale, her features sharp and cold, yet strangely beautiful. She wore synthleather pants and a ftted vest that prominently displayed a crystal embedded in her sternum that matched the color of her eyes. Dal had seen the reports about the Faustians, metahumans who’d given themselves over to the Disians, but … seeing one in person now flled her with terror.**

**“All in good time. These were the ones we needed. This one,” he said, pointing at Dal, “can access the system and retrieve all the information you require.”**

**Dal tried to say “Frag you,” but it came out as an inaudible croak.**

**“She seems uncooperative,” the Faustian remarked.**

**“Not for long. Because if she doesn’t,” he said, looking into her eyes, “I will make sure your death is painless compared to what** _**they**_ **will do to you.”**

**“** _**Fattyú**_ **,” Farkas said, blood dribbling from his mouth. “Why do you betray us?”**

**Anatoli whirled on Farkas “Why? Because of you. Because of your incompetence, your** _**cause**_ **, I lost** _**everything.**_ **I trusted you. But** _**they**_ **,” he said as he pointed at the Faustian, “will return it all to me! I will be whole again and more powerful than ever before.”**

**“Deals with devils are not to be trusted. Don’t you remember what they’ve done?” Farkas growled.**

**“I don’t care. All I want is to see you suf—” Anatoli began to say when the Faustian cut in.**

**“Enough of your prattling and posturing. Get to the task at hand. My Master grows impatient.”**

**Farkas started laughing, the Faustian frowned, and Anatoli looked confused.**

**“Don’t worry, it will all be over soon. Dal, are you in?” Dal’s voice echoed throughout the room via cyberterminal speakers.**

**“Yep. Just as I hoped, the jammer doesn’t penetrate inside my lab.”**

**In horror, Anatoli looked back at Dal, who was lying on the ground, her eyes in the back of her head as she remote-accessed the systems in the room with her cranial cyberdeck, including the security systems. Four AA-16 assault shotguns deployed from hidden turrets on the ceiling. The frst two turned Anatoli and the Faustian into bloody chunks within seconds. The chimera that had targeted Farkas met the same fate when the third and fourth shotguns emptied their drum magazines into it.**

**Not wasting a moment, Farkas pushed back with all his might, slamming the chimera into the wall. It was enough to force the monster to release him. He quickly rolled out of the way as the frst two shotguns emptied the remnants of their magazines into the last chimera. As it lay bleeding on the foor, Farkas pulled out his pistol and fnished the job.**

**Dal’s eyes blinked open, and she scrambled for the main terminal, quickly accessing the main data fles and security system. With manic glee, she deployed all remote weapons, turning the compound into a shooting gallery. But the sentry guns quickly went dry. Still, the chimeras kept coming … and were heading right for the lab. And then she saw another Faustian enter the compound.**

**“Status?” Farkas asked, hunched over, puking blood. “All sentry guns are empty; all other defenses are expended. And they’re still coming. All exit routes are blocked,” Dal said, slumping into her chair as Farkas stood up straight. Dal turned to go to him, but he held his hand up.**

**“Initiate Fireball Protocol. I’ll give you as much time as I can,” he said looking into her eyes. “I am sorry.”**

**She nodded. “Get going, we have work to do.”**

**Farkas then took up his and Piri’s weapons and headed out the door. As it closed behind him, Dal activated several heavy locks. Still, she knew the door would only last so long and got about her work. With a mental command, all terminals began purging all data fles. As the fles deleted, she opened several small crates and removed satchel charges, attaching some directly to the terminals.**

**Slumping into her chair, she put on her lucky hat and reached into her desk. Pulling out another box she removed a cigarette flled with the fnest recreational pharmaceuticals Budapest had to offer along with a twenty-year-old bottle of Egri Bikaver. Outside the door, she heard Farkas’ war cry mixed with the sounds of gunfre. Then, all went quiet.**

**Something began tearing the door open, but she paid it no mind as she downed a quarter of the wine in one gulp and took a long drag on her special cigarette. Her mind was already starting to foat, and the wine’s exquisite taste still lingered on her tongue, but she had enough mind to pick up the detonator. As the fle purge completed, the door was wrenched off and chimera started to rush in.**

**But they were too late; her job was done.**


**==> picture [103 x 471] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 438] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
just how<br>fragged up<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [386 x 59] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
things are<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
