---
id: SP-0320
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: by Clifton Lambert
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## by Clifton Lambert

“Trouble?”

Chiron approached the entrance to the MCT facility, trying very hard to appear as if he belonged there by projecting an air of alert nonchalance. Two guards in heavy combat armor held assault rifl es at the ready; the fact that they weren’t pointing the weapons at his team was a good sign.

“Nothing serious. Had to sit tight for a bit and take an alternate route, but the shipment is secure.”

Chiron willed himself to not start sweating as the rest of his team—Jerome, Tellen, and Shine, all wearing matching full body armor taken from the MCT soldiers that had been guarding the original shipment—stood at attention around a heavy cargo drone with an even heavier reinforced container. Intercepting the shipment had been tricky, but overall it went smoothly. But if the comms hadn’t been jammed thoroughly enough to prevent an alert from going out, things were going to get very messy here.

The Disian Harvesting operation was expecting a delivery, but if they discovered the actual delivery had been intercepted and replaced, this was going to be a very brief mission. This location was a highly secure Zero Zone where intruders, such as Chiron and his team, would be eliminated with extreme prejudice if identifi ed as a threat.

Seconds passed, and Chiron opened his mouth to ask the guards if they were going to delay them any further. He was cut off, though, as the door slid open. He waved his team forward, and their cargo drone with attached container (that originally held components for the Disian Harvesters) began to walk forward, fl anked by the three shadowrunners. Chiron stepped forward to lead the way, but the door guard put a hand on his shoulder.

One of the guards held up a hand as a turret mounted above the entryway trained on the team. They paused as Chiron stepped forward.

“Delivery 417” Chiron spoke as he transmitted the digital codes that would grant him access.

“You’re late,” the guard said, his voice coming from the speakers mounted on the exterior of his


**==> picture [239 x 251] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 251] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [409 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [70 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

Less than fi fty meters from the ground, thrusters swiveled down and blasted at full force. The deceleration wasn’t strong enough for a graceful landing, and the Banshee slammed hard into the concrete and slid to a halt. Hatches swung open, and Moreau’s team released their drop harnesses.

“Hold up. Your codes check out, but I don’t recognize you. I’m calling in for a secondary biometric confi rmation.”

Chiron tried to appear relaxed as he said “Whatever, but make it quick. We’re already behind schedule.” At the same time, he sent out an encrypted message to the other team that was hopefully in position by now.

“We’re down!” Val called from her cockpit. “Get out of my bird so I can get her moving again. We’re sitting ducks out here!”

“ _Moreau, we could really use that distraction right about now.”_

The grounded Banshee shook as it took fi re from a nearby turret, then it ripped off a burst from its own forward turret in reply. Sparks, chunks of debris, and a small explosion marked the destruction of the offending emplacement.

“Time to go!” Moreau yelled toward Val, who was sealed and jacked into the rigger cocoon in the Banshee’s cockpit. The vectored thrust aircraft that had been circling near the MCT facility had used its sophisticated stealth systems to avoid detection, but now it quickly cast off its charade and dove toward the ground, gravity and thrusters combined as it surged toward the earth below.

Hammerhead was the fi rst to exit, an RPK heavy machine gun that looked like an assault rifl e in the troll juggernaut’s hands. Wisp, a wiry human adept, and Feather-of-Sun, a regal-looking elven shaman, exited right behind him. Inside, Lizzie, an ork combat mage in full body armor, was helping another elf who was stuck in his drop harness. Known as Shade, he was the team’s combat decker, and he was a bit shaken up. Enough that he was having trouble with the release mechanism.

“Brace yourselves for a hard drop!” The rigger’s voice cut through the noise, amplifi ed over the vehicle’s internal speakers. The sudden descent should be quick enough to avoid fi re from the anti-aircraft weapons, but it would also mean their landing would be more akin to a crash.

“It’s jammed!” He followed up with a few choice curses in Sperethiel.



**“Frag that. Hold still,” she spat out and began to concentrate on a spell. “Very still.”**

**A stream of acid sprayed from Lizzie’s palm and struck the center of the harness, melting it apart. She grabbed his shoulder with her other hand and pulled the elf to his feet.**

**“Thanks, love,” he said with a sheepish tone, peeling the melted straps off the front of his body armor. She chuckled and turned toward the open hatch, a glowing feld of magical armor forming around her as she stepped out into the frefght. Shade stumbled to his feet, grabbed an assault rife from a nearby rack, and ran to catch up to the rest of the team.**

**Moreau checked the tactical readout displayed on his image link as he released his dogs—two hellhounds and a heavily cybered pit bull. Hammerhead was already out, laying down suppressive fre at a group of guards stationed just outside the facility’s front door. Some dove for cover while the rest fell back inside, accompanied by a heavy cargo drone. The cargo drone and its retinue were fagged as allies—the infltration team—and they barely avoided getting hit by Hammerhead’s fusillade of high-caliber lead.**

**“Don’t hit our other team!” Moreau barked.**

**“I can’t make it look like I’m trying to avoid ‘em. Don’t tell me how to do my job!” Hammerhead replied.**

_**Shadowrunners**_ **, Moreau thought with a curse. Oh, well. Most of the infltration team were all wearing MCT combat armor, and it wasn’t likely that the cargo would be damaged by a stray bullet.**

**With no cover outside of the Banshee, Feather-of-Sun conjured a bright glowing magical barrier. The Salish elf’s expression was detached as he sustained the spell and gave commands to spirits unseen.**

**As Moreau and his dogs exited the Banshee, he sent Val a quick message, clearing her for takeoff. The Banshee rose a few meters off the ground, rotated 180 degrees, and surged away. Flying barely above nap-of-the-earth to avoid the anti-aircraft emplacements, Val was soon out of sight. It would have been nice to add the t-bird’s frepower to the attack, but Moreau wouldn’t risk their only evac method.**

**Stoker and Shelley—Moreau’s dual-natured hellhounds—began to growl and bark, a trained response to detecting astral threats. He turned to Feather-of-Sun and queried “Astral security?”**

**“My spirits are engaging elementals guarding this place. We have astral superiority, for now.”**

**“Drones incoming!” Hammerhead yelled as he slapped a fresh clip into his RPK. The distinctive buzz of numerous roto-drones flled the air, their rotors working hard to carry the heavy weapons currently attached.**

**“I’m on it!” Shade answered. “Cocky bastards**

**aren’t even running silent.” Shade could see them as batches of Matrix icons, all proudly proclaiming that they were the property of MCT. He held out his left hand, and in the virtual space of the Matrix a stream of dark energy streaked out and forked into two separate blasts. The icons they hit suddenly blipped out. There were still more than a dozen left, so Shade called up his agent program, a serious-looking fgure wearing sunglasses, a black suit, and a tie.**

**“Smith, give me a hand with these things!” he bellowed.**

**The malevolent software nodded coldly, and together the pair of them eliminated four drones in short order. In a matter of seconds, all but four hostile drones were destroyed, their physically intact bodies dropping from the sky trailing smoke from burned-out internal electronics.**

**The remaining four drones were armed with grenade launchers, which pelted the team’s position. Hammerhead was thrown off his feet, the only one not huddled under Feather-of-Sun’s barrier—which collapsed under the explosions.**

**A streak of fame rose from the ground, originating from Lizzie’s outstretched palms. As it reached the center of the drone formation, it expanded into a massive freball. Blackened drone parts rained from the sky as Hammerhead rolled to a prone fring position and picked off the frst of a pair of guards who stupidly stepped out of the facility. Wisp ran forward to engage the second guard, striking with a glowing fst that cracked the heavy combat armor and sent him back through the doorway.**

**Hammerhead let out a victorious whoop as he got back to his feet. “Haven’t had this much fun in ages!” he laughed as he reloaded.**

**Suddenly a fash of bright blue light burst out from the door. Only Wisp was in the blast radius, and he crumpled in place. On Moreau’s tactical readout, Wisp’s bio-monitor instantly shifted from green to fashing red. A fresh wave of MCT soldiers exited the facility and focused their fre on Hammerhead. Lizzie sent a spray of greenish-grey acid at them that spread out into a large wave as it rolled over them, then staggered to her knees from the strain of too much casting. The targets took severe injuries, but instead of screaming and dropping, they dropped their half-melted frearms and ran toward the team with blades too large to be cyberspurs emerging from each arm. Behind them someone—or some** _**thing**_ **—stepped out through the doorway, a glowing blue crystal embedded in its chest.**

**“Faustian!” Moreau growled. He gestured, pointing toward the new threat, and his dogs charged.**

**“I think we’ve caused enough of a distraction,” said Feather-of-Sun. “Perhaps now is the time to withdraw!”**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**There was no time, however. The chimeras were upon them.**

**Suddenly, the guards didn’t have any time to waste on additional security protocols. Quickly, they dove toward nearby defensive positions to return fre. But before they could, the guards were cut down by 50-caliber rounds fred from the outside troll’s machine gun.**

**Chiron ducked inside the doorway just ahead of the spray of bullets. Jerome put up a physical barrier, which pulsed brightly as bullets slammed against it. Tellen and Shine got the cargo drone moving. Chiron pressed his hand to the door’s interior control panel, establishing a direct connection to the device. Hacking the host here would have been nearly impossible, but hacking the door directly wouldn’t be a problem. Hoping the brute force hack would be ignored in the chaos—or at least attributed to the distraction team instead of Chiron—he took control and forced the door to close and lock just as the last of his team entered the facility. It wouldn’t hold for long, but it wouldn’t have to.**

**“That was one hell of a distraction,” Tellen said over their secure comm channel. Shine nodded with appreciation, but Jerome looked annoyed.**

**“It would have been nice if they hadn’t shot at us, too. I barely got the barrier up in time.”**

**“Be glad it worked,” Chiron replied. “Let’s get moving. We’ve got a delivery to make.”**

**A squad of six soldiers came running toward their direction, and Chiron waved them on.**

**“Security breach out front!” he called out to them. They were so focused on joining the fght outside, they didn’t spare a glance at the runner team as they passed.**

**“Should I slow them down?” Jerome asked over comms. “A couple of fre spirits should do the trick.”**

**“Do it,” Chiron ordered. Two burning forms materialized between the squad and the exit. Chiron and his team continued deeper into the facility as the one of the soldiers screamed, and the others opened fre.**

**Alarms blared as the team turned a corner and continued toward their objective.**

**“Damn, spirits are down already,” Jerome reported.**

**“Must have a mage on the squad.” Shine added. “You bought them a few seconds, at least,” Chiron said. “Every little bit helps. Now let’s make our delivery.”**

**“This is the place,” Tellen said as the team approached a reinforced set of blast doors. “We going to knock?”**

**“I’ll take care of that,” Chiron said as he placed his hand on the console next to the door. A moment later, it began to slide open.**

**The chamber inside was like something out of a nightmare or a horror movie. Strange machinery was wired together via many large conduits, some of it resembling twisted bone-like formations, some appearing to be metahuman-sized capsules. Bent over a ring in the center of the room were four foating forms, each over two meters tall. Their skin was a pallid smooth grey, their eyes large black pools as they turned as one to Chiron.**

**Chiron felt them reach for his mind somehow, and he tried to close them out. They pushed past his feeble attempt and read his thoughts. Chiron blacked out as his partner took over.**

**Chiron turned to his team and said “We’re made. Push the crate in and step back.” His voice was cold, detached, and spoke with a distinctly changed accent. Behind him, the Disians rose as one and began to glow with a bright blue energy. Their emotions were usually unreadable, but now they were visibly agitated. Something had made them angry, or perhaps even afraid.**

**“Chiron, are you okay?” Jerome asked hesitantly.**

**“Chiron’s not here right now. He was compromised by a mental intrusion. I’m in control now. Now move, or we will all die here.” The voice coming from Chiron was devoid of emotion but spoke clearly and quickly.**

**“They’re a monad,” Shine said as Tellen helped push the cargo drone further into the room. Jerome began to focus and cast a spell, but he suddenly screamed and dropped to the ground as a wave of blue light washed over him.**

**Chiron placed his hand on the crate, and there was a popping sound and a hiss of releasing air pressure. The four Disians turned their attention back to him, beginning to glow with bright blue energy again.**

**“What are you?” they spoke as one, voices that came from no mouths.**

**A sudden roar from inside the crate interrupted the interrogation. The creature inside the crate emerged as a blur of motion as it leapt at the frst Disian. It was a troll made of metal—arms, legs, and torso replaced with bulky cybernetics bristling with weapons and reinforced armor. Only part of the head revealed that this body was once a metahuman, and most of that had been heavily modifed as well. This creature had been implanted with far more cybernetics than a metahuman body could survive; without cybermancy, that is.**

**The frst Disian was torn apart by the cyberzombie before the others could react. They turned and focused their strange blue energy, sending bright waves of it against this new threat, but the light dimmed and died out as it neared their target. It leapt at the next one, shredding it with metallic claws. The remaining two Disians moved to back away, but they were not moving fast enough to escape.**



**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**called out as he sent Val a message to come pick them up. Suddenly he was engulfed in blue light, and the Faustian subsumed his will. He felt himself raise his revolver and point it as his own dogs. He screamed inside but could not resist.**

**Chiron ran back to the team. Tellen had just slapped a trauma patch on Jerome, and Shine was picking up the unconscious mage as carefully as he could.**

**“Let’s get out of here,” Chiron said without infection.**

**Before he could fre, the blue light dissipated suddenly, and the Faustian screamed. A shattering sound cut through the din of combat as the crystal in its chest exploded into splinters. The Faustian fell to the ground.**

**Tellen gestured back toward the cyberzombie as it fell upon the last of the Disians. “Since when does Evo employ cyberzombies?”**

**“I wouldn’t call it employment, and I’m not sure of what it will do when it is fnished destroying this chamber. Best if we’re not here when that happens.”**

**The last chimera lurched at Shade, and he barely dodged its bloody blades. Lizzie turned her attention its way, unleashing a torrent of magical acid that melted its torso into sludge. She collapsed unconscious to the ground, overcome by drain.**

**Shine shook his head as they ran down out into the corridor. “Fire and forget, huh?”**

**Shade moved toward her, stim patch already in his hand. Bosco began barking at the entrance to the facility. Feather-of-Sun stood wearily, helping Wisp back to his feet after fnishing a healing spell. Stoker and Shelley stood together, injured but still very dangerous. Moreau holstered his revolver, not trusting himself with it in his hand after what had just happened. He drew his Ares Predator instead and prepared for the next wave of MCT soldiers, drones, or chimeras. It would only be a few seconds before their ride was here, but it still might be too long. Together, what remained of the team prepared to face what would come next.**

**Shelley let out a sharp bark of pain as she was tossed to the ground. The chimera raised its bladed arm to fnish her off but was suddenly pulled to the ground by Bosco’s steel jaws. The cyber pitbull bit down and shook his head, tearing the leg messily off. The chimera turned to slash at the dog but was engulfed in fames from Stoker. It writhed as if it would shake this off, but Shelley limped and turned to add her fre to the attack.**

**Lizzie was doing her best to take down the Faustian, fring one spell after another, but every one of them fzzled into harmlessness before they reached their target. The only effect they had was to give Feather-of-Sun a moment to pull Wisp back using a levitation spell.**

**Moreau stared as his tactical readout displayed the icons of the infltration team.**

**“Hold your fre!” he called out as Chiron, Tellen, and Shine (with Jerome slung over his shoulder) exited the facility. Behind Moreau, Val piloted the Banshee in reverse and opened the personnel hatches.**

**Two of the other chimeras were down, but the last of them got close and decapitated Hammerhead with a scissoring blow from both arm-blades. Shade let out a scream and emptied his clip into the thing, which staggered but did not go down.**

**Tellen raised a hand and stuck out his thumb as if he were a hitchhiker. Moreau barked a laugh and nodded toward the Banshee.**

**“Fall back and prepare for evac!” Moreau**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> <br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
BLAST<br>RADIUS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**with other tidbits to get the bigger picture. One such picture, made of a half dozen tidbits, pointed to something happening** within the vital house of cards that is global maritime trade. Thankfully, this is something Bubbles was more than happy to take on for us. This is what she found out.

**> Sometimes, you can’t help but be caught up in things no matter how hard you try to avoid them. In trying to get as much data** as possible, a lot of other data regarding things not directly involving the current Disian Shadow War (think I need to trademark that) has come to light. Some of it has nothing to do with the Dis, some of it has tentative connections at best. But regardless, we need to pay attention, because if we survive this, we’ll need to deal with some of this drek soon enough.

**>** Bull

A few months ago, Bull shot me a message and asked if I knew anything about cargo ships going missing. Now, that’s like asking a mage if they knew anything of magic; it was perhaps one of the vaguest queries I’ve ever been approached with (and I’ve worked for super-rich trust fund drekwits). It took a few days for me to catch Bull in a live chat, but once he explained the specs and why he was asking, I was intrigued.

**>** Slamm-0!
