---
id: SP-0133
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Horizon - Posted by: Cosmo'
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Horizon**

## **Posted by: Cosmo**

**Horizon has encountered the thing they hate the most: a group that cannot be spun. Dis has been**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**doing all the spinning so far, concealing their motives behind their partnerships with the corps so that no one would know what they are up to. Now that the various masks are falling away, it’s becoming increasingly clear that through this entire process—from the very frst contact of Dis with our plane—they have steadfastly pursued their goal. That indicates their tenaciousness to their cause and shows they are unlikely to be talked out of it. No matter how hard Horizon might try.**

**It doesn’t help that Horizon’s reputation with spirits has been in the drekker for a long time. We’ve heard a lot of information about what happened in Denver and the unholy crossing of spirits and technology, but a lot of that work was based on Horizon’s hidden experiments torturing spirits. Some of us might have forgotten, but I can guarantee you the spirits have not. So Dis is not going to listen to any pitch Horizon has for them.**

**What, then, does Horizon do when they can’t use their most powerful weapon? Aim it somewhere else, naturally. If they’re not going to convince Dis of anything, they can convince others to get to the outcome they want.**

**Broadly speaking, the outcome they want is to stop Dis, but the particulars are where things really get interesting. Horizon might not be suited to leading any part of the ongoing work, but they can help the people who are going to lead get in the right position and fnd the correct allies. They have a lot of initiatives they want to support, and they’re looking for the right people to convince about why this work needs to be done and why they need to be part of the coalition that does it. Here are some of the things they’re working on.**
