---
id: SP-0022
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: \<<\<Sysop 02 removed 11.1 Mp of data>>>
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<\<Sysop 02 removed 11.1 Mp of data>>>**

- **Keep it together people, no time to tangent (or fanboy/girl).**

- **> Bull**

- **No disrespect, while this is good data to have, and I’m sure it came with a cost, but what good does that do us now? Don’t we just need to find and kill these fraggers before they finish their fiendish plan and call it a day?**

- **Flash-Banger**

- **To cure a cancer, you need to get ALL of it. Otherwise, it comes back.**

- **Butch**

- **Because this information is also considered a carrot. And I know that several of you on this VPN (and beyond) will have an almost addict’s compulsion to track down more data, which we desperately need.**

- **Ringmaster**

- **… I should feel insulted, but frag him, he’s right.**

- **> Icarus**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Yeah.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Guilty.**

- **Pistons**

- **I feel called out.**

- **Elijah**

- **Ditto, but I don’t care.**

- **Sam-R-Eye**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- ***snickers* Nope, have no idea what you’re talking about.**

- **Orbital DK**

- **Why stop now?**

- **Elijah**

- **That’s a grade-A dick move, Ringmaster. But I agree and approve.**

- **Haze**

- **Also, we desperately need data on the artificers. Specifically, how the chimera are created, because they’re becoming more common on the frontlines and the streets.**

- **Rifleman**

**One specifc Disian we have a signifcant amount of data on is the Auditor . This Disian has been the primary focus of Dr. Hanna Pierce/Stiletto’s feld investigations for almost two years now, and until recently was the only source of physical data we had on Disians and their physiology.**

**A combination of operations commander and liaison between the material plane and the Highest Council, the Auditor is responsible for coordinating all initiatives and projects on the material plane and making sure everyone plays nice and stays on schedule. Those who fail are either forced to pay a penance or are simply removed for their failures.**

**Although he works in typical Disian fashion through intermediaries and proxies, there have been situations where the Auditor has acted directly. In these instances, he’s displayed powers possible only for those of extremely high initiate rank, using magical force with alarming ease and no apparent signs of fatigue. He’s also tactically and strategically savvy.**

**On the material plane, the Auditor is the most dangerous Disian we currently face.**

- **Looks like I just got my primary target.**

- **Bangswitch**

- **Good luck finding him. But even if you manage that minor miracle, be sure to let someone know where you want what’s left of your body to be buried.**

- **Thorn**

- **By the way … do we happen to know Dr. Pierce’s status?**

- **Elijah**

- **She went dark as the attacks commenced. I’m sorry, but I have nothing else.**

- **Ringmaster**
