---
id: SP-0356
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'An Overview of Disian Magic - Posted by: Dr. Grey'
page: 170
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **An Overview of Disian Magic**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Posted by: Dr. Grey**

**The native Disians lost their natural magic long ago but developed the ability to draw on ambient or undifferentiated mana. By this, I mean mana that isn’t attached to a living entity. For lack of a better term, I will simply be describing these volumes of mana as “units.” In addition to powering spells, Disians are able to increase the effects**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [35 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**



**and damage of these spells, offset drain, duplicate adept abilities, and create other strange powers. Stored mana is also used with enchanting to create the wide variety of tools used by the Disians, this includes both the living and non-living varieties of tools.**

**Besides the native Disians, the only other group that has access to stored mana are Faustian mages. They can access units of mana with the Faustian crystal standing in for an internal mana pool.**

**For Disian sorcery the amount of mana, or units, channeled into a spell takes the place of a metahuman’s natural magic. Units can also be used to increase the power or area of the spell, reduce the drain, or sustain a spell. Beyond using stored mana, another primary difference is that Disian magic can only affect living targets or produce mana-based effects; it has no effect on technology. Even living targets with low Essence are extremely resistant to Disian magical effects.**

**It’s worth noting that Disians are unable to conjure spirits on the material plane—perhaps because the reputation of Dis is widespread and spirits will actively oppose being summoned by them. Instead, they use ritual magic, termed “contracting” by Disians, to both summon and bind spirits. But this can only be done on their home plane.**

**Ritual magic also creates the large metaplanar gateways used by the Disians. While metahumans can manage a similar ritual with extreme diffculty, the resulting gateways are rarely larger than two meters across. Disian ritual magic created the Dutchville, Pennsylvania, gateway that was over a kilometer in diameter and swallowed the UCAS Army III Corps.**

- **Could a Disian ritual gateway be responsible for the Lava A site in Auvergne? That place literally disappeared overnight in early October 2082. Some people reported seeing strange lights, and there are rumors about some firefights happening nearby at the same time. Whatever happened that night caused the entire facility and its immediate surroundings to disappear sometime before dawn. All that was left the next morning was an unnaturally smooth crater, as if someone just scooped the place out the ground. Scary drek.**

- **Sim-Eon**

- **I’m personally unaware of what happened there, so I would suggest that you investigate the above mentioned Dutchville site and the III Corps disappearance for similarities. That may provide some insight.**

- **Dr. Grey**

**Disian enchanting is used to create a wide variety of tools, and these devices have many different styles of construction. The process used to create some of their devices appears to be similar to traditional enchanting, while for other items the method of their construction can’t even be guessed**

**at. The memory crystals and mana storage devices fall into the unknown category and appear to be some form of condensed, crystallized aether.**

**Other Disian devices seem to be made with familiar enchanting methods, and these types of device are the ones copied by metahuman researchers. Most of these draw life energy from other entities—typically Awakened metahumans—and convert the life energy into some type of effect, such as a metaplanar portal. Copies of these include a new generation of hybrid devices blending Disian Enchanting with Sixth World science. The prototype mana transfer devices tested by MCT in Denver and the metaplanar weapons created by Ares for Damien Knight are in this class.**

**The last branch of Disian enchanting is primarily alchemical in nature. Used with devices like the bio-vats used to grow their physical shells. The methods for creating chimeras are also heavily reliant on alchemical processes.**
