---
id: SP-0244
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Note For Gamemasters
page: 116
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Note For Gamemasters**

**hasn’t covered his tracks, and determined or even** cur **i** ous runners can even **t** ua **ll** y **di** scover **thi** s.

**Th** e **f** o **ll** ow **i** ng c **h** ap **t** er presen **t** s severa **l** m **i** n **i** m **i** s- sions that are connected to the Dis plotline. These mission briefs are meant to be plugged into any campaign in any location. Most of the locations, dates, and times for these missions are purposely kept vague, unless specifi cally noted. Gamemasters are encouraged to change whatever details are necessary in order to fi t these missions into their campaigns. Additionally, these missions can be played separately or together as a campaign. On average, player characters should earn one to four Karma per mission.

For this mission, Aztechnology is acting as a Disian proxy because Evo has been developing (read: stole) data on advanced cybermantic techniques to produce cyberzombies as a potent countermeasure to Disian operations. Evo doesn’t want this project to become public, but then neither does Aztechnology, because they developed the plans and methods used to create the cyberzombies in the fi rst place. If this became public knowledge, it would be a PR nightmare for both megacorporations. The player characters need to operate with discretion, but otherwise have a free hand in the methods they choose to dismantle the Evo operation—and destroy any cyberzombies that are at the site.
