---
id: SP-0095
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Trying to Play Well with Others
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Trying to Play Well with Others**

**Despite Grey Cell’s losses, there has been some good news. First, most of their research and intelligence apparatus fared better than their paramilitary counterparts and survived mostly intact, even if most of the survivors are currently in hiding. Second, Renraku and Evo offcially joined the fght against the Disians, throwing in their own tactical and logistical support, thereby taking some of the burden off Grey Cell’s shoulders. But even with those bits of luck, not everything has gone quite as smoothly as can be expected, causing Grey Cell commanders and in a few cases Ringmaster himself to step in to defuse situations.**

**Renraku has their own views on how the fght against the Disians should progress and are convinced** _**they**_ **should be the ones leading the charge from here on out. That went down as well as one might guess, with a lot of Grey Cell and affliated units basically telling the Renraku military and the Red Samurai to get bent.**

- **That’s ballsy. I’m surprised that didn’t start another front in this war.**

- **Cayman**

- **When you’ve fought this long and hard, you stop giving a frag and say what needs to be said.**

- **Scattershot**

**While these issues have been dealt with on a regional level thanks to the cooler heads (and stowed egos) of local unit commanders, overall Renraku seems content to just go at it alone, to be the slashing katana where Grey Cell’s spear failed.**

**Meanwhile Evo is proving to be a bit more problematic than anticipated. Aside from the crazy technology they’re bringing to the feld, Evo’s forces are unusual, to say the least. Metasapients in warfare aren’t anything new, but it’s been reported that fnding operations where Evo’s forces can contribute without calling too much attention to themselves or causing too many issues has been a challenge.**

- **And like people aren’t going to recognize the Red Samurai. And what do you mean by “issues?” Please, your racism is showing.**

- **> Ecotope**

- **Get over yourself, it’s not racism, it’s logistics and operational security. A large part of Grey Cell’s success thus far is their ability to effectively disappear once the operation is done, to blend back into society. Metasapients are easier to identify, which makes them targets, just like we saw during the Week of Death. Not to mention, have you ever seen a centaur or sasquatch try and fit in a t-bird or APC? And what about a naga’s special needs? And don’t get me started if you have a SURGEd trooper. Need I go on, or is my point sufficiently made?**

- **> Picador**

- **You are correct. That is why we of the Iron Cavalry were hired by Evo and put at the disposal of Grey Cell the moment our contract with Saeder-Krupp expired. Our primary mission is to assist with the integration efforts, make the most of our unique abilities, and assist those chimeras whose minds have been liberated from Disian servitude to find new purpose … as well as some justice.**

- **Iron Horse**

- **Well, frag me. Just a few days ago I was fighting those things, now I could be fighting alongside them. This drek just keeps getting weirder. But frag it, welcome to the party!**

- **Shockwave**

**One bright spot for Grey Cell in all this is their partnership with Transys-Neuronet . From what I’ve been able to gather, this alliance (friendship?) goes back before Grey Cell was formed as a sort of “dragon helps dragon” thing between T-N’s CEO Celedyr and Arleesh. All data points to Transys being the primary provider of signal and analysis work**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**during those early days, and it was instrumental in discovering the existence of the Dis, not to mention uncovering the depths of their infltration.**

**But so far, Transys’ biggest contribution to the cause has been their work on learning and deciphering the Disian language, which the opposition has been using for their most sensitive data. There’s little information out there indicating how far along Transys is on that front, which is a testament to their security protocols. But over the past year Transys has recruited or otherwise obtained the services of some of the best cryptographers and cryptanalysts in the feld.**

- **Aside from his company, Celedyr’s Knights of Rage have also been active in the UK, working with other groups to make life extremely difficult for Disian sellouts.**

- **Chainmaker**

- **Okay, so no data on how far along Transys is? We got Celedyr right here! Why not just, you know, ask him?**

- **Treadle**

- **I respect and applaud your straightforwardness. But as the good colonel alluded to, part of our success in keeping our secrets safe is not broadcasting everything we know, even here. No disrespect to this fine VPN, but one of the Disians’ greatest weapons in this fight is their ability to turn people against their allies. At this critical juncture, the less you know, the better. But I will say that work is ongoing, and as soon as we have something actionable, it will be used to full effect.**

- **Script Diver**
