---
id: SP-0219
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Lisbon, Portugal - Status: Contested'
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Lisbon, Portugal**

## **Status: Contested**

**Current home of the International Mercenary Association, Lisbon has been at the center of controversy ever since the recent problems with mercenary contracts came to light. Since then, more and more mercs and units have traveled there, seeking some kind of resolution with the governing body and the Corporate Court.**

**Of course, with this many irritated (and highly trained and armed) mercs in one spot, it’s no surprise that tensions began to run high and that someone did something stupid. Only fve days ago, something bad happened. Like all riots, it started small, with a few disgruntled individuals protesting outside of the IMA main offce. And for a while it was surprisingly peaceful. Then someone fred a rocket-propelled grenade at the building, and all hell broke loose.**

**Local security forces came down on the mercs quickly and thoroughly, not even bothering to use**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**less-than-lethal methods and instead went right to machine gun fre to deal with the so-called rioters. Those who weren’t dead were taken into custody, those who fed now have warrants (and bounties) on their heads, forcing them to go underground. Now the IMA has put a hold on all pending litigation regarding mercenary contracts, citing security concerns.**

- **Can you say, “setup”? This was complete bulldrek. I had chummers there, and they were peaceful. Then a bunch of nonames and faces no one saw before showed up and started drek. Only thirty minutes later, the RPG went off. I don’t know what slots me off more, the fact that fellow mercs did this or that we didn’t see it coming.**

- **Scattershot**

- **This means that more mercs have officially become shadowrunners.**

- **Picador**
