---
id: SP-0118
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Authorization - Ringmaster 06-15-82/0224/:45 Zulu
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Authorization - Ringmaster 06-15-82/0224/:45 Zulu**

**Delta 3–withdraw immediately from the site, return to your primary staging locations.**

**I have established a channel of communication and have assurances that the site and the immediate vicinity will be secure from any future Disian incursions. The area is considered of-limits and is no longer our concern.**

- **Or … all of them are metahuman dwarfs who moved into the metaplanes during the last high-mana cycle. And isn’t Naszaly the name of a Hungarian mountain?**

- **Plan 9**

- **I know the Zhigul Makers are tied in with the Stonecutters Guild, and old Atticus “Ringmaster” Cole was a member back in the day. I’m betting that was how the “channel of communication” was established. I will also bet that one of his old lodge brothers could confirm that for us, if he wanted to. Right, Mr. Bonds?**

- **> Old Crow**

- **You have no idea what you are talking about.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **I always find it amusing when this is brought up.**

- **Ringmaster**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Here’s something. I ran in Vegas for a while with a dwarf mage using the name Stone (not that Stone), and he would tell anyone who would listen he was 8,000 years old. He looked old as drek, but I always figured he was a spike baby. Anyway, he also claimed he was kicked out of the Zhigul Makers for something or other. I asked him once how it was possible for him to be that old. He just winked and said “magic.” Told me the Makers had huge mana batteries in their underground city, filled them up in the last high mana cycle, and it gave them enough magic to sleep through the low mana cycle without aging.**

- **Spyder**

- **Mana batteries? Really? Considering everything that’s happening now, that never struck you as a detail that might be important?**

- **> Elijah**

- **Drek, now I need to go track that guy down.**

- **Spyder**

- **All this has reminded me of something else. Back in the late summer, there was a sudden uptick on runs being offered all over Europe. These new jobs were from a group of newly active Mr. Johnsons with no history of doing shadow work—all of them dwarfs. That had a few of us looking into what was up. We found out the money was flowing from the Stonecutters Guild, but sometimes you would also dig up the name “Zhigul Makers.” Later we started to realize that the targets were all suspected agents of Dis or facilities rumored to be associated with them. These Mr. Johnsons are still active, and many have been increasing the volume of work. I’ll speculate that Dis building a facility on their doorstep convinced the Zhigul Makers to throw in with Grey Cell and fund some of the opposition to Dis.**

- **Sim-Eon**

- **This is a sensitive issue that I can’t say much about per certain agreements, but I know some will pry. So, to quell some of that, I will simply say that some arrangements have been made.**

- **> Ringmaster**
