---
id: SP-0055
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Guardians of the Gates
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Guardians of the Gates**

**As construction of the Harvester Network ramps up, defending them from attack is a logical**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**and legitimate concern for the Disians and their allies. Or are they straight-up minions?**

**Either way, as the previous Disian favorites, Aztechnology initially took point when it came to onsite security for the established strongholds. That’s now changing. With MCT now the heirs apparent of Disian patronage and Aztechnology busy leading the search-and-destroy orgies within in the shadows, Mitsuhama personnel and operatives have been supplanting Aztechnology security forces, although there are certain locations Aztechnology refused to give up.**

- **Antarctica is a prime example. Given the fact that Aztechnology is willing to fight for it and its remote location, MCT has decided not push the matter.**

- **Cosmo**

- **Interestingly, the first major stronghold in Pennsylvania, known as Triple Zero, is also where Aztechnology has put a line in the sand. So for now, the two seem to share garrison duties.**

- **Rifleman**

**And if we thought MCT Zero-Zones were bad, we haven’t seen anything yet. Just last week, we were hired to do some recon on a reported Harvester site in Siberia. We got past the layered maze of magical wards, sensors, and SOTA automated defense turrets and all the way into the main complex entrance before all hell broke loose. Not only did we encounter heavily armed paramilitary forces complete with Matrix and drone backup, we also witnessed frsthand what organized squads of chimera can do. Damn things looked like something out of a horror movie, and the MCT guards were more than happy to let them tear half our team apart before mercy-killing them.**

**Only three out of nine survived.**

- **Before we go any further, I wanted to note that while Aztechnology and MCT’s motives are somewhat cut-and-dried regarding their Disian involvement, Saeder-Krupp and Wuxing are a bit more nuanced and divided in their reasons. Still, they’re actively aiding the Disians (even if only logistically) and as such, they should still be considered enemy combatants.**

- **> Ringmaster**
