---
id: SP-0328
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Other Things Lurking in The Dark
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Other Things Lurking in The Dark**

**///Secure Chat Room #54-01-97/4, VPN: JackPoint, 11-21-82/0414:34 Zulu ***Password Accepted/ACCESS GRANTED***///**

- **It occurs to me that the Infected might be good for something after all.**

- **Rigger X**

- **How so?**

- **Clockwork**

- **If the Disians use your own soul against you, and vampires and other Infected can juice themselves up with the same energy, they can get super-powerful to fight the Dis even while denying the stuff they’d take.**

- **Rigger X**

- **One better: Whoever dies, the world is better off.**

- **Clockwork**

- **I imagine the powers that be in Asamando know how you feel, considering how they’ve effectively sealed up the border until this whole thing blows over.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

- **What? They’re just going to lock down and hope their own food source saves the world? What are they supposed to feed on if metahumanity loses? Hell, you’d think they’d at least have enough enlightened self-interest to throw in with their own ecosystem.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **Given rumors of metahuman trafficking importing into Asamando, it sure looks like they’ve been stocking the larders. They’ve also been bringing in more construction and complex gear, all kinds of stuff. Looking at some of the manifests, there’s room to imagine they could clone fresh blood and soul, or cryogenically preserve their stock for later if they can breed and ration.**

- **Icarus**

- **How can you be so cold about all this?**

- **Sunshine**

- **How I feel is irrelevant. The data, on the other hand, reveals quite a bit that can be relevant.**

- **Icarus**

- **So, how much for this very-revealing data?**

- **The Chromed Accountant**

- **I’ll send you a price.**

- **Icarus**

- **How did you get all this?**

- **Thorn**

- **That’s an answer you’ll never be able to afford.**

- **> Icarus**

- **I’m about five missing agents deep on that count. You might be surprised.**

- **> Thorn**

- **Is it more than my own pet cyberzombie? Word is the Ordo is selling them cheap. Well, relatively cheap.**

- **> Beaker**

- **You know, all those posts over the years that the Ordo Maximus has some of the best cybermancers and delta tech around? I never believed them. Why would dual-natured critters like nosferatu go making something that literally scrambles their souls? Kinda goes against common sense.**

- **> Ethernaut**

- **Seeing as cybermancy is about as close as we can get to necromancy, it’s a little ironic.**

- **> Elijah**

- **Vampires aren’t undead if that’s what you’re implying. At least, not the way we understand it. More like another form of life. Leaky souls, surviving with a disease. Not all of them can reconcile that with their own humanity. If anything, we should admire those who can act like people.**

- **> Doc Fangs**

- **Until they get hungry.**

- **Clockwork**

- **Appreciate the vote of confidence, Doc.**

- **> Red**

- **Fascinating as this is, why are Infected some of the best cybermancers?**

- **Ethernaut**

- **From a strategic point of view, every weapon we make is dangerous to us. From bullets to bioweapons, we create the things that can destroy us. If anything, we create things we fear, because we understand that kind of enemy intimately.**

- **> Resignation**

- **Considering the nosferatu predilection for paranoia and megalomania, this theory holds water. They’d be willing to turn cyberzombies against one another while thinking they can handle it in ways their enemies can’t. Big, fragile egos are prone to big, unstable mistakes.**

- **Doc Fangs**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **And some of them may be so old that they know the magic from previous ages.**

- **Frosty**

- **I somehow doubt the Fourth World had cyberware …**

- **Winterhawk**

- **You really can’t imagine a use for a suggestible undead servant that warps magic around it after being drained of essence?**

- **Frosty**

- **So, not cyberzombies, just … regular zombies?**

- **Haze**

- **Can someone please tell me why they’re selling the damn things off, then?**

- **Beaker**

- **Because the infected and the Disians are direct rivals. And while Asamando may be bunkering down, that doesn’t mean they can’t release natural predators against their enemies. And hell, it’s not like they’ll want the cyberzombies down in a hole with them.**

- **> Frosty**

- **Classic strategy. If you don’t want to attract hostiles, stay out of their way and play neutral, but ship weapons to their enemies. If you need proof, look at any war in history. World War 2 had America sending weapon shipments to England. I might not ascribe such virtuous intentions to a cabal of immortal cannibals, but then, war makes for strange bedfellows.**

- **> Resignation**

- **And this bunker, we’re talking about the subterranean arcology they’re building, right? The one they’re extracting all these specialists and custom gear into. What’s the deal? You think Dis will make a play for it?**

- **Beaker**

- **I doubt it’ll be their first target. Asamando is rich with magic, sure, but it’s the single greatest concentration of Infected in the world and that would be kicking a hornet’s nest. There’re also some capable citizens there, including a city of shifters and free spirits who claim citizenship. Let’s also not forget the possibility the Ordo has already set up a delta clinic there. That means top-shelf razors, which we’re discovering is somewhere near the bottom of Dis’ favorite things. More likely they’ll focus attention elsewhere, maneuver to isolate, and save them for last. The fact Asamando is cutting themselves off makes it a sound like an actual plan.**

- **Frosty**

- **So, the Infected just sit it out and wait to see what happens?**

- **> Pistons**

- **Probably not. The Asamando arcology could be one of the most well-defended places in the world, but there’s ways to knock it out. The Disians drain through ley lines, suck worlds dry, right?**

**Most of Asamando’s industry is magitech, and their ley lines aren’t connected to places outside the country’s border. They can pretend isolationism is a practical foreign policy, but it’ll only get their asses kicked in the end, and they know it. I’d bet they join the fight before the end.**

- **Frosty**

- **Or they have an ace in the hole.**

- **Elijah**

- **What do you mean?**

- **Pistons**

- **I mean the Dark Terrors upload didn’t seem like a series of isolated developments. They’ve been playing with pre-Sixth World artifacts and have some weird things happening, with a hive mind or something? They’re burning through billion-nuyen labs rushing dangerous research into things that defy current metamagical theories. Not exactly the long-term thinking of potentially immortal creatures. They’re rushing something big and dangerous. If anything, I’d say the Dis have just moved up their timetable. Whether or not they finish it in time, or if that’s something the rest of the world would even want, there’s no way to know.**

- **Elijah**

- **They certainly are moving capital at an alarming rate. They’ve been flooding commodities markets with industrial diamonds and all kinds of minerals. Nothing exotic like you’d expect them to keep, of course, but they’ve made a dent in global pricing.**

- **The Chromed Accountant**

- **That supports the idea they need the cash. If they’re having a fire sale, that’s a lot of money left on the table.**

- **Kia**

- **Maybe we all keep in mind this is speculation? Could all be smoke.**

- **Snopes**

- **Smoke does not rise without a source.**

- **Many-Names**

- **Determining whether it is or not will take some doing, considering the sheer number of shell corporations, double blinds, and patsies involved. Anyone marketing something as vile as a cyberzombie has deep pockets and dangerous connections, a maze of deniability, and traps to catch anyone asking the wrong questions.**

- **Sunshine**

- **What, like we’re asking here? Yeah, nothing to worry about. It’s not like we don’t have our fair share of spies among us.**

- **Rigger X**

- **I have the sneaking suspicion you’re talking about me.**

- **Hannibelle**



- **I assumed he meant Red.**

- **EB**

- **So did I, honestly.**

- **Red**

- **The man has a point.**

- **Clockwork**

- **Considering both Clockwork and Rigger X have been known to turn on their fellow JackPointers, I suggest everyone take a second to figure out the glass ratio of their house before they start hurling stones.**

- **Glitch**

- **With respect, considering the topic, our resident Infected *have* been pretty quiet …**

- **Netcat**

- **What do you want me to say? Ghouls are moving to Asamando, individuals and groups and whole warrens’ worth, and there’s no way to get them to believe they’ll just be experimental subjects and cannon fodder. They’ve been afraid and alone, hungry and hated in the dark for so long they’ll grasp at anything that sounds like freedom.**

- **Hannibelle**

- **Those of us who can see the writing on the wall are following our own path, which is nothing new. You’ve got some individual pacts, packs, covens, all circling the wagons against Dis hunting squads. Those ones are more likely to go protecting their hunting grounds, and they might throw in with anyone whose actions are going to further those goals.**

- **> Red**

- **What about the independents?**

- **Chainmaker**

- **What you’re really asking is what Infected like he and I are doing. And it’s the best part. Go on, Red, tell them the best part.**

- **> EB**

- ***SIGH* Select clients are offering a decent bounty on the Dis. Even the Draco Foundation has put aside their usual rewards on Infected and blood mages to work with them. Maybe it’s for clemency, maybe cash. In my case, I’m getting a hearty payday.**

- **> Red**

- **Yeah, blood mages have some of the same advantages as Infected when it comes to fighting Disians. I suppose you might call it resource denial.**

- **EB**

- **Can a blood mage use Dis energy?**

- **Ethernaut**

**==> picture [238 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Well, yes and no. If it’s freshly harvested, not—I guess “formatted” is the word—then you can still rip it back out. But once they’ve metabolized it, it’s about as foreign to us as they are.**

- **EB**

- **So you’re only stealing their power if they just stole it from someone else. Terrific door prize.**

- **Ethernaut**

- **And the ones who throw in with Dis?**

- **Chainmaker**

- **They don’t.**

- **Red**

- **I find it hard to believe that you can be so certain about every Infected.**

- **Winterhawk**

- **I can. Whatever Dis is after, it seems to be roughly the same stuff we are, and they don’t like to share at all. More than that, they must not like the taste of us, and we can use what they’re after to become stronger and faster, more capable of taking them down. Disians have a kill-on-sight policy, even if the vampire or other Infected wanted to sell out. It’s just not happening.**

- **Red**

- **So, what, the enemy of my enemy is my friend?**

- **> Clockwork**

- **In your case? Just your enemy’s enemy. But for most folks, and I know I’m shooting myself in the foot here, I would exercise caution with anyone who wants to eat you.**

- **Red**

- **No, it’s fair. But you can say the same about anyone who makes crime a lifestyle.**

- **Hannibelle**

- **Besides, we just regenerate when we’re shot in the foot. Have you ever played Russian Foot Roulette? Hell of a way to get a Vory to back down. He was really torn about it. Never could replace those boots, though …**

**> EB**

- **You want extra proof Aztechnology is in bed with Dis? Bloodpanthers have flooded the shadow market. They’d be front and center in opposition to Dis otherwise. Instead, they’re on sabbatical or on the lam. It’s rare they say what they are, but any good fixer does their homework, especially when a volatile player like Infected blood mages come rolling up, fake résumé in hand and talents on display, brazen as you like.**

- **Renard**

- **Anyway. When it comes to smoking an actual Disian, not their Faustians, that regeneration is no joke! You know how satisfying**

**it is to lure them into a crossfire of drones? It’s like they never see the tech coming. And if you must use bait, I’ll give it to vampires, they’re willing to go down in a hail of gunfire like no one else. They just get right back up, creepy fraggers. So, yeah. Not useless at all.**

- **Clockwork**

- **And the mist? Forget about it. You see them deploy from a transport in an almost literal puff of smoke, down they go, no chutes or anything.**

- **Rigger X**

- **So long as there’s no crosswind, at least.**

- **> Red**

- **So, hypothetically, Asamando wouldn’t be the worst place to go if you wanted to stay clear of this? Maybe in that little shifter town?**

- **Sounder**

- **I wouldn’t sell travel packages just yet. Folks who head that way have a bad habit of disappearing. Remember what cannibals preparing for winter are going to stock the larder with—and they’ve got the tech to keep their produce fresh.**

- **Saturday Jones**

- **Don’t remind me.**

- **Red**

- **You’re probably okay if you’re someone important, someone who will be missed if they disappeared. Can’t be two of me now, can there?**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **You understand that roughly six percent of the world has the surname Jones, right? Some Johnsons use it, along with Smith, etc.**

- **Saturday Jones**

- **Well, drek. At least that means I’m lower on the radar, I guess.**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **Meaning you’re less likely to be safe in Asamando. Even then, I wouldn’t be too sure. If you’ve got science chops, you’re a sexy extraction target, if I’ve been following the food chain up the plausible deniability ladder far enough.**

- **Kia**

- **I’ve taken the liberty of making myself scarcer since that bit of information got out. Corps have gotten wise, as well, and counter-ops against Asamando operatives are on the rise. If you’re on either side of the payroll, I’d suggest anticipating greater degrees of challenge going forward.**

- **KAM**

- **Just one more advantage at the bargaining table.**

- **> Prime Runner**



- **Word is there’s an emerging shadow war of deniable assets between BioGene and Asamando shadow fronts. A whole lot of names being crossed out of fixer black books. Might take care you don’t add yours to it.**

- **Alpha**

- **Nothing new about the powers that be putting us at each other’s throats.**

- **Chainmaker**

- **But people with our talents are needed elsewhere. Cred won’t spend in Dis, and secrets corporate or national won’t help anyone when we’re demon food.**

- **Goat Foot**

- **Anybody else hear about Evo rolling out Infected-facing products?**

- **Beaker**

- **Yeah. They’re claiming they’ll have sun-protective gear you can wear out in broad daylight in the next two years, probably sooner. Other stuff, too. FAB-composite tinting for windows— that one got my attention. Cheaper and available outside of Asamando.**

- **EB**

- **Why would you need protective clothing? There’s already shady clothing, and Evo has been making Infected sun gear for years.**

- **> Chainmaker**

- **Not that blocks the inherent mystical properties of sunlight, especially as our sensitivities and hungers have gotten progressively worse. It’s not like we can just throw on sunblock. No idea why. That’s been happening for a decade, but it’s bad for everyone, Infected and metahuman.**

- **EB**

- **Evo is also preparing a nice PR package of trusts and awards for anyone who finishes one of Dunkelzahn’s last requests, the synthetic flesh substitute for ghouls. I’d love to know what Asamando thinks about that.**

- **Kia**

- **Honestly? The people in charge there can control their population with food. You produce a viable substitute, they have options. Hell, it would go a long way to making Infected a lot less scary to the average metahuman. All of that means Evo better beef up its anti-Infected security measures, because breaking any monopoly is exactly how to invite sabotage. Makes you wonder where Evo really benefits outside an otherwisenegligible PR bump with a niche market.**

- **Dr. Spin**

- **Since we’re on the topic of darker elements working on our side (or at least charting where they land), what’s up with the bugs?**

- **> Pistons**

- **With the Hive effectively cut off for now, those still here are basically on their own. No reinforcements, no new queens, no new hives. This has led to them digging deeper in, going underground more than usual, in some cases literally. Bugs have always been about survival. Mass reproduction is just a side effect of that instinct. Without reproduction on the table, they’ll stay low.**

- **Red**

- **Wait, I thought the Queen could create new bugs on her own?**

- **> Sounder**

- **Yeah, I’m not sure where you got your intel, but where I’m hunting, they’ve been on a major snatch binge, and where they run into the Dis, it’s no joke. They’re weak against them, but they fight tooth and claw, no-holds-barred suicide runs to defend their hives. Pretty clear there’s no lost love there.**

- **Rosethorn**

- **Oh, it goes far deeper than that. Hives tend to be built on major ley line points, especially nodes when they can manage it. That’s one of the reasons Chicago was such an attractive location to us. With the Dis targeting major crosspoints, our running into each other is inevitable.**

- **Praxis**

- **Rumor is that Disians aren’t fond of whatever aspecting bugs put into the mana streams. Says a lot that they’ll pump that level of resources into claiming what must basically be toxic waste dumps, as far as they’re concerned.**

- **Winterhawk**

- **It’s not just the energy itself. It’s possible to re-align the energy of any space, given time, and they’ve clearly got experience with that kind of terraforming and draining other dimensions. But even past that, the Disians can tap into any nodes they capture and convert them, effectively pulling energy from other linked locations. If it was all one big soyshake, then it only takes one big straw to drain them all.**

- **Ethernaut**

- **So why not just pick the biggest one, settle down and fortify, and suck the planet dry?**

- **Glitch**

- **Because with so many other locations tapped in, each can be used to oppose their draw. They’ve got to capture enough of them to overwhelm any opposition. And think about who is sitting on those spots: major magic groups, ancient free spirits, entire cults, religions, dragons …**

- **Ethernaut**

- **I wonder how they contend with the instability of magic in the world.**

- **Elijah**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Instability?**

- **Baka Dabora**

- **There’s archaeological and anecdotal evidence that previous ages had a much more gradual transition, with magic appearing at a steady pace so that it was a more organic process. The Sixth World had a violent Awakening, and it hasn’t even been a century since it started. Imagine waking up. Under the healthiest circumstances, it’s after a nice seven or eight hours of sleep, and you have time to yawn, stretch, check your messages, pour a bowl of krill flakes and so on. You have a better, healthier day under those circumstances.**

**Now imagine you’re woken up by gunfire. Someone has a gun to your spouse’s head. Your account got drained. You realize you’re bleeding from a dozen cuts. Adrenaline and pain and fear—you’re starting a very bad day. This world was born in conflict, with neverbefore-seen technology and ravaging of natural resources, war and horror and magic ripped into violent intention that literally erupted volcanoes and summoned hurricanes. And since then, it’s been fed the energy of plagues, the premature bridging of extradimensional horrors like the bugs and worse, experimentation and exploitation of the primal nature of magic itself. The world is having a very, very bad day, and we call it the Sixth World.**

- **Elijah**

- **Frag. Makes you wonder what’s left to save.**

- **Baka Dabora**

- **Uh, myself. And all of us. If we’re gonna frag it up, it should be on our terms.**

- **Prime Runner**

- **Maybe that’s why the Dis never finished with the Hive.**

- **Plan 10**

- **Well, go on. Meaning what?**

- **Snopes**

- **I mean those pics we got from the Hive, when we found out there was a little resource rush by Ares and others to grab what they could during the recent planar alignment. Remember how there were some ruins that indicated the Hive basically expands by consuming whole other planes? Some of the stuff the Hive couldn’t “digest” sure had a similar nature to Dis technology.**

- **> Plan 10**

- **I see two possibilities here. One is that Dis attempted to invade the Hive at least once before but couldn’t establish a foothold. That feels iffy, because the Dis are so fragging good at tearing apart the very stuff all spirits and magic are made of. The other is that the Hive expanded to take in dead worlds Dis had already drained, meaning those ruins were just leftover equipment Dis abandoned in their wake. But that doesn’t really make sense to me. The bugs go where there’s life energy, hosts, material, and the Dis take all of that, so why bother expanding to a world that offers them nothing?**

- **Elijah**

- **Well, not exactly nothing. The Hive is known to be overcrowded in the extreme. There’s no sky, as far as anyone can tell, just endless tunnels.**

- **Red**

- **Ah, but you’re wrong. What about the Ares base? It was basically in a nice big cavern. And a lot of the looters (at least the ones who made it back) said there were more large empty spaces. And come to it, I don’t remember any pictures of those possibly Disian ruins in tight spaces. More like the Hive grew around it, like a cyst.**

- **Plan 10**

- **So, what? Are you proposing there’s a correlation there? That bugs might be a key in beating the Dis back, or that Dis tech might help combat bugs if we win this whole thing?**

- **> Snopes**

- **Correlation is not causation, but patterns form for a reason.**

- **> Many-Names**

- **Interesting, but I think this is a dead-end, insofar as killer apps are concerned. Let’s face it: for either side to win, we must lose. The level of influence for either would be the death and enslavement, or worse, for all metahumanity. Maybe there’s a practical application on a smaller degree, but there’s no known safe ways to interface with insect magic or Distech. And with the Hive cut off, it’s a moot point. We’re on our own.**

- **Elijah**

- **Why is the Hive cut off, anyway? The alignment passed, so is it just low-tide, no passage for a while? Or did they find a way to cut themselves off?**

- **Chainmaker**

- **If it’s the latter, it suggests the theory they can beat Dis holds less water.**

- **Red**

- **Or they’re just cutting losses and sitting it out. No one ever said the bugs had courage.**

- **Chainmaker**

- **Just cold efficiency. At least, the classic breed.**

- **Praxis**

- **Good point. What’s going on with the Betas, anyway?**

- **Red**

- **The Freehivers? Word is they’re basically hiring out willing talent for strike missions, but they’re being extremely cautious about it. They know they’re vulnerable and don’t have the numbers to shift the tide of things, but they also know the only way they’re getting through this is teaming up. Plus, it’s a total PR boost, even if it turns out they’re only in it to save their own asses.**

- **Praxis**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **Still didn’t answer my question.**

- **Snopes**

**> They’ve gone deep. Like hiding in the deep of our mind. They’re … frightened. Feels too quiet, now. I think I’ll do likewise. I’ll try some datamining, see what I can pull up. Anyone needs me, you know the way. We’re gonna beat this.**

- **Plan 9**
