---
id: SP-0132
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Worst of Both Worlds: Evo Cybermancy! - Posted by: Butch'
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Worst of Both Worlds: Evo Cybermancy!**

## **Posted by: Butch**

**I heard the rumors, but I had to do my due diligence and verify for myself. Getting right to it, it seems that for the past year and a half, Evo has been conducting and developing their own cybermancy program.**

**During that time, they’ve put a priority on recruiting anyone with the right knowledge and skill sets. And when that didn’t work, Evo turned to the tried-and-true methods of datasteals and extractions from both Aztechnology and MCT. They took special care and made each one of those look like an assassination, a raid, or just outright theft. Not that it mattered—both Aztechnology and MCT had drastically cut back on their own cybermancy programs in order to avoid offending their Disian overlords.**

**According to the data I’ve got, Evo has a cadre of scientists and technicians spread out between three to fve black sites doing their best to crank out as many cyberzombies in as short a time as possible. Now I can’t confrm what these zombies will be used for, but given Buttercup’s rant here, I think it’s safe to make an educated guess.**

**Now, my hands are far from clean, but I still need to remind and impress on everyone here exactly how a cyberzombie is created and how much of a torturous experience it is for the victim. Not only are they loaded up with so much cyberware that the body simply can’t live anymore, but special blood rituals are also used to anchor the sprit, soul, or whatever you want to call it to a body that is essentially** _**dead**_ **. The end result is a killing machine without equal, one that does not feel pain, ignores all damage, and will keep going until either their target is destroyed or they are.**

**Frag, I’ve even got confrmation that at last six cyberzombies have been deployed against Disian targets. And it was exactly what one would expect: the objective completed but with massive damage and casualties. But against the Disians, especially those nightmarish chimera, that sounds like a pretty good thing, right? Well, it also turns out that Evo has something in common with the Disians: They’ve been taking “political prisoners” and “criminals” who’ve been either captured by Evo or imprisoned on trumped-up charges, all without any form of due process, even by corpo-**

**rate standards. One of the same things we’ve been rallying against, the Disians kidnapping innocents for use in their Harvesters, is something Evo has been doing right under our noses** _**and with tacit approval from all of the allied leaders.**_

**I can’t speak for anyone else, but hypocrisy makes me sick. I know we’re fghting for our very survival, but I’m going to have to think long and hard about continuing working with this particular “resistance.” I’ve just started to be able to look myself in the mirror again, and this time I thought I’d found a truly righteous cause to fght for. But to fnd out like this? What else is being hidden from us?**

- **What, you think every grunt has a say in what the generals do? Get real.**

- **Stone**

- **But this isn’t a military.**

- **Netcat**

- **We’re still at war, though. We need to treat it as such.**

- **Pistons**

- **That, and someone must make the hard calls.**

- **Sam-R-Eye**

- **I appreciate everyone’s candor in this, but as it’s already been stated, this whole affair is complicated. I left my position with the CIA for a similar reason, and people paid the price. And I swore I’d never put myself in a similar situation again. Yet here I am. I won’t insult anyone here and talk about “making hard choices.” At the end of the day, every person must decide for themselves how much they can take and where the line is drawn. But we must also weigh what the cost is for every action we take. You’re right, we all must think long and hard about how far we are willing to go. And truth be told, I’m still weighing that cost.**

- **Ringmaster**

- **You know what, who cares about all this ethical drek?! In case you haven’t been keeping score, we’re getting our hoops kicked out there! My family was attacked! I lost my father, my brother, and two good friends during the Week of Death, all because we took some stupid job from a Grey Cell Johnson! And even then, all we did was recon a warehouse. So, I got zero problem fighting fire with fire in this case. Okay, so our “souls” will be tarnished a bit. But who working the shadows isn’t already? I look at it this way—at least we’ll be alive to deal with any guilt.**

- **> Flash Banger**
