---
id: SP-0303
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Up in the (Ware)House
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Up in the (Ware)House**

**On the way to the warehouse area, the runners should start to detect or encounter signs of another shadowrunner team, likely also on the trail of Dr. Rickman. Player characters may observe a drone or spirit searching the area, or deduce that the opposing runner team has split up to cover more ground (if so, add two additional street samurai NPCs). The player characters can choose to handle these issues however they like. But if they engage at this point, the rest of the opposing runner team will know of their existence and attempt to ambush the players; unless the player characters are able to either prevent communication or neutralize the opposition before their turn in the initiative order.**

**Once inside the warehouses, they fnd large cavernous buildings that are mostly bare structures. Catwalks and semi-fallen platforms are at**



**multiple levels between fve and twenty meters in the air. These structures in some places are barely hanging on. A successful Engineering + Logic (2) test will tell the player characters that they may collapse if anyone walks on them (gamemaster’s discretion), or if they take any kind of damage (i.e., from weapons fre or combat magic that causes more than 5P damage in one shot). There are also several derelict semi-trucks and tractor trailers in the area on the ground foor that are good for providing cover/concealment.**

**At this point, the player characters will fnd Dr. Rickman, either through their own means or a simple Perception + Intuition (4) test hiding in one of the derelict semi-trucks. Depending on how the player characters approach, Dr. Rickman may take a shot at them with her Colt Manhunter pistol but will miss.**

**However, once the player characters relay the code phrase, Dr. Rickman will visibly calm down and cooperate. She’ll tell the player characters that she has her project data encrypted in her cranial cyberdeck, which is at full memory capacity.**

**At this point, all player characters need to make a Reaction + Intuition (3) test to avoid being ambushed by the opposing runner team. Those who fail will be surprised, the rest are able to act. Any glitches on a ranged combat test that do more than 5P damage will result in a section of one of the catwalks to fall, possibly injuring someone below. An Agility + Athletics Test (3) is needed to avoid the falling debris. A critical glitch causes a large section to fall; increase the threshold of the Athletics test to (5) to avoid 5P damage. If a player character wants to deliberately drop a section, use standard called Shot Rules.**

**The opposition runner team consists of two street samurai (p. 87,** _**SR6**_ **), one street shaman (p. 88,** _**SR6**_ **), and a rigger initially using their drones in Captain’s Chair mode, operating an Ares Gunrunner GR-02 (p. 100,** _**Double Clutch**_ **), two Ares Regulators (p. 95,** _**Double Clutch**_ **) with two Whispering Death Drones (p. 107,** _**Double Clutch**_ **) in reserve. The opposition rigger will attack with the Regulators frst, their SMGs loaded with Stickn-Shock rounds so not to risk killing Dr. Rickman. Backing them up is the Gunrunner with one of the street samurai operating the drone’s turret-mounted LMG to deal with any particularly diffcult or critical targets. The second street samurai and street shaman will provide support from behind the cover of semis or trailers.**

**If the opposition runners start losing or take too much damage from the player characters, the rigger will then deploy the two Whispering Death drones to mow down anyone who isn’t Dr. Rickman.**

**During the fght, Dr. Rickman will not engage, even to save her life, partially because of sheer**

**exhaustion, but also because she does not want to risk the data in her head.**

**If the player characters survive, for one last dramatic moment, (especially if there have been at least three glitches, heavy volumes of weapons fre, or combat magic) have them all make Agility + Athletics (3) tests as the warehouse roof is now about to come down. Barrier spells of suffcient strength can be used to counter this.**

**Those who survive make their way out of the warehouse area and can call Mr. Johnson, who will arrange for pickup ffteen kilometers east of their location. Once Dr. Rickman is handed over to Mr. Johnson, he makes arrangements for the payment to be transferred and any medical care given.**

**And with that, Mr. Johnson gets back into his helo and takes off into the night.**
