---
id: SP-0056
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Saeder-Krupp - Posted by: Cosmo'
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Saeder-Krupp**

## **Posted by: Cosmo**

**Some think we have arrived at a day we thought we would never see: the day when Lofwyr was not fully prepared for something.**

**We’ve talked about the planning abilities of great dragons many times, how they think in decades or centuries the way we think of months or years. We act sometimes like everything that happens is something they planned, their long-term schemes coming to fruition.**

**The Dragon Civil War challenged that notion, but we excused it with the idea that the one thing a dragon can’t fully anticipate is another dragon. Clearly, when it comes to mere metahuman affairs, they’re on top of the world and know what’s going on.**

**The early stages of what we now know to be part of the Disian experiment confrmed S-K’s foresight. Once blackouts hit cities across the UCAS, who was there to help clean up the mess and rebuild with some fat infrastructure contracts? Why, Saeder-Krupp. Once again, it looked like Lofwyr was at least a step ahead of everybody, already moving on to the proft stage of an operation while everyone else was still trying to fgure out what the hell was going on.**

**But now we have cause for second thoughts. We’re still learning how the blackouts and the disappearance of III Corps were accomplished, and perhaps most importantly, we’re learning the price the corps had to pay to make these things happen. We may never know the full details, but one thing we know for sure is that the arrangement built a stronger connection between Dis and us.**

**Some of the questions connected to that are: Did they mean to build such a strong connection? Did they understand the implications of what they were doing? And what are they going to do about it?**

**In any other time, we would expect Lofwyr and his company to at least have a clear answer to that last question. But by all indications, he doesn’t. And that’s confusing a lot of long-time corp watchers.**

**If anything, Lofwyr couldn’t be classifed as proDis or anti-Dis—he’s wait-and-see. Again, that’s alarming. Lofwyr, the master schemer, settling on being reactive? How did it get to that point? And is he just playing some long-term game we’re missing? Well, let’s dig in.**
