---
id: SP-0324
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Dance Partners
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Dance Partners**

**I suppose I should address the elephant in the room: Wuxing and Maersk. As I’m sure all of JackPoint knows, Maersk is an AA-rated megacorporation with their headquarters in Denmark, while Wuxing is one of the Big Ten and is headquartered in Hong Kong. Combined, they make up the majority of global maritime cargo, both in number of hulls and also tonnage of cargo moved. In fact, they’re so prolifc that most of the AAA-, AA-, and A-rated corps have downsized their own merchant feets over the last ten years. The sole exception for this has been Proteus AG, which operates huge maritime assets thanks to their aquacologies and other such ventures. “Just in time” supply chains are vulnerable, and trusting valuable cargoes to a competitor, no matter what the contracts might say, are reasons all of the megacorps still retain some shipping assets. And of course, cargo ships can get pretty big and often act as a great camoufage for certain activities. Though I think it’s ironic that the level of**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**pollution from corporate facilities hidden aboard cargo ships is dramatically higher than landbased facilities in many cases. At least, that’s what I’ve been told.**

- **It’s true. While environmental laws in many parts of the world are such that pollution that escapes an extraterritorial facility becomes the problem of whoever runs the area around the compound, ships don’t have that luxury.**

- **Ecotope**

- **The Corporate Court has tried several times to change that, but it means buying off large parts of the government of practically every nation on the planet. Even they have their limits, and thankfully this is one of them.**
