---
id: SP-0078
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: "Z\xFCrich-Orbital Gemeinschaftsbank - Posted by: Cosmo"
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Zürich-Orbital Gemeinschaftsbank**

## **Posted by: Cosmo**

**If you’re asking yourself, “Does a bank, no matter how large, really have a direct role to play in this confict?” then congratulations, you’re qualifed to be an employee, because every one of them has been trying to fgure out an answer to that question for a while.**

**That’s because Z-OGB is perhaps the largest example of the “non-political” fallacy in the world today. You’ve heard this fallacy. CEOs use it all the time. So do people on all sorts of BBSs. The core of this fallacy is to say that some things should be above or outside of politics. Go into some entertainment-focused BBS and fnd a discussion about** _**Karl Kombatmage**_ **, and you’ll inevitably fnd people denouncing the** _**Karl Kombatmage Reloaded**_ **reboot as being “too political” for occasionally mentioning things like how poor people suffer and die because they can’t get decent medical care. In their mind, the original show was escapist entertainment with no political angle—regardless of the fact that the show made heroes of people who break laws, live outside of regular cultural mores, and stick it to the megacorporations.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**This helps us understand how people draw the line between something being acceptable and something being “too political.” The outlaw hero is an old trope, going back to Robin Hood and further, so it doesn’t challenge the status quo in any serious way—rather, it** _**is**_ **the status quo, part of the cultural background we adopt at a young age. Thus it is seen as apolitical and unchallenging, despite the fact that the basis of the trope is that systems often fail to provide for individual needs, and sometimes individuals need to buck rules and laws in order to build a greater sense of justice. Related to this is the idea that justice is often located outside of systems, not in them. Both of those are highly political ideas, but because people are accustomed to them, they are seen as normal.**

**This, then, gets to the heart of the complaint— the problem is not being political, it’s pushing for change. More specifcally, pushing for change some people don’t like.**

**That’s a somewhat long way of saying that the issue of Z-OGB is that there is a substantial cohort who will resist any sort of changes in their procedures and activities. They will think they have a frm tradition of Z-OGB being “politically neutral,” but that’s absolute nonsense when it comes to their organization. With the help of the Corporate Court, the bank regularly makes or breaks companies and even nations. There is no way such actions could be considered apolitical, but they are, because they are part of Z-OGB’s status quo.**

**What does this mean in the real world? It means that corporations like Wuxing and Mitsuhama would love for Z-OGB to throw their weight around when it comes to Dis-related activities (Wuxing’s extensive reagent hunting will not come cheap), but they’re going to have to overcome a tremendous amount of institutional inertia to get the results they want. Meanwhile, corps ranging from neutral to pro-Dis will work to build up that institutional inertia, reinforcing the internal idea that any internal changes or new activities betray Z-OGB’s traditional way of doing business.**

**The key pressure points here are some of the bank’s principals, so they’re worth looking into insofar as how they will shape bank decisions.**
