---
id: SP-0325
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: '> Bubbles'
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Bubbles**

**As of 2081, Maersk has the lion’s share of the maritime freight market in the Pacifc Ocean from the west coast of North America all the way to the Indian Ocean, while Wuxing is the market leader in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean. The principal areas they are still battling over are South America and the Middle East, as neither seem to be able to secure the market share in those areas. Their cold corporate war often heats up in these regions, with many shadowruns and other “accidents” occurring on a regular basis. Global Sandstorm and Aztechnology typically focus their efforts to secure their home waters.**

**But the Maersk/Wuxing confict is the hottest in the Baltic Sea and the Sea of Japan. Why there, I hear you ask, especially in light of all of the issues Wuxing have had since the late 2070s?**

**It’s complex but comes down to fags of convenience. The breakup of the Pacifc Prosperity Group and the** _**Li Na**_ **incident (for more, look up the** _**Market Panic**_ **upload from a few years ago) trashed Wuxing Worldwide Shipping’s reputation, forcing them to transition to smaller shipping companies. The problem was, while the illegal cargoes came home from extraterritorial Wuxing-owned warehouses, they were going on to ships not fagged as Wuxing. Most of them were Marshallese fagged, the Marshall Islands in Micronesia still being one of the top three countries for open ship registries (the other two being Malta and Liberia), making them subject to the laws of the Marshall Islands. And while the Marshall Islands are fairly laidback, they weren’t consulted when it came to the drek Wuxing were pulling. I guess some senior exec forgot that for Wuxing law to apply, the ships had to fy the Wuxing fag (just like extraterritorial facilities must have clear signage). It all came crashing down when a PSC inspection in the UK found a very nasty shipment. I don’t have the exact details, only that those fragging storm troopers in the fancy armor were all over the ship like fies on drek!**

- **I remember it well. I can confirm the ship, the MV Butterscotch Silhouette , was Marshallese flagged, and the Excalibur Division sent a dozen of their armored goons to practically take the ship apart! We all got three days off with full pay, as they had to shut down the east half of the Port of Southampton, bring in a full on CRABNN team, and then move the ship to the Navy docks in Portsmouth.**

- **The Soton Squire**

- **It made the news in a major way! The government said it was illegal toxic chemicals, impounded the ship, and arrested the crew. A friend of a friend said it was weaponized nanotech with a radiological payload. Scary shit!**

- **eRic**

- **Fucking jackbooted XD wankers! I’m sure the crew “resisted arrest” too!**

- **Union Jane**

- **The crew were innocent but had been exposed to harmful radiation. They were treated and released without charge, then repatriated to their native countries. According to my contact, anyway.**

- **eRic**

- **Twenty-four hours after the Butterscotch Silhouette was impounded, a body was found in a dumpster in Hong Kong that was identified surprisingly fast as Xu Mingtao, a former Wuxing senior executive. He’d been shot in the back of the head with a small-caliber handgun.**

- **Lei Kung**

**Since that incident, most of the smaller shipping lines have folded and sold all of their ships to other shipping lines. And, surprise, when the ships were re-registered under new names, they were registered with Wuxing. I’ve heard the illicit shipments have resumed, though different extraterritorial warehouses are being used, and these new, smaller shipping companies (all owned by Wuxing through several shell corps no doubt) are back plying their trade.**

**After the** _**Butterscotch Silhouette**_ **incident and all the shadow activity in the South China and Philippine Seas, including the** _**Li Na**_ **incident, Wuxing decided to actually stop bleeding Maersk. They sortied most of their corporate navy, including recalling several squadrons of destroyers and frigates from elsewhere in the world, and cracked down on the situation. For a time, this seemed to solve Wuxing’s problems, until the same pattern of incidents began to happen in the Sea of Japan. Maersk has yet again become the focus of their shadow efforts and overt attacks. Thankfully, there’s not been another** _**Li Na**_ **.**

- **The demand for high-end explosives and certain highly**

- **specialized equipment from Korea, Japan, and Vladivostok has gone through the roof.**

- **Red Anya**
