---
id: SP-0112
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'The Zhigul Makers - Posted by: Icarus'
page: 54
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Zhigul Makers**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Posted by: Icarus**

**I acquired this fle with some other paydata a while back. At the time, I couldn’t fgure out what it was about and didn’t see much value in it, so I archived it. In light of recent occurrences, I’m realizing just what it is, and in a rare gesture of altruism, I’ve decided to share it here instead of auctioning it off. Not a lot to go on, but this may indicate some actual good news for our side.**

- **Altruism my hoop—more like a sudden attack of selfpreservation. But anyway, originally I was going to drop this in another section, but ultimately decided to land it here for that little bit at the end.**

- **Bull**

- **I’m guessing no one here has noticed what’s at the center of this “high mana area” 900 kilometers southeast of Moscow? It’s the Zhiguli Mountains, ring any bells? Anyone guess the Zhigul Makers?**

- **Old Crow**

- **Let it go. This is not any of your business.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

- **As in the Zhigul Makers that attend the Seelie Court? Why would that have anything to do with military gravtech vehicles operating at a Russia black site? Are you saying you have some information that connects them?**

- **Elijah**

- **You bet I do. Several all-dwarf tech colleges scattered around the world, all funded by the innocuously named Maker Foundation. Reports of elite all-dwarf hit squads with gear that traces back to ZM Inc. or Zhigul M Corp. Pre-crash**
