---
id: SP-0027
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Eliminate All Opposition
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Eliminate All Opposition**

**This is our current situation.**

**Until recently, the confict with Dis has been more reminiscent of the previous century’s Cold War. Like a game of chess, it was move and countermove, quietly and covertly as much as possible so as not to bring unwanted attention to either side. Then the Disians and their allies decided to go hot with the “Week of Death.”**

**Simultaneously and across the globe, multiple anti-Disian elements were targeted and attacked in force and en masse. Many of these attacks were quiet and effcient, while others were loud and brutal. And while these seemed almost random or unnecessarily bloody, post-analysis indicates that** _**every single attack**_ **was carefully executed not for maximum effect against their targets, but to cause suffcient chaos as to obfuscate what was truly happening.**

**To the public, terrorists and murderers were on the rampage against average citizens, which**

**provided law enforcement and security forces the impetus they needed to mobilize without causing too much panic. Or for anyone to ask too many questions.**

**As of this posting, the frequency of Disian attacks has decreased but not stopped. But those opposed to Dis now fnd themselves worrying not only about our original enemy attacking from the shadows but also about being framed, branded, and hunted as terrorists in the open.**

- **A cunning move. Attack your enemies, then frame said enemies as the ones perpetrating the attacks, then follow up with security forces to continue the attacks.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **How bad is it? I know already multiple JackPointers were among those targeted.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **Seattle is a shooting gallery. Lone Star has been on high alert and the Metroplex Guard has been mobilized. Fort Lewis has already recalled all active personnel and is currently staging, just in case.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Too many instances to mention, lots of lives being lost. If you don’t see JackPoint regulars posting, they’ve either gone into hiding, are MIA, or maybe even KIA.**

- **Glitch**
