---
id: SP-0130
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Bleeding-Edge - Augmentation Technology
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bleeding-Edge**

## **Augmentation Technology**

**There has always been debate about which is more powerful: magic or technology. But in this case, Disian magic is mana-oriented and holds little sway over anything mechanical, technological, or otherwise grounded in the physical realm. As such, technology has a distinct edge. This is not to say that material-plane magicians and their powers are not effective against Disians or their slaves—quite the contrary. But in magical terms, the Disians and their Faustians on average have shown to be considerably more powerful than their material plane counterparts. Not to mention that the material plane Awakened must deal with the full force of a Disian magical attack.**

- **And you’d better believe that all Faustians so far encountered have taken “geek the mage first” to a whole new level.**

- **> Winterhawk**

**Not so the augmented. As already stated, Evo has ramped up production and made more readily available any and all combat-related cyber and bioware, especially high-end implants and custom grades. Of course, priority for these items is being given to those who are actively fghting the Disian threat. Additionally, Evo has also been at the forefront of emergency augmentation replacement and medical care for those who have been injured while fghting against Disian interests.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Yeah, about that. I’ve been hearing some disturbing reports. Give me a few, waiting for a trusted contact to verify a few things. Hope I’m wrong on this.**

- **> Butch**

- **I’m not gonna lie, one of those chimera things chomped off my hand and most of my right forearm (not to mention the P93 I was holding) in a recent fight just outside of … nevermind. One of my teammates got it worse—trauma patches were the only thing holding his guts in. Anyway, as part of the initial job agreement, Mr. Johnson arranged an expedited visit to a local shadow clinic. Now, despite their best efforts, we pegged this place as an Evo facility (try removing all the logos sometime), but we didn’t care. My teammate got prime care and should make a full recovery. Meanwhile, I got a new arm, even a few minor upgrades while I was there. And all as part of our payment. I tell ya, I could get used to that.**

- **Brutus Ex-Mechina**

- **Similar story here. But instead of payment, our Mr. Johnson offered us some bleeding-edge cyber, delta-fragging-grade, as payment.**

- **Flash Banger**
