---
id: SP-0174
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'The Seelie Court: A Court in Disarray - Posted by: High Road'
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Seelie Court: A Court in Disarray**

## **Posted by: High Road**

**The fae roamed the worlds freely in the Fourth World, unrestricted, and used mana as they pleased. To them, this Age of Legend is known as the Era of the Gilded Rose; their songs solely sing a golden, honeyed harmony shared by everyone. The fae were blissfully ignorant that mana was quietly draining from the earthly plane.**

- **The Red Wolf’s name is popping up all over the globe.**

**The inhabitants of the realm, including those in Tír na nÓg, were unaware of what was taking place until it was too late. Those few who knew were helpless to stop it or convince others that precautions needed to be taken. It is well known that the fae experienced a painful and lengthy transition into the Fifth World.**

- **Spyder**

- **I’ve noticed that, too. It’s odd, though—I can’t figure out what he is going after. I hear some people get a visit and he never comes back, others are left looking like something out of a horror sim.**

- **> Red Anya**

**The lessening of magical energy had a variety of effects on the fae, they realized that mana was not an endless renewing resource, and then they took action. Mana did not uniformly drain from our plane; its loss was varied. Thus, hundreds or even**

- **I have it on good authority that he has been chosen by a great spirit, destined to play a critical part in protecting our world from alien oppressors.**

- **Plan 9**
