---
id: SP-0034
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Working Relationship: Monsters and Demons'
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Working Relationship: Monsters and Demons**

**There are conficting reports on when and how Aztechnology began their collaboration with the Disians, but they are known to have been the frst (but not the last) to ally with them. Data suggest that Disian proxies approached then-President Juan Atzcapotzalco as early as 2055–56, when Aztechnology started dipping their research into extra-metaplanar theory with the intent for travel. Others indicate initial contact occurred with the Aztechnology board sometime around 2062, supposedly just in time to “advise” them on the Yucatan situation. Could be neither, could be both. Regardless, we know that the entity (for lack of a better descriptor) known as Motecuhzoma , a major fgure within the corporation’s magical R&D departments (among others), helped facilitate those introductions.**

- **Considering new information, there are some rumors gaining traction that Atzcapotzalco wasn’t as receptive to Disian overtures as they liked. That could have been one of the factors in his assassination.**

- **Pyramid Watcher**

**Whenever the fnal deal was struck, Aztechnology quickly reaped the benefts. We know that, over the next few years, their magical R&D advanced by decades, quickly outpacing several other corpo-**



**rations and further cementing the Azzies as a leader in thaumaturgical applications and research.**

**Quick example: the Disian technique of mana harvesting and Aztlan blood magic are surprisingly (alarmingly) compatible. Blood magic, or at least the principles behind it, is largely responsible for developing the process that allows metahumans to be used as batteries and possibly foci for Disian Harvesters.**

**Example two: Disian biotechnology knowledge was apparently the key to making the Blue-227 bioweapon work against draconian physiology. This weapon allowed Aztech … sorry, Aztlan to fnally take down the great dragon Sirrurg, end the Aztlan-Amazonian War, and become “Big Fragging Heroes™” to the world.**

- **A fact we have NOT forgotten about, nor will forgive. There will be a reckoning on this.**

**> Script Diver**

**More important to the current situation is that the Disians further expanded their sphere of infuence in the material plane, getting Wuxing, MCT, and even S-K (among others) to actively ally with them. Aztechnology was not exactly pleased with having to share Disian best friend status, but at the same time didn’t want to risk losing Disian patronage altogether. Aztechnology managed through their typical shenanigans to establish and maintain a sort of “favored” status among the Disian allies, especially the other megacorporations. The Azzies took full advantage of this by gatekeeping other corps for years and making Aztechnology “frst among equals.” Of course, it was only a matter of time before they were knocked off their high horse.**

**Which brings us to the current situation.**
