---
id: SP-0204
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Batu Caves, Malaysia - Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Location'
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Batu Caves, Malaysia**

## **Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Location**

**The following was forwarded by the Draco Foundation from one of their agents, known as “Moreau.”**

**Near Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia is a famous network of caves that are a cultural and religious site, with a large statue of Lord Murugan outside at the base of stairs leading up to the caves and many shrines within. It is one of four important holy shrines in Malaysia. It was also the site of a recent Disian mana harvest attempt—depending on where you live or how widely you cast your news net, you may have heard of the uptick of protests at the MCT headquarters in Malaysia, which seem to have a solid chance of pushing the megacorp out of Kuala Lumpur. At the very least, it has lost nearly all local goodwill.**

**A renovation in the Dark Cave (one of many in the Batu Caves) was being carried out by MCT, which had secured the contract only with signifcant effort. Instead of renovating the cave as promised, MCT brought in fnal components for a Disian Harvesting device and sent in a team of initiates to perform equipment tests and calibrations. When the Disians started testing the Harvester, local priests noticed the astral disruption almost immediately. Several of them demanded to enter the Dark Cave, but they were killed—either by MCT personnel or Disian chimeras providing security.**

**One of the priests had been in communication with others outside the site via Mindlink and was able to get out a partial warning about “experiments” being performed in the cave before being killed. Malaysian government offcials promised to investigate the matter, but several priests and civilians still stormed the site. The Faustian supervisors and most of the MCT personnel fed, including all chimeras to prevent their discovery. After which, in a rare showing of de-escalation, the MCT forces stood down and were taken into custody and the site was secured by Malaysian authorities. While the local manasphere seems to have recovered quickly, a strong mana ebb was still observed at the site for several weeks after the attempt.**

**Offcially, MCT disavowed any knowledge of the events or of any experiments occurring, citing rogue elements as the cause. Unoffcially, the arrest of MCT security agents was all for show. Within weeks, the Faustian overseers and most of the previous personnel returned under the guise of security consultants, and work on the Harvester continues.**
