---
id: SP-0309
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Hook
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Hook**

**At zero “Oh ye gods it’s too damn** _**early**_ **”-thirty in the morning, the player characters get a call from their fxer. The offer is simple: Do some investigation/recon of a nearby(ish) agricultural commune that has suddenly gone dark and report back to Mr. Johnson. The fxer says they know this particular Mr. Johnson, and their rep tracks. To sweeten the deal, Mr. Johnson is offering an easy 1,000 nuyen just to hear the pitch.**

**If the player characters are interested, they’re given the address to a local gun range and told to be there by noon.**

**When the players arrive, they’re met by a grumpy ork working behind the counter. When asked about Mr. Johnson, he simply grunts, hands them any necessary eye and ear protection, and points to the entrance to the long-range toward the back of the store. Once through the set of doors, the player characters come face to face with two very serious-looking bodyguards packing Ares Predator VIs, HK SMGs, and not-so-subtle body armor. Standing past the fring line on the high-ceiling, dome-shaped range is Ms. Johnson, a human female with striking red hair loading an antique but well-maintained break-action shotgun. She then yells “** _**Pull**_ **” as a drone launches a clay pigeon into the air. Half a second later, the clay projectile explodes.**

**Emptying and setting down her frearm, she turns to face the PCs. “Thank you all for coming,”**
