---
id: SP-0091
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Chain of Command
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Chain of Command**

**At its core, Grey Cell is a combination insurgent movement and paramilitary force with a lot of logistical and intelligence support. And while this type of organization is designed to be as decentralized a possible, there’s still a chain of command that’s ultimately calling the shots.**

- **Remember what I said earlier about fees for hitting Maersk or other transport companies being tripled? Well, quadruple is now the going rate, with bonuses for any transport assets being captured intact or able to be put back into service quickly. A lot of material is suddenly being moved around the word in a damn hurry.**

**It’s pretty much an open secret by now that at the very top of this operation is the great dragon Arleesh . By now most of us in the biz know of her reputation as a self-appointed guardian of the Sixth World and material plane against all magical threats. It’s also not a stretch to theorize that this is where Grey Cell receives most of their funding and fnancial support.**

- **Kane**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **So Arleesh is what, draining her hoard? Do dragons even still have those?**

- **Treadle**

- **We do. Except that we’ve adapted with the times. It’s much harder for someone to break in and steal, say, an investment portfolio. But then again, there is something to be said for hard currency and artifacts in a vault being protected by several guardians and booby traps.**

- **Script Diver**

**While it’s unknown just how hands-on Arleesh is in Grey Cell operations, she is still considered the driving force and vision behind the organization. And if not for Grey Cell, it’s been whispered that she’d fght the Disians directly all by herself.**

- **This is something that I’ve always wondered. If beings like the great dragons are so, well, great and powerful, why haven’t they just fragged Dis already? Are they not as powerful as we originally thought?**

- **Chainmaker**

- **Or are the Disians simply that powerful a foe?**

- **Frosty**

- **Something else: Arleesh used to be somewhat active in the shadows, or at least the periphery. But for the last year or so, nothing. Come to think of it, I can’t confirm the last time she was seen in public. Closest was a rumored sighting of her in Motor City around … oh frag.**

- **Wyrm Watcher**

**If Arleesh is the driving force, Atticus Cole (a.k.a. Ringmaster) is the one who’s responsible for directing, channeling, and focusing all that force into making things happen. As basically Arleesh’s right hand (talon? wing?), Cole is ultimately in charge of everything from strategic planning to forging and maintaining alliances against Dis. Before Grey Cell, Cole was Director of Operations with the CIA before being killed (and apparently getting better), only to resurface—in the shadows, at least—in 2079.**

**While Cole makes the plans, he usually sends Colonel Nathan McCord (a.k.a. Rif eman) to get them done. While he technically commands his own mercenary unit (the 61[st] Independent Rangers) and operational detachment, McCord is considered to be the closest thing Grey Cell has to a standing feld commander, even though Cole has tried (and failed) multiple times to make that role an offcial one within the organization. However, given the current state of Grey Cell’s forces, he may not have much of a choice.**

- **It’s always interesting to read what other people are saying about you, as well as what they get right and wrong.**

- **Rifleman**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Honestly, I’m fine with it. This may just be the nicest thing anyone has said about us in the last few months. And at least they got Faith’s name right this time.**

- **Ringmaster**

**Lt. Colonel Faith Raddick (a.k.a. Point Guard) has been McCord’s XO for almost ffteen years now. Starting back when their unit was simply known as “Bravo Company,” Raddick often played staff offcer so that McCord could take the feld. It was unusual, but it worked, and Raddick proved to be a highly capable leader and coordinator, so much that she often directly assisted Cole with planning and operations. But new rumors indicate that Raddick left ops approximately eighteen months ago to lead Grey Cell’s new Razor Teams.**
