---
id: SP-0236
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: A History Lesson
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A History Lesson**

**Amazonia exists upon land Aztechnology considers theirs. If not for Amazonia, Aztlan would likely encompass all of South America. So Amazonia has been a thorn in Aztlan’s side since its inception. However, we all know the relationship between Aztlan and Aztechnology. To those who see beneath the mask, Aztechnology’s brutality is obvious. But most of the world sees the megacorporation as the world’s greatest food provider. Being perceived truthfully as an aggressive and bloodthirsty nation is a risk no megacorporation would take lightly. So Aztechnology bided their time, waiting for an event that would give their PR an excuse to proclaim Amazonia as aggressors, dangerous neighbors that must be defeated for the safety and security of Aztlan’s people. In**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**the meantime, the two nations engaged in a clandestine cold war.**

**In 2072, an Amazonian team was captured while raiding an Aztechnology facility in Aztlan. This was the PR coup that Aztlan had been waiting for, and it seized the opportunity. There was ferce fghting on both sides with heavy losses. Bogotá was taken by Aztlan, Sirrurg was defeated, and Hualpa withdrew from the public eye, ceasing to lead Amazonia openly. Aztechnology framed its losses as unjust atrocities to the world and ultimately came out on top, seen by the world as unjustly attacked and rightfully vindicated. It was a bitter loss for Amazonia, and it led to the UN recognizing Aztlan’s gains and establishing a three-kilometer buffer between the nations’ borders. Amazonia has remained strong and proud over the years, and the war has become history.**
