---
id: SP-0201
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Kinshasa-Brazzaville, Congo Tribal Lands - Status: Disian Stronghold, Known
  Harvester Locations'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Kinshasa-Brazzaville, Congo Tribal Lands**

## **Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Locations**

**Before the Awakening, this was the third largest metropolitan area in Africa. After the Awakening, the surge in mana from local ley lines caused the local jungles to reclaim most of the area within a matter of days, forcing untold numbers of people into the now-Awakened jungle. Today, the city itself is a mass of old, broken buildings overcome with local fora and fauna; ninety-fve percent of those species are Awakened.**

**Local tribes consider the cities a combination of no-man’s-land and sacred site, where the ghosts of the displaced dead forever roam and protect their former home against all intruders. None except for local shamans or warriors on their rites of passage are allowed to enter Kinshasa. There are some reports, however, that banishment to the city is considered an almost-certain death sentence and one of the greatest punishments one can receive.**

- **It is, but some have been able to survive and are some of the most dangerous people you will ever meet.**

- **Goat Foot**

**Of course, the Disians care nothing about local superstitions or customs; Kinshasa is a potent magical site and perfect for not one but** _**two**_ **Harvester locations. After aerial bombing of the southwest and northeast sections of the city to clear most of the fora and buildings away, Disian forces moved in to begin construction approximately a year ago. Initial efforts were hampered by local spirits and tribes defending their sacred site. But reports indicate that a member of the Disian Highest Council and two from the Artifcer Caste were dispatched to the area and swiftly “removed all local problems.”**

**Since then, local tribes have kept their distance but still occasionally harass local mercenary and security forces by continuing to stage their coming-of-age rituals within the city limits. But instead of dealing with local spirits and animals, they now face soldiers with modern weapons and gear.**

- **Well, that’s one way to adapt.**

- **Scattershot**

- **It goes both ways—mercs and security pukes see the local tribes as “target practice.” There are also rumors that monsters are let loose from the city to go hunting as well. Anyone want to take a guess on what that could mean?**

- **Am-Mut**

- **A lot of contracts have been coming up, mostly escort details for negotiators to try to meet with local tribal leaders to coordinate efforts against the Disians, I would imagine. But so far, such efforts have been less than successful.**

- **The Mechanic**

- **Ya think?**

- **Haze**
