---
id: SP-0262
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: The Job
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Job**

**The target, Dana Hallow, will be traveling to an MCT research site outside of the city. Dana Hallow is an upper-level project manager working in manatech—technology that utilizes magic and science. She normally lives within an MCT Zero-Zone, and her destination is also a Zero-Zone, so this trip represents a unique opportunity to extract her while outside a secure MCT location. Weather forecast calls for a large thunderstorm that day, and Dana Hallow will be traveling via ground instead of by aircraft. Lucia says she has data that identifes Hallow’s vehicle, and that the route is predetermined. There are no reliable alternate routes due to the terrain and weather. Lucia doesn’t reveal how she got this information, claiming that would endanger her sources. In truth, her operative is an undercover Horizon agent embedded as an MCT security spider at the local corporate HQ. Lucia’s sources have scouted the route and selected three potential ambush points, all of which are outside the city. Due to the thunderstorm, wireless communication will be unreliable,**

**which should help prevent MCT from sending a high-threat response team to interfere with the PCs’ mission.**

**The catch is that the operational window is brief, and the trip will take place in two days. This gives the player characters little time to prepare. Lucia is willing to pay premium rates for the rush job, and if pressed will agree to provide up to 30,000 nuyen worth of equipment on loan. However, if lost, destroyed, or expended during the mission, ffty percent of the items’ value will be deducted from their fnal pay.**

**What Lucia doesn’t tell the players is that Dana Hallows is a Faustian, and her security team is made up of chimera. She withholds this information for three reasons: she doesn’t think the players will believe her, she doesn’t want to scare them off, and she doesn’t want to pay them as much as would be required to go up against such a hard target.**
