---
id: SP-0211
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Status: Contested'
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Status: Contested**

**Melbourne’s shadow community has always been relatively small, but the past few years has seen an infux of new members, most of them from outside of the country. This created a minor schism**



**that they’re chronically underequipped and more importantly undermanned. Grey Cell and other allies have tried to reach out to offer support, but so far any overtures have been rebuked.**

- **Grey Cell managed to establish a few outposts, mainly for intelligence gathering and coordinating with local operatives. But they were some of the first to be eliminated during the Week of Death. Attempts have been made to reestablish new ones, but to date those efforts have been unsuccessful.**

- **Rifleman**

- **Say what you will, but the Anzac Front has been proving to be a significant thorn in the Disians’ side. What they lack in numbers, they’ve made up for with grit and audacity. According to a contact of mine, at least three corporate and one government Faustians have been removed from the playing field in the last few weeks.**

- **Winterhawk**

- **Another concerning matter is that Disian experiments have already started to wreak havoc with the local manasphere. Storms have increased in both intensity and frequency and are spreading throughout Melbourne and the country. I think this is a taste of what is yet to come.**

- **Ethernaut**

- **Funny you mention that.**

- **Torrent**
