---
id: SP-0024
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: Information Control and Suppression
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Information Control and Suppression**

**Disian infltration has already been discussed at length, but that’s only the frst step in their incursion plans. Once infltration has been established, Disians move on to manipulating and suppressing information. As such, the Disians place agents and proxies in key positions to suppress any data regarding Dis.**

**==> picture [17 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SCOTOPHOBIA<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **Just another Tuesday.**

- **Stone**

- **Exactly. This is how it was so easy for the Disians to infiltrate us. It’s like our society was tailor-made for them to exploit. We already had the foundation and infrastructure in place. We might as well have left a welcome mat out for them.**

- **eX-Professor**

- **If we survive this, I may just go full neo-a. Getting REAL tired of this drek.**

- **Flash Banger**

- **I’ll get back to you.**

- **Old Crow**

**Their goal here is to ensure that their existence and machinations remain a secret to those who could oppose them. Disians prioritize secrecy, and everything is done with this in mind. If a problem arises, a Disian is tasked to deal with the problem. In turn, that Disian instructs their agents and assets to make the problem go away. Problems sometimes arise when an agent or asset does so in a way that threatens Disian secrecy.**

**As such, this recent burst of naked aggression, despite its clever veneer and spin in the media and information outlets, seems out of character because such actions garner a lot of attention. This is the kind of risk the Disians wouldn’t normally take, which leads me to believe that** _**something**_ **has changed.**

**Unfortunately, I don’t have any concrete data to back that feeling up … yet.**

- **Maybe they’re finally listening to their metahuman lackeys, fighting fire with fire.**

- **Cool Hand Duke**

- **My nuyen is on a little from column A, a little from column B, and mixed with drek from column C we haven’t heard about yet.**

- **> Orbital DK**

- **How do we know that the Disians haven’t been playing us, causing all our problems, all this time?**

- **Treadle**

- **Just my gut, but I don’t think they’re the cause of everything, at least not directly. More like they nudged here and there when it suited them, and definitely took advantage. But let’s face it, we’re more than capable of fragging things up on our own.**

- **> Sunshine**

- **We thought dragons played the long game, but it seems they have nothing on the Disians.**

- **eX-Professor**

- **My kind has forgotten that the universe eventually produces a better predator. Or in this case, those who play the game as well as, if not better than, we do.**

- **Orange Queen**
