---
id: SP-0212
source: Scotophobia
chapter: General
topic: 'Sydney, Australian Republic - Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Location'
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Sydney, Australian Republic**

## **Status: Disian Stronghold, Known Harvester Location**

**The following was passed on from the Draco Foundation, again by their agent “Moreau,” and highlights how serious the situation has become and** _**could**_ **become in the land down under:**

**“For decades now, Sydney has been under a perpetual manastorm. There are times when it dies down to a minimum, only to rise again. If you’ve never encountered a manastorm, count yourself lucky. In addition to dangerous weather conditions, strange spell-like effects occur randomly, most of which—but not all—are illusions. All attempts to reduce or dissipate this manastorm have failed … until recently.**

**“As you might imagine, Sydney is not one of the most popular places to live in Australia. Far from being abandoned, however, it’s still home to over three million people. Both Ares and Aztechnology maintain a strong presence there, with a smaller presence from the other megacorps. Over the past few months, the manastorm that perpetually covers Sydney has been dying down. The lulls have been lasting much longer and are calmer, and the more violent outbursts have been brief and milder. Aztechnology is taking credit for this, announcing**

**that they have set up several strategic mana-draining sites to free Sydney from the manastorm.**

**“As you might guess, these are almost certainly Disian Harvesting sites. I only have solid confrmation on one of the sites, and the team that gathered the intel was wiped out before they could escape. It makes sense, though. An area rife with excess mana is perfect for a Disian Harvesting operation.**

**“I’ve checked in with a variety of sources and have determined that the megacorps allied with the Disians have been stepping up their efforts in the continent down under, including several largescale operations openly claiming to be aimed at reducing the occurrence of manastorms. It’s a perfect plan for the Disians—not only will they get a foothold to suck the life out of our planet, but they’ll also be thanked for it in the process. If you’re at all up for doing some dangerous work in Australia, reach out to me through the Draco Foundation— we’re interested in hiring you.”**

- **I thought the DF was sitting out of this fight?**

- **Stone**

- **Not exactly.**

- **Silk**
