---
id: SRMG-0497
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: 'Gear:'
page: 84
authority_level: 1
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Gear:**

- Driver’s License

- Concealed Carry\*

- Bow Hunting License (Bows, Crossbows)

- Firearms

- Smartgun/Smartlink system

- Exotic Weapon (per weapon)

- Skilled Trade\*\*

- RCC (per RCC)

- Cyberjack

- Control Rig

- Cyberware (not including Cyberjacks and Control Rigs)

- Spellcasting\*\*\*

- Conjuring

- Alchemy\*\*\*\*

- Adept Abilities

- Power Foci

- Other Foci

- Metamagic (per Metamagic)

- Technomancy

* Conceal carry is for any weapon that is not plainly visible when carried. Remember, you’ll need a separate firearm license if the concealed weapon is a firearm.

\*\* Nearly every L designated piece of gear not otherwise requiring a license will fall under Skilled Trade in some form. B&E gear are legitimate tools of licensed locksmiths, for example.

\*\*\* A single license is required for all non-combat spells. Each combat spell requires its own license. Combat spells with a range of LOS(A) are illegal. Mental manipulation spells such as Mind Probe, Control Actions, and Control Thoughts are illegal. Agony and Chaos are illegal.

\*\*\*\* This license covers the practice of alchemy and the distribution of alchemical preparations. The alchemical preparations themselves are regulated and may be confiscated.



## **What happens if I am caught possessing, transporting, carrying, using a spell, etc. if I don’t have a license for it?**

Unless otherwise noted in the _Shadowrun Mission_ or CMP, it is up to the GM to decide. It may be something as simple as a small fine of 400-500¥ and confiscation of the offending item, all the way up to arrest and issuance of a criminal SIN (e.g. if used in connection with a crime). There are even nasty rumors of certain prisons removing illegal cyberware or keeping magicians in magemasks permanently.
