---
id: SRMG-0029
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: What are the plot hooks and themes for this Season?
page: 10
authority_level: 1
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What are the plot hooks and themes for this Season?**

New Orleans is a city steeped in magic and history. It’s a major shipping port and chemical processing center that interests the corps. And with that much nuyen being tossed around, the underbelly of the city is powerful. Vice and power are a currency all of their own. The runners are dropped into the middle of it.

The runs will take the team from the glitz and glamour of the French Quarter to the controlled corporate spaces in the Business Center. But it’s not all high life and fashion for the team as they will find they often need to go to the barrens of Cancer Alley. This sets the primary theme of the season where mankind’s push for profit and control is at war with the mystical powers of bayou and how nature is always fighting back.

There are three big events that will draw the runners in. Two local fashion houses are at war for the hearts, minds, and wallets of the people. But much lurks below the surface for these two corporations with their funding and their means of manufacturing that would make the public aghast if they knew the full story. But we all know about throwing stones at glass houses.

Organized crime has a major influence on the businesses in the city. They’ve set up controlling stakes in many of the restaurants, gambling halls, and local companies. But what happens when one of the syndicates is being run by a group or individual with more nefarious plans? What happens when there are two groups with ulterior motives.

A few years ago, a battle in the Mississippi River between two leviathans shook New Orleans. One clearly came out the winner but left the lesser to slink away back into the shadows. Losing never made anyone happy and often revenge is a dish best served cold. Is it time for the meal to be served?
