---
id: SRMG-0054
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: Can I hire my contacts to come on a shadowrun with me?
page: 15
authority_level: 1
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Can I hire my contacts to come on a shadowrun with me?**

Non-Missions specific contacts (the Contacts you made up) may be hired, so long as the GM agrees that contact is suitable for hiring. Contacts are presumed to have a professional rating equal to their Connection Rating and dice pools for core skills (determined by the GM) at Connection Rating x2.

While contacts may be willing to come out and help, they aren’t mindless minions and they’re not going to put themselves in excessive danger for you, no matter how much you’re paying. So while they will come along as backup and help out, you cannot use them as “10 extra boxes of ablative damage”. They won’t run in front and soak gunfire, and they won’t pull a suicidal distraction to help you get in the back door. They’ll offer up their expertise where necessary and will do their job well and competently, but that’s it. The GM can disallow a contact to perform certain actions or even opt to control the contact as an NPC.

GMs should only allow a contact to be available for hired if they are filling a role that the group is weak on. Hired Contacts should not be considered an ace-in-the-hole, they should be a last resort for when you’re screwed and need specialized help to complete a _Mission_ .

The contacts charge variable rates for their services based on your specific needs. Direct services from contacts tend to be quite expensive, so be prepared for sticker shock. You can spend Favor Points to reduce this by 10% per Favor Point spent, up to Loyalty/2 (round up). They cannot be hired and brought to the meet with Mr. Johnson as an extra team member. In other words, Mr. Johnson will NOT cover any of that fee. Hiring a contact to fill in is not cheap and should only be utilized as a last resort.

## **I’m playing a** _**Mission**_ **and there appears to be a narrative paradox; I have a Contact from a previous** _**Mission**_ **but the other players are telling me that he was killed in their last** _**Mission**_ **. Do I still have the Contact?**

Sometimes, there will be instances when characters have experienced very different versions of the same events or some will have participated in adventures that others haven’t. This can result in different dispositions for particular contacts relative to one player or another. When this occurs, the player who possesses the contact still has access to that contact and the player for whom that contact no longer exists should play it off as if the contact being used is different from the one they know to be dead. A little bit of hand-waving to move things along.
