---
id: SRMG-0064
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: Questions about Calendars, Downtime, and Advancement - How do we quantify the
  passage of time in Shadowrun Missions?
page: 17
authority_level: 1
tags:
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Questions about Calendars, Downtime, and Advancement**

## **How do we quantify the passage of time in Shadowrun Missions?**

Missions are written in chronological order and by canon will take place between January and December 2081. Since _Missions_ can be played in any order, we approach time as an abstraction. Instead of trying to determine exactly how much time is spent on a Mission or in between them, we make assumptions that runners will spend an average amount of time on various activities. This guides our approach to measuring time in Missions.

As the entire 2081 arc is expected to play over 24 SRMs, we make the assumption that our characters are involved in two such Missions each month. That means any monthly payments, such as Lifestyles, subscriptions, and the In Debt quality, will be made after your second Mission and every other Mission after that, regardless of what order you play them in.

At the end of the arc, after a 12 month in game period, you will have made 12 rent payments, paid at least the minimum amount into your debt 12 times (or paid it off), etc. The intent is served without any need to extrapolate exactly how much time individual characters are spending doing what.

This means we are including additional abstractions in concepts such as training times and the extent of downtime activities you can take between any two SRMs.
