---
id: SRMG-0496
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: 'APPENDIX E: LICENSES - How do fake licenses work in Shadowrun Missions ?'
page: 84
authority_level: 1
tags:
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **APPENDIX E: LICENSES**

## **How do fake licenses work in** _**Shadowrun Missions**_ **?**

A fake license must and may only be attached to a single SIN, whether fake or not. For example, if you own an Ares Predator V and have two different fake SINs, you need two fake licenses; one for each SIN. You may only acquire a license for an item with an L Availability designation. You cannot get a license for an I Availability item, ever. Some items do not have an L (or I) designation, but you may wish to “legally” conceal them, e.g. a combat knife or taser. In this situation, you would need to get a conceal carry permit.

If you have a valid, non-criminal, SIN, you may attach whatever license you want, free of charge (for the purposes of Missions). Keep in mind, however, that an item used in a crime that is associated with your real SIN opens you up to real trouble.

Licenses are technically valid only for the territory that ‘issued’ them, e.g. you have a fake Ares SIN with fake licenses attached to that SIN. The validity of these licenses can vary when operating outside of the jurisdiction of the issuing entity. Generally, nations will recognize megacorporate issued licenses (or those which appear to be corporate issued) as long as that nation permits extraterritoriality within their borders. For example, the UCAS permits megacorporate citizens with appropriate licenses to possesses/transport and even conceal carry. A megacorp may not recognize a national license. In cases where an entity refuses to accept a license, they will generally give the individual an opportunity to resolve the issue, perhaps escorting them from the premises or ‘temporarily’ confiscating the item in question.

There is generally no need to itemize licenses to individual items. For example, a single firearms license is enough to account for any and all licensable weapon that makes use of the Firearms skill. The below list is not exhaustive but contains nearly every licensing situation we can think of.
