---
id: SRMG-0027
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: What are the results of Season 2081?
page: 9
authority_level: 1
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What are the results of Season 2081?**

Don’t read this section if you are still planning on playing the season. In addition, your personal experience in play may have different results, but this represents the majority of tables at Origins and GenCon from 2020 to 2023.

They were three main story arcs that were part of Seattle. The first was with the Octagon triad. The team discovers that the head of the specific triad was in fact a blood shade who had replaced the original. The team wasn’t able to take him down during the first encounter, but luckily that wasn’t the only time they encountered David Gao. They discover that he is attempting to kidnap his last living relative which a team of runners prevented and then went on to his home to end the threat.

The second arc involved some corporate fighting. Omnistar and Ares were having a fight in the shadows as well as some internal fighting inside Omnistar. The internal fighting was all at the funding of Ares and Knight Errant trying for a bit of revenge at losing the contract to Seattle. On the other side, the runners were a pawn in the battle. KE never got the contract back, and Omnistar came out the other side on better footing.

The main arc was a shadow war between Donovan Pyke and his shadow chapters with the old school set of Johnsons and Fixers. The initial tactic of slowly bringing runners into the fold and offering incentives came to a head with an ambush at the Port of Seattle and a fight between the two groups. In the end, the shadow chapters got hit hard with Donovan Pyke and Eddie Wei dead. Ms. Snow has moved back to one of their other cities to continue Donovan’s work. St. James was critically wounded and has completely exited the shadow life.
