---
id: SRMG-0488
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: How much damage does the SR6 book do, anyway?
page: 78
authority_level: 1
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- toxins
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **How much damage does the SR6 book do, anyway?**

Less than the SR5 book.

## **What is the default sensor array for a vehicle or drone? If there is no factory stock sensor array, what are the guidelines for standard sensor arrays?**

For _Shadowrun Missions_ , each vehicle’s sensor rating is the equivalent of a sensor housing of the same rating. Customization is a big selling point for the corps, so you may choose whatever combination of sensors and rating you wish when purchasing a vehicle/drone as long as it does not exceed the capacity of the sensor housing. Some enterprising runners like to “acquire” vehicles from other sources and want to know what these “stock” vehicles have for sensors. Stock vehicles (any vehicle without the sensors specifically described) come with the following sensors at a rating equivalent to the vehicle or drone’s sensor rating:

- Sensor Rating 0: None. We suggest not running your Dodge Scoot on Autopilot.

- Sensor Rating 1: Camera w/ image link (DR2) (capacity 1)

- Sensor Rating 2: above + low-light vision and omni-directional mic with sound link (capacity 2)

- - Sensor Rating 3: above + flare compensation, spatial recognizer, and atmosphere sensor (capacity 3)

- Sensor Rating 4: above + laser range finder (capacity 4)

- Sensor Rating 5: above + motion sensor (capacity 5)

- Sensor Rating 6: above + ultrasound (capacity 6)

NOTE: The types of sensors on the vehicle will generally not impact sensor tests. This is meant to be a guide for those who wonder what type of sensors come with a vehicle.

## **With magic and drugs both considered "Augmentations" for the purposes of Augmented Maximums for Attributes, does this mean that they also count against the restrictions on cyberware or bioware?**

Yes, they do count against restrictions on cyberware and bioware. Note: initiative dice are not considered attributes, therefore, they can be increased with drugs up to a maximum of 5D6, except in cases where the rules specifically state they may not be further enhanced.

## **Will I be able to play my SRM character in SR: Anarchy Contract Briefs and transfer earned Karma and nuyen to the SRM Living Campaign?**

Only if they are approved as _Missions_ Legal. At this time, none of the Contract Briefs found in SR: Anarchy or the prototype release are considered _Missions_ Legal.
