---
id: SRMG-0296
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: 'Unique Spells:'
page: 49
authority_level: 1
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Unique Spells:**

- Pierce the Veil (Detection, Range: LOS(A), Type: P, Duration: I, DV 5) - Delving into magical effects often means seeing what is unseen. This spell strips away silence, invisibility, and improved invisibility. Each hit removes one level of invisibility or silent, including the improved status.

- Hex Device (Combat: Direct, Range: LOS, Type: P, Duration: I, DV 5) - Someone was probably reading too much early fiction about magic when they created this spell to damage electronics. The spell does matrix damage equal to hits and is resisted by Object Resistance - 6 (p. 129, _6WE_ ).

- Soften Stone (Manipulation, Range: Touch, Type: P, Duration: S, DV 4) - Originally created to help in mining Orichalcum, the spell has been repurposed to weaken concrete and be able to create new entrances to older buildings. Each net hit versus Object Resistance (p. 129, _6WE_ reduces the Structure Rating by 1 but also increases the drain by 1.

**Description:** Seattle University origin as a Jesuit Catholic university experienced an upheaval with the return of magic. While it took time for Seattle U to move from its Catholic view into other magical traditions, they brought those in as areas for study. The Order of the Redhawk formed in the early 2060’s to gain greater understanding of magical abilities across different traditions. The group really started making major gains after 2074, when Professor Vincent Grisome joined the university and started bringing in other Seattle community members.
