---
id: SRMG-0042
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: 'Character Audit:'
page: 13
authority_level: 1
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Character Audit:**

Gamemasters may do a character audit before a game session and they may disallow the character if they do not follow the rules for creation and progression, whether those are from rulebooks or the Guide. Please do not abuse the system, see the above rule _In Players, We Trust_ .

**Can I make changes to my character after the character has played in an official event (Mulligan Rule)?** Yes, provided you adhere to the following:

**Conventions/game day events:** Sometimes you make a brand-new character for a convention/game day event and after playing it, discover it wasn’t really what you wanted or it needs some tweaks. Sometimes you get in on a First Taste event which uses pre-gens and you can’t get into a Build-A-Runner Workshop and use the pre-gen the entire convention. For conventions/game day events, we prefer you make any changes/tweaks as soon as you have free time. However, we also realize this may not be possible. Officially, you may make any changes/tweaks to that character after the convention/game day event is over, but before that character participates in another _Shadowrun Mission_ (SRM/CMP/SMH/PM). If you had a pre-gen or a character which simply did not work for you, you may take any Karma and nuyen earned and apply it to a new character. For example: CT comes up with this awesome idea in her head about a character concept and she creates that character for an upcoming convention. Unfortunately, within the first couple of _Missions_ , she realizes she does not enjoy the concept and just can’t get into the character. Since she loves Shadowrun, she’s booked herself for every time slot available and doesn’t even have a chance to eat, let alone make a new character. She saves her character journal and creates a new character when she gets home, applying the results of her previous Missions to the new character, even though it hasn’t played a single _Mission_ yet..

**FLGS:** As above, sometimes you have an idea in your head and create a character, but sit down at your first _Mission_ and discover you don’t like the character. You may make tweaks/changes (or a new character) after the first Shadowrun _Mission_ (SRM/CMP/SMH/PM), but before that character participates in another _Shadowrun Mission_ .

**New Players:** Players that are identified as new to _Shadowrun Missions_ can mulligan their character until their fourth _Mission_ , unless they would otherwise be covered under the rules for Convention/game day events. There are no restrictions and the character can be mulliganed multiple times. Once they begin their fourth _Mission_ , that character is locked in and no further mulligans are allowed.
