---
id: SRMG-0292
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: Turgan Mangu - For more information, see Street Wyrd, p. 138.
page: 138
authority_level: 1
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Turgan Mangu**

## _**For more information, see Street Wyrd, p. 138.**_

**Connection:** 5 **Connection Type:** Magical **SRM Contact:** Trubble

**Unique Spells:**

- Subtle Trace (Manipulation, Range: LOS, Type: M, Duration: Limited, DV 3) - This spell magically marks a target for following by someone that can view the astral plane. The mark lasts for a number of hours equal to the net hits on the test. It is subtle enough to not be picked up on a glancing assensing, but obvious enough to those who look for it (3 hits).

- Mindnet (Detection, Range: LOS(A), Type: M, Duration: S, DV 4) - Developed so that teams could be in communication even throughout a technology failure (that happens regularly in the Underground), Mindnet allows a group of voluntary people to communicate freely, exchange thoughts and images, and emote as long as they are still a part of the spell. This spell uses the same limitations and resistance as Mindlink ( _SR6_ , p. 135).



- Voltaic Fence (Manipulation, Range: LOS(A), Type: P, Duration: S, DV 8) - A modified version of a physical Barrier spell, this spell creates a physical barrier and imbues it with an electrical charge. Primarily developed for controlling the paracritters in the Feral Underground tunnels, it has proved itself effective at containing/deterring critters (awakened and mundane), spirits, and metahumans of all shapes and sizes from advancing through it. If a creature, spirit, or metahuman contacts the barrier, they must resist Magic / 2 P damage (round up, but the Amp Up effect can be applied), if all the damage isn't resisted, they also gain the Zapped condition (6WE, p109). The spell creates a two-meter by-two-meter by two centimeters thick barrier, usually stylized as a chain link fence. The Increase Area effect can be added to add up to two meters in length and width (but not depth) for each time the effect is chosen. The barrier can be shaped as desired by the caster.
