---
id: SRMG-0031
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: 'SECTION 5: CHARACTER CREATION - Character Creation'
page: 11
authority_level: 1
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **SECTION 5: CHARACTER CREATION**

## **Character Creation**

Creating a character is done using the standard priority system presented in the _Shadowrun: Sixth World_ core rulebook. Be sure you have the latest rulebook printing or the latest errata (https://www.shadowrunsixthworld.com/resources/). Please see the appropriate section to see if additional character creation methods released in expansion material are allowed for _Shadowrun Missions_ . Unless otherwise noted in this Guide, no rule marked “Optional” or listed as being “At the Gamemaster’s discretion” will be used for official _Shadowrun Missions_ play. All other expansion material will be allowed once its release grace period has elapsed (see below).

When creating a character for _Shadowrun Missions_ , one thing to keep in mind is when playing at conventions or in Open Play games, you never know who or what is going to show up at the table. Nor can you be certain a given adventure will focus on one particular aspect of the game. Because of this, it’s usually not in your best interest to hyper-specialize a character. Gamemasters do their best to keep all players engaged in the adventure and story, but if your character only does one thing, it doesn’t matter how well they do that thing if it’s not useful to the adventure or if there are four other characters who are all able to do that thing as well. Keep flexibility and diversity in mind when designing a new character.
