---
id: SRMG-0025
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: What are the plot hooks and themes for this Season?
page: 9
authority_level: 1
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What are the plot hooks and themes for this Season?**

At the end of 2080, after a series of blackouts across the country caused many to question the efficacy of the UCAS government, the Emerald City, under the leadership of Governor Corinne Potter, seceded from the UCAs and declared themselves the Free City of Seattle.

The action made waves throughout the world and the economic melting pot buzzes with potential. From the boardrooms to the shadows, all eyes are on Seattle and whatever the next move will be. Will the city find a prosperous place in the world’s financial order, or will it fall flat on its face, to be picked over by the scavengers?

The shadows have never been busier and new powers are rising to take advantage of the bountiful nuyen flowing in the city’s dark corners. While the heavy hitters and penthouse schemers scramble to control whatever they can, a new generation of deniable assets creep from the shadows, ready to take a slice of the pie for themselves. New faces and new places contest for a place at a table steeped in tradition and history. Seattle is long regarded as the shadowrunning capital of the world, after all.

Poised behind the scenes, an unseen force is sending ripples across the shadow community. Whatever they’re up to, it’s generating a lot of cred for the right people. Some of that is bound to fall in your lap and that can’t be a bad thing, but you’ll have to make up your own mind about whether it’s a good one. Better build your network.

Watch your back. Shoot straight. Conserve ammo. And never, ever deal with a dragon.
