---
id: SRMG-0013
source: Shadowrun Missions Guide v2.4
chapter: General
topic: What are NERPS?
page: 5
authority_level: 1
tags:
- gear
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What are NERPS?**

NERPS is an acronym for Non-Essential Role-Playing Supplement. We use the term in Shadowrun to brand any items or services that you can expect to find, but do not warrant inclusion in the gear section of the sourcebooks. Items such as toothpaste, transparent tape, carpentry tools or services such as a plumber, food delivery service, or suburban landscapers. Basically, a fictional, all-purpose brand name for whatever



random products you might require. They’re great for breakfast, can cure your cough, are good luck, can remove stains, whiten teeth, improve your gas mileage, and are good for what ails you!

You can gain a point of NERPS for each Shadowrun themed object. The only caveat is for items that belong as part of a set. Having the dice set doesn’t get you 6 NERPS and having a pair of socks doesn’t get you 2 NERPS. You also get NERPS for having any physical Shadowrun rulebooks, supplements, or game aids; and one for each type of promotional item you may have received at a Convention.

Promotional items can be made by Catalyst Game Labs, the Catalyst Demo Team, or even other players so long as the item is very specifically Shadowrun themed (has the Shadowrun Logo, the Missions Logo, or the fictional Logo or name of one of the Megacorporations, fictional Nations, or easily identified groups in the Shadowrun World), and is a permanent and collectible (of very limited release) object. If the identifying features can be easily removed or the item can be destroyed without tools and with minimal effort, it does not count.

NERPS cannot be saved from one _Missions_ game to the next. Use it or lose it! But it is possible to earn new NERPS at subsequent _Missions_ for the same thing. For example, if you play in three _Missions_ adventures at GenCon in a single day while wearing an awesome _Shadowrun_ t-shirt, you’ll earn a NERPS point at each of the _Missions_ to which you wear that shirt.
