---
id: SS-0073
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'Dutchville: New Kind of Ghost Town'
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dutchville: New Kind of Ghost Town

When this first got my attention, I snagged a few files regarding Dutchville from the city’s own Matrix node, mostly for some background material. I’m glad I did, because I’m starting to think I have the last files that prove Dutchville ever existed.

Well, I might as well put some pertinent data out now for the rest of us.

Before August 10, 2080, Dutchville had a population of approximately 26,470. It was recognized as a city (from township) on September 4, 2058.

The township (later city) was first started in 2056, the result of an influx of citizens to the area when an intermodal transportation hub, owned by Wuxing Worldwide Shipping and operated by subsidiary Overland Distributors, completed construction earlier that year. Before this, the area was mostly known for its large number of agro-farm co-ops and some of the few remaining family-owned farms in the region. Because of the large amount of farms, there was twice the normal amount of roads for such a rural area. These roads were later upgraded when Overland set up shop. Aside from the hub, Dutchville was also a popular rest area for travelers using I-80 and other nearby roadways.

As Overland grew as a company and gained regional prominence, Dutchville’s population kept pace. Soon, Dutchville had all the box stores, shops, and everything that comes along with a growing pseudo-corporate town. Now, it’s all gone. GPS and mapsofts don’t recognize it; it’s just another patch of roads near the highway.

And no one knows how or why.
