---
id: SS-0204
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

The Cottingley League is a recently formed group, headed by Linda Frances Moore, a descendent of Frances Griffiths, one of the two girls who perpetrated the Cottingley Fairies hoax in 1917 and 1920. A mage who specializes in summoning, she received her training at Edgar Cayce’s Association for Research and Enlightenment in Virginia Beach, where the League is currently based. Though still associated with Edgar Cayce’s A.R.E. herself, the A.R.E. does not sponsor or assist with the Cottingley League’s activities in any way.

- Don’t be so sure about that.

- Winterknight

- What makes you say that?

- Ethernaut

- He pays attention.

- Bifrost

- Oh, it’s you again. Why do you keep showing up when we’re talking about the fae?

- Ethernaut

- It’s what I do. I know things and share them.

- Bifrost

Moore assembled the Cottingley League from a few interested members of the A.R.E. staff, and the organization quickly grew. It found interested parties in several cities, most notably Seattle, DeeCee, Denver, and Cheyenne. Their recruiting efforts occur mostly via social networking and other Matrix channels. Anyone expressing interest in the fae may be approached, especially if the subject has magical ability.

Most notably, Moore has reached out to those factions of the Seelie Court that are seeking to grow relations with metahumanity. It is currently unknown whether any of those factions have responded.

- It’s known.

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SLIP STREAMS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- Bifrost

- People are so quick to forget the Darktooth? This makes me weep for this world.

- Orange Queen

- Then please, enlighten us.

- Ethernaut



- The Comet faction jumped at the opportunity, sending a few members to assist the League. They’re keeping it quiet because Comet doesn’t want their association to be publicly known. I’m not sure why.

- Bifrost

- Wow, a straight answer. Are you sure you’re fae?

- Ethernaut

- Never said I was fae. I just know their world.

- Bifrost
