---
id: SS-0202
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '> Picador'
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Picador

In addition to spreading the gospel to other regions of the world, the Children of the Dragon are heavily involved in metaplanar exploration. David Dragonson is a high-level initiate who has traversed some of the most dangerous and farflung metaplanes in search of the plane of his god. While his searches have never revealed the divinity he seeks, they have borne fruit in other forms. The Children of the Dragon have been working with various other organizations to publish their findings, which they happily give away. The Yellowstone event was a big moment for many of the organizations that seek to further understand the metaplanes. While many of these organizations have launched exploratory expeditions into the calamity, the Children of the Dragon have used this opportunity to further research the now-closed Watergate Rift. They are planning on a major expedition to get past the defenses and attempt to open the Rift so that they can maybe find Dunkelzahn. They believe that the recent spate of magical energy has given them an opportunity to emulate the effects that created the Rift in the first place.

- Wait, so these guys want to create a massive explosion in Foggy Bottom? And they’re okay with the collateral damage because they believe that it’s warranted, or what? Ghost take all zealots.

- **>** Kay St. Irregular

One other area of interest has grown out of a recent dispute between Nadja Daviar of the Draco Foundation and Hestaby, the now-ousted dragon of Mount Shasta. There were concerns that this dispute would ripple through the Children of the Dragon, much like how Ghostwalker’s appearance created the Church of the Dragon Reborn. The fact is that Dragonson is getting up there in age, and Dunkelzahn is a history lesson to most of the church’s newest members. Hestaby is a dragon that they have grown up with, and they see her as more relatable than a dragon whose most noteworthy interactions with them are through history trids.
