---
id: SS-0071
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'Disappearance: III Corps Last Deployment'
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Disappearance: III Corps Last Deployment

Before we get too much into current events and general weirdness regarding this whole situation, let’s all get on the same page with a brief history recap.

While most of the UCAS (and the world for that matter) were being fed a steady diet of sanitized and sufficiently spun news regarding the events in Detroit, sometime before August 8, 2080, UCAS President Angela Colloton sent orders to the Pentagon authorizing a complete mobilization of the UCAS Army’s III Corps under the operational code name of “Task Force Peacemaker,” in a powerful move of straight-faced irony. Their orders were simple: As swiftly and efficiently as possible, travel to Detroit and conduct a reconnaissance-in-force. Then, bring whatever situation there under control by any and all means necessary, no matter what or who the opposition may be.

- For anyone who didn’t get the hint, that meant take out anyone who wasn’t UCAS. Their Rules of Engagement also included orders to take out all non-UCAS combatants, including any corporate forces. Let the implications for that sink in for a few minutes.

- Picador

- Still can’t believe that Colloton had the guts to cut such orders in the first place.

- Bangswitch

- In a way, the White House dodged a politically lethal bullet in regards to Peacemaker. Had they actually engaged Ares corporate forces, the ramifications with the Corporate Court would have been earthshattering.

- Legal Eagle

- Considering everything that happened, that may have been considered a mercy killing.

- Mr. Bonds

By approximately 0500 on August 8, Peacemaker had finished mobilization from their bases along the East Coast of the UCAS and was moving hard toward Detroit. There’s no doubt that given the level of insanity that eventually went down in the Motor City, had Task Force Peacemaker intervened, things undoubtedly would have turned out quite differently. Thing is, we’ll never know how, because III Corps never made it to Detroit.
