---
id: SS-0178
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Uncovering the Black Lodge
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Uncovering the Black Lodge

I grew up in a small town near the grounds of the Osnabrück Pagan Temple. Beside the temple is a small chantry chapel that is quite public, but rarely visited by anyone. When I was seven, I asked about the chantry. My mother told me it belonged to the Black Lodge, and I should speak no more of it. I suspect others like me have had similar experiences. You’ve heard the name Black Lodge. Everyone knows the group’s name, but fewer people believe they actually exist. They hide in plain sight and keep people guessing at shadows. Perhaps you were told stories of secret rituals carried out in the dead of night. They exist in the same breath as the boogeyman and Santa Claus—a construct often spoken of in terms of the meaning projected by the speaker. I believe this is what makes the Black Lodge so misunderstood. Even as I write this, I don’t begrudge the Lodge for what happened to me. You must understand what drives them in order to appreciate their methods.

The Lodge recruits heavily from post-doctoral magic programs, often under the guise of high-nuyen research grants. Once they get a potential member in their sights, they perform an extensive deep dive on their family history, relationships, and any other thread they can pull on to find out what makes them get up in the morning, and how that information can best be used to promote the Lodge’s true purpose. It was in this fashion the Lodge found me and manipulated me toward their cause.

Despite that, I am not writing this purely out of revenge or a deeper need to do good. I realize that publishing this document means not only my death but exposing allegiances that threaten my father’s safety. But he made his choices, and if this sliver of truth can help advance our understanding of the Lodge and what they have helped to unleash, then I have done a service to my colleagues and to the positive exploration of magic.

- It’s like he is trying to sound selfless and wholesome, but at the core it’s really a giant fuck you to his father.

- /dev/grrl

- Not entirely. Wagner-Blake’s record is squeaky clean. He consistently avoided funding and research he saw as a corruption of what he felt magic ought to be and stand for. In truth, he’s been a bit of a pain in the ass for folks like me trying to carve out a small profit moving magical finds. His philosophies seem more aligned with the Illuminates of the New



Dawn than they do the Black Lodge. That could be why he decided to speak out, and ultimately what led to him being killed.

**>** Am-mut

**>** Okay, so now we are treating IOND as the benevolent magic users of the world?

**>** Winterhawk

There is a divergence of philosophies growing within the Lodge. The threads of this can be seen as high as the Lodge of Mordred, though the structure of the Black Lodge suggests that awareness of this divergence, or at least the powers that give voice to it, goes much higher. There is talk of rogue lodges whose explorations into magic differ from the mission of the order as a whole. There is a growing rumor that members at the highest level are no longer in agreement on how the order should proceed. In spite of all this, the work continues. The events that transpired in Toronto a few months ago were created in part by the manipulations of the Black Lodge. Evidence of the Black Lodge is everywhere around us, hiding as it always has: in plain sight.
