---
id: SS-0043
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<Straight to the Point: Dagger>'
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <Straight to the Point: Dagger>

I got word from a local contact on a rather unique opportunity in the city. This individual got word of a fixer in Denver that got a multipart contract involving the mapping, tracking, and creation of metaplanar portals across the FRFZ. He was happy with the nuyen but unhappy with the contractor and thus decided to put some of those resources back into discovering the source of the contract. It wasn’t exactly the most straightforward investigation, and he didn’t manage to come up with a lot of leads, but throughout his contractors’ efforts, they kept seeing a reference to something called “dis.” KC shared her dissonant’s intel, and he’s trying to reconcile the two, but he hasn’t come up with any solid connections yet.

From what he was willing to share, I got a portion of a ritual that uses sacrifice magic to sustain metaplanar gateways as well as hold alchera in place for longer than intended. The resulting extension of their stay seems to have had an adverse effect on the surrounding manascape. The alchera starts to pull mana from the surrounding regions into itself in order to sustain its presence beyond its normally allotted expiration. The larger the alchera, the greater the sacrifice, and the more mana it pulls from the local region.

**>** I really wanted to push this one down into the crazy stories pile, but the connection is solid. Plus, I’ve investigated two of these on the back end and found it all true. The potential damage on a large scale is a bit terrifying. I would hope others are able to realize how toxic a path this is, but money and power are hard to look past for the average runner. Consider the long term. All that money will be worthless in a global catastrophe, and that is what things like this could lead to down the road. **>** Kellan Colt
