---
id: SS-0170
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Plane of Dis
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Plane of Dis

- I’m a little disturbed that you know so much about a place many of us had never heard of until now. Feels like you’re keeping secrets.

- Lyran

- Of course I am.

- Frosty

- Dis sits in an uncanny reality, so close to ours but askew, twisting the eye, disturbing the senses. It fools you into thinking you can understand it.

- Man-of-Many-Names

- MoMN has been there, too. Are you going to lecture him about holding information from you?

- Frosty

- I always assume he is.

- Lyran

- I’ve been there, and while Fianchetto may be right about our memo writer’s lack of diplomatic skills, their observations are accurate. Their categorization of Nativists, Traders, and Apocalyptics is overly simplistic, but I can’t deny those three strains of thought exist in significant amounts in the city.

- Frosty

- Descriptions of Dis keep focusing on the city part, but what kind of land is outside the city?

- Traveler Jones

- Nothing. The city is the plane, and the plane is the city. It ends in unclimbable, impenetrable walls, or a swirling mist that puts you right back where you were if you attempt to jump into it. It’s tremendously large—most attempts at mapping it put it at over 250,000 square kilometers. I should note that those attempts invariably fail, as they are full of indeterminate grey areas, and many of the areas they have mapped have altered since the map was made. Yet while the streets and buildings are given to change, none of the locals ever seem confused about directions. They are tremendously annoying.

- Frosty

- Cities without farms and ranches die.

- Nephrine

- First, the city is infinitely complicated, with farms in abandoned lots, vertical farms, and other creative ways to use space. Second, magic. Never underestimate it. Dis has more spellcasters per capita than we do, and some of them are enslaved to produce the city’s needs. If you know of a spellcaster that went missing when visiting Dis, there’s a decent chance they’re in the food factories. And if they are, you should free them. Those places are horrible.

- Frosty
