---
id: SS-0169
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'the lowdown: astral space preservation society'
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## the lowdown: astral space preservation society

Initially formed by a bequest from the will of the great dragon Dunkelzahn, the ASPS eventually separated themselves from the Dunkelzahn Institute for Magical Research and the Draco Foundation to find their own way. Their diverse funding base includes the great dragon Hestaby, and among their 150 members are some who are considered the world’s foremost experts on astral space. Their dedication to preserving the integrity of astral space has led them to directly taking on those they see as threats, including their ongoing bounty for insect spirits and shedim. The organization has been led since 2060 by Ibu Air, a free spirit.

- I’m always relieved that they haven’t figured out how to charge us for air.

- Nephrine

- By all means.

- Elijah

- Clearly you don’t live in a city where filter masks are everyday wear, and the rich buy fancy ones that look good with whatever outfit they’re wearing.

- Chainmaker



This is not a new area of work. One reason we have had to fight so hard against toxic mages messing up the manasphere was that some of the corps were subsidizing them. This is the most direct way to a scarcity paradigm—weaken the manasphere enough so that fewer and fewer have access to it. It took them longer than it should to notice the obvious weaknesses in this scheme, namely that it only works well if you can guarantee your Awakened individuals can stay in places they control, where the mana is fresh and healthy. We all know that the world does not allow us to operate like that frequently, and if you’re destroying mana that you might eventually need, then you’re systematically hoisting yourself on your own petard. Corporate toxic mages still exist, of course, as they still have multiple roles to play, but we’ve noticed that they’re more focused on aspecting the manasphere than simply ripping it apart. It’s a small benefit, but still worth something.

Their strategies have changed. There are at least two ways to make people poor: take away their wealth, or simply make what they have worth less. For a while, toxic mages were aimed at accomplishing the former. The corps are now more focused on the latter.

The key to understanding this is that, like most commodities, you are only truly rich in mana when you compare what you have to what others have. This sounds crass, but it’s just simple reality. Your army of one hundred soldiers is fine until it meets an army of five hundred. A car with two hundred horsepower will do well in races, right up until it meets a car with three hundred horsepower. And a spellcaster using normal levels of mana does just fine until they run up against a spellcaster who seems to have perpetually double the amount of mana to draw upon. If that happens regularly enough, the spellcaster who had felt wealthy enough when it came to mana will begin to feel poor.

- Are we saying that all the mana manipulations the corps are looking into are about nothing more than money?

- Rainbow

- Maybe, but that would be because to the corps, there is nothing more than money. Money buys things, people, governments, weapons, and anything else you need. Money is everything, in the hands of those who know how to use it. Does anyone doubt that the Big Ten knows how to use it?

- Cosmo

The plan, as far as we have been able to determine, is that corporate mages who are part of this effort will go into the field with a significant advantage because they can pull in extra mana, either through the people accompanying them or

**==> picture [78 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// BAD MOJO<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


through distortions to the mana field that benefit them. Once they show that they regularly go out with greater power, they’ll move to the next stage: Introduce a product. It likely will be a high-end product, because it loses its value if everyone gets it. Wealthy mages will have a reasons to give the participants in this project gobs of money, while the corporate spellcasters involved will also maintain a power edge over most of the Awakened people in the world.

The morality and ethics of this aside, I cannot conceive of a way that this will be good for the astral plane. It’s possible it won’t be exceptionally bad, but that’s the best we can hope for. We know astral space bends and warps under strain, and the means we have been observing will put quite a strain on it. Given that the astral plane is still experiencing effects from the Great Ghost Dance of more than six decades ago, it’s very difficult to imagine just what effects will hit the astral plane and beyond and how long they will last.

The simple fact is we cannot wait to find out what these effects will be. We cannot let the people working on these projects feel that success is a possibility. We need to discourage them as powerfully as possible. As I hope will be clear to everyone, this will not be accomplished through strongly worded memos or protests. They must be directly undermined.

- ASPS going against megacorps? That contest isn’t at all close. I gotta find someone who will let me bet in the corps in this one, because that’s easy money.

- Slamm-0!

- Wait. Read on.

- Elijah

We could not do this on our own, of course. We need allies. Fortunately, we have them. Everyone reading this should know about the five allies we have (in this area and this area only): Blackstone, Filament, Loesser, Peach, and Wolf Kingdom. If those names mean nothing, then you don’t have a high enough clearance to be reading this. You can read on if you want, but you won’t be able to understand what we’re talking about. Those who know, will know.

Collectively, we’ve taken to referring to the five allies’ partnership with us as the Concord. While the individual goals of each members are various (occasionally directly in conflict), we are united by the idea that the likely end results of the efforts we are seeing would be to give certain groups a strong edge over when it comes to magic and to distort the manasphere, possibly beyond repair. Each member of the Concord has a strong reason for not wanting to see that happen.

The divergence of talent within the Concord allows us to take on a wide variety of approaches. Obviously, I won’t connect individual Concord members to specific tasks, but here are some of the tasks we can undertake with the expertise and resources we have at our disposal:

- Extensive investigatory powers that could help expose criminal aspects of this particular magical research, leading to possible prosecution of those involved;

- Astral repair work beyond our normal capabilities to undo any damage they inflict, or access to those who can damage the astral plane to interfere with constructs they may be developing;

- Access to Corporate Court filings normally not released to the public;

- Reagent gathering, harvesting, and processing information that can help us repair damage;

- New developments in healing and protective magic; and

- Direct assaults on organizations involved in twisting magic to punish them until they stop, including compromising or completely eliminating key personnel.

Those are obviously broad descriptors that need specific plans. That is our work going forward.

As part of that work, we need to stay current as to the requirements our allies have put upon us, as they are evolving and (fortunately) subject to negotiation. Here is where the requirements stand at this moment:

- Peach and Blackstone have conclusively stated that there are no obstacles to them being involved in the same operations—the past is the past, and most of the people working with us weren’t involved in the previous difficulties anyway.

- It likely goes without saying, but Filament will have no front-line roles.

- Loesser is not as skittish as we thought they might be. We can throw them into rough work, just not the most direct corporate assaults.

- Wolf Kingdom’s value is going to be incredible. The information sources they can provide are numerous and multi-variate, and their access is impressive. Our main caution is to avoid over-using them.

- The relationship between Wolf Kingdom and Filament is complicated and occasionally hostile. Neither is openly admitting to this, but an organization as wily as Filament demands caution. They could agree to work with Wolf Kingdom simply as a way of leading them into a trap to serve one of their many other goals.

- At the risk of being obvious, Peach and Loesser will be strongest when it comes to planning, and Wolf Kingdom will excel atimplementation. Filament and Blackstone are the wild cards, with diverse skill sets but a lack of clarity as to how far they are willing to commit to this cause.

That is where the situation is at present. We are in the strongest position we have ever been, but we are also about to wage a larger war than we have ever fought. We cannot be prepared enough.

- Now you know the scope of this whole affair, though plenty of details are left to be filled in. I trust you all have information that I don’t know, and now is the time to share. With the help of the admins, I’ve provided a bunch of headers to help organize the conversation. Have at it.

- Elijah
