---
id: SS-0025
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'Day 41:'
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Day 41:

Our arcanists are gone. I’m not sure how I will study this, but I think they taught me enough. The moon is the key. Phases, astrology, angles, rises, falls. Luna is not the path to madness but instead the course to illumination. Wisdom in the clarity of pure thought rather than the placement of patterns from an old life. I will come from this a pure being or be obliterated peacefully in the errors of my perceptions. We cannot seek to know our past without erasing our present and embracing the times from which we came in a pure form.

The light of the full moon will cleanse me, and I will step onto the path of knowledge as a newborn, clear in mind and open to all ideas that are put before me in clear and present purpose.

- And then “Also sprach Zarathustra” played in the background.

- Cosmo

- I have studied cases where pure mundanes (those with no cyber or major injuries) often touch magic in places with unique arcane properties. This area may be one such location. The trouble is usually a lack of training. With only a small semblance of control to weave the spells, the risk of harming yourself is immense. For a brief background, these entries were pulled from what

- remained of a burned and bloody journal traded to a fellow archaeologist who sent the data on to me. A local tribe acquired this and several other parts of the expedition’s gear and traded it for supplies and sweets. The archaeologist who sent it to me

wasn’t in the area for the same thing, but we nerdy types like to collect and distribute all sorts of data.

Based on how much of the journal remained after the last readable entry, I don’t think the author made it to the full moon. **>** Kellan Colt

- A likely scenario is a classic one. A person, in this case, our author, is touched by a power that drives him mad. This contact may have given him powers, or simply taken his mind. Many are driven mad by the touch of otherworldly powers, especially when the energies are derived from another metaplane. The mana coming across carries the astral signature of its native plane and does not merge well with ours.

**>** Lothan the Wise
