---
id: SS-0056
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: My Honor to Serve, Wethenishen
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## My Honor to Serve, Wethenishen

If I read this right, everything we’re facing up here on the dirt is also happening below the waves. We have a lot of resources and research going on up here, but the Sea Dragon, while likely the wealthiest being on the planet, does not have the resources at her disposal to deal with the number of events happening. Their seclusion beneath the water fills me with concern as well. How many events are the agents of the Sea Dragon missing because of the vastness of the Earth’s waters and the sparseness of life compared to the dirt? Which actually makes me wonder what’s happening out in the deep wilds, but that is well outside my efforts for this little report.

Even though I don’t have a lot of solid data, I hope this offers enough clues to keep everyone wary and on the lookout. Stay safe out there.

- Take AJ’s views on the arcane with a grain of salt—his “friends” that open the astral to him are called “astral dream” and “aurora blaze-ya-ass-off” on the streets. He’s got a deepweed habit. I respect his history, he deserves the break, but I’m not sure he’s the “journalist” he was back inside the lockdown.

- **>** Butch

- Not exactly a habit, but you can think what you want. AJ did a good bit of digging, and St. Louis is a hotspot for some of these events. The hardest part is that it’s just now recovering from the blackout and its own bid for independence. Events in and around the region appeared to be in check, but that message and subsequent decrease in sightings of the Sea Dragon means that city is going to need more help to deal with whatever this is.

- **>** Lothan the Wise
