---
id: SS-0140
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: See the world, break new ground, get published!
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## See the world, break new ground, get published!

Pentacle Press is proud to announce a bold new venture in magical research, one that gives Awakened individuals the chance to make their mark with Pentacle and the entire Sixth World! Your observations on magical phenomena could make you famous and catapult you into the ranks of the magical elite. Here’s how it works:

Alchera, the overlapping of a metaplane with our reality, are one of the remarkable phenomena of our world. While we know they exist, we know little about how they function—or even how long they endure when they appear. We need brave, talented Awakened to go into the field, observe these phenomena, and report on what they see. We’ll review any and all reports that come in, and the very best of them will be included in our forthcoming book, _Realms of the Unreal._ That means full payment and credits, which means you join the elite ranks of published Pentacle writers!

Maybe you’re not an author, or a researcher. Maybe you don’t think you have what it takes to conduct field research. We’re here with a simple message: Give it a shot! Our guidelines and templates make it easy for just about anyone to try! Contact us today, and start on your journey to becoming a Pentacle person!

- Crowdsourcing has some merits, but I’m dubious about this proposal when they go out of their way to point out that no one needs to have any qualifications. How do they know they’ll get anything of use? Isn’t there a strong chance they’ll have to wade through a lot of drek in order to find anything worthwhile?

- X-Prime

- Let’s talk about what this is and what it ain’t. It definitely ain’t the best way to gather information about alchera, so that means it ain’t legit. Look, there are a hundred skilled practitioners that would be happy to take some of Pentacle’s cash (I know they have my number). They could get a lot better results reaching out to us than just doing a cattle-call, so that means they want something besides good results. So what do they want? First, they want coverage. They will cover a lot more alchera

- with this open call than they would by reaching out to a few researchers.

- Second, they want to be cheap. Most of the people who

- submit stuff won’t get paid, but Pentacle will still have whateverthey submit. Those who eventually get paid—assuming the book actually happens—will get far lower rates than the pros would receive.

Third, they avoid some questions. The pros know how research works, and they would ask all sorts of questions about design and purpose and whether the two match. Most of the masses will just go out and do what Pentacle asks.

Fourth is a thing we all know about: insulation. Pentacle isn’t sending their best people on this job. They may not be sending anyone they remotely care about. So if something bad happens to them on the job—oh well! Drek happens!

**>** Lothan the Wise

- So they want lots of information on alchera, and they want to go broad, not deep. And they also think there may be dangers involved, so they don’t want to risk any of their best people. Elijah, anything else to add?

- Lyran

- All that squares with my evaluation and knowledge. I think that Mitsuhama knows that Aztechnology is interested in metaplanar phenomena, but they don’t know why. They’re playing catch-up. But you’re right about the perceived dangers. Read on.

- Elijah
