---
id: SS-0057
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<Boston Business: A.J.>'
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <Boston Business: A.J.>

When I was informed of a global increase in metaplanar and astral activity, I instantly thought about the lab I had heard of inside the NEMAQZ, run by Dr. Dyna Mite. I was busy elsewhere and therefore sent some work back to the slowly restructuring region.

My investigator initially discovered the place to be active with local corporate rebuilding, but they dug further and found out the lab itself is already rebuilt and operating under the purview of a covert-operations division. They were not able to discover which government or corporation funds the group, only finding the security to be beyond local assets, and intelligence about the location was heavily protected.

Due to this protection, gathered intel was limited, but it mentioned the gateways that Dr. Mite used being operational but not being used for their initial purposes. The lab is no longer focused on some metaplanar-assisted version of teleportation. Its new direction is unknown, but the reliability of metaplanar access from the lab had a myriad of potential exploits.

- The teleportation dream died before it had a chance to live. With no predictability or precision, using these gates for travel is not going to be a thing.

- Jimmy No

- I didn’t include it in my little report there, because it didn’t seem important at the time. After reading the rest of this data, I can see a connection. My investigator was eventually redirected away from their investigation by two men and a woman. They match the descriptions given for Grim, the Detective, and Lady North.

- AJ

- So the same trio stopping jobs in Pretoria is also working in Boston?

- Glitch

- If they’re extraplanar, it’s not a stretch. Especially since Dr. Mite showed the ability to connect metaplanes via open portals. They could be bouncing all over the globe.

- AJ
