---
id: SS-0143
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '5/15/81 16:24:36 - Ed:'
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 5/15/81 16:24:36

## Ed:

The situation is under control. Sort of. We can keep anything from manifesting where we don’t want it to be. They’re not going to show up in a secure area. No portals, right? So credit where it’s due to Wuxing—that feng shui crap really works. Anyway, that much is going right. But controlling where it is _not_ is not the same as controlling where it _is._ The sites are still random. We know that one of those stabby things is not going to pop out in our home and kill us all in the middle of the night, but aside from that limit, we don’t know where it will be. That’s what the people at the top are interested in.

So let’s be plain here. We’re going to lose a few people. We can’t spare any serious mojo-slingers for twenty-four-hour guard duty, and they’re the only ones who have a chance against what these things have become. So whoever finds a manifestation is going to die. We just have to get as much information as we can before they do.

The good news is that we’ve noticed some patterns. There are certain elements they are attracted to, while some repeat them. Sage seems to draw them in, and they don’t like onyx for some reason. We’re adjusting décor accordingly.

Just because the situation is in control now, though, doesn’t mean it’s going to stay that way. I already said people are going to die, but if the

- If someone can control it, the shedim would be really eager to hear about it.

- Traveler Jones

- I’d love to have a look at the paper she mentions.

- Fianchetto

- The only question we should be focusing on are what are the “stabby things,” and where might they appear. Why are we talking about anything else?

- X-Prime

- Fianchetto, I don’t want to make you all slog through a whole paper, but I think I know the part that probably caught Thel’s attention, so I’ll excerpt it.

- Elijah
