---
id: SS-0042
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<Heard It from a Friend: Tolthus>'
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <Heard It from a Friend: Tolthus>

Since I fall into the desired category, I managed to get an offhand comment directed at me about Ghostwalker hiring a ton of arcane talent. It was a well-known local fixer, and I’m sure the offer would have been legitimate, but the questions immediately came to mind about what a great dragon needs one or even a hundred metahuman magicians for that they can’t do themselves. Sure, the White Wyrm can’t be everywhere at once, but any problem he was looking to deal with is above and beyond the scope and skill of most of the arcane talent on the streets of Denver. Sure, a small cadre of a few dozen of the best in the city might be able to play a small part in whatever Machiavellian machination this is, but the majority of talent that answers the call would likely be under-skilled and overconfident. The usual tale of the street mage.



After the mention, I poked around and got little more than a crumb. Something big is going down, but the wyrm is tight-snouted and those hired are smart enough to not get eaten. He’s apparently teaming mages with local free spirits, and the majority of the work is not being done on our metaplane. Other than that, they gave me nothing except a comm number to call to get in on the action.

- This sounds like metaplanar strike teams with a free spirit to open the door and a group of arcane hardhoops stepping into the firing line. I just hope anyone who signed up got this briefing beforehand. Hate to see most anybody walk into a slaughter.

- Ire

- Anyone else see this as suspicious? Ghostwalker starts tossing local magical talent off into faraway metaplanes using his spirit lackeys. This looks an awful lot like culling the magical herd. He could definitely be cutting out the arcane talent in Denver in order to consolidate his power base.

- Plan 10

- Paranoia is great, keeps most of us alive, but if you don’t have facts, keep your speculation to the side chats and off the main post. I’ll leave that line because it’s Plan 10, but the four dozen that came in after got scrubbed. Just in case it was a mistake, beware the albino lizard people who are looking to take over the city once they land their spaceship.

- Glitch
