---
id: SS-0184
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Pushing the Rift
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Pushing the Rift

My father’s final warning came at my doorstep. He appeared there without security detail on the evening following the discovery of the Rothenberg alchera. He knew of my relationship and my recruitment to the Lodge. He knew of the research that was about to begin at the alchera site and warned me that sharing that research with Helena would put us both in jeopardy. Knowledge is indeed power, and so little is known about these strange new phenomena. He presented me with an ultimatum: leave Helena and share my research with him or lose his protection. I chose love. I suppose I chose death as well.

I shared my research on the Rothenberg alchera with Helena and the Black Lodge. The knowledge exchange flowed both ways. She told me what she knew of the Plane of Dis. At the time of my recruitment, the central purpose of Black Lodge operations was establishing connections with Dis. The Black Lodge views the passages to Dis in the same way people of the UCAS view their Bill of Rights—they were set there to be used and defended. To that end, the order is building a relationship with the faction referred to as the Nativists to allow members of the Lodge entry and safe passage through the endless city.

Helena’s own lodge is primarily focused on accessing alchera. Her research coalesced with my own. We were both concerned with the energies being siphoned off from those who accessed alchera, and specifically studying where that energy is going and why. She explained that other lodges are focused more on metaplanar gateways and astral portals. She confessed that work is also underway to stabilize astral portals in order to be able to provide predictable entry and exit points. When I pressed her on this, she told me that Wuxing was heavily involved in that work. What scared me the most is how freely she talked of corporate collaboration. As with the magical groups, Dis is seen as a place of power, and corporations want to be able to access that power freely.

Learning how deeply the Black Lodge was entwined with the corporations gave me pause. It became clear to me then that while some, like Helena, have intentions aligned with my own, there

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SLIP STREAMS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



are many others in the organization who do not. I began to collect more data on the Black Lodge and soon learned that the group is in pursuit of an artifact known as the Desolation Codex. This item and other aspects of power offered by Dis underlie the true goals of the organization. The Black Lodge seeks to control access to Dis and to distribute the power that can be wrangled from that twisted place.

- This is an unfair interpretation of the organization. While there are indeed some who wish to control and even limit access to Dis, the majority of members seek only the knowledge that such a place can offer. Black Lodge members are driven by wonder. What greater wonder is there than the metaplanes? You can find manipulators in every group, but that does not define the group itself.

- Xiè

- Just so you know, things have not gone well for Black Lodge apologists here, historically.

- Frosty

In the end, my work and research did not go unnoticed. The Lodge monitors the web and mentions of Dis in the same way they monitor magical research to ferret out possible recruits. I remember the warning my father gave me, and I know now that it was true. As of this writing, Helena has disappeared, and I have gone into hiding. The Black Lodge demands loyalty beyond blood, and he has chosen his master over me.
