---
id: SS-0220
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: What They Want
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What They Want

The Illuminates of the New Dawn want what all powerful people want: more power. The subtext to the point about them leading us into the future if we allow them has always been “because you don’t know any better, and since you can’t be trusted, we will take power by force if necessary.” They have magical and non-magical members throughout institutions and systems of control and influence, and they promote each other to ensure mutual advancement and control. In effect, they should already have that force in spades. However, as with any conspiratorial group—magical or otherwise—the Illuminates are only as powerful as

their focus on their goals. In this case, the factional infighting of people with the stridency of progressivism and the egomania of your average hermetic initiate have dulled that focus to the sharpness of a NERPS ball.

But aren’t the Illuminates just tools of the Black Lodge now?

Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe it doesn’t matter. The IOND still does what it is best at: collecting information and allies. Internally, it may be as cold as an assassins’ convention, but externally this allows the group to be seen as an open, tolerant bunch of weirdos giving the most ruthless political and corporate snakes a chance to earn some cred with people that the public can’t fear are going to take over the world because the group’s public image is transparently, even humorously, so open about that goal. So while the Illuminates interact with magicians and mundanes alike, often because the group is an extensive web of intellectual and social resources with some amazing arcana, it is inexorably intertwined within and among the Big Ten. Based in DeeCee and concentrated in (what’s left of) the UCAS, it could be intertwined with everything involved in the collapse of the UCAS—or with none of it. Figuring out what’s really the case is part of the adventure here.
