---
id: SS-0117
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Dis Respect
page: 62
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dis Respect

Now into the unknown. In the previous section, Kellen talked about hearing references to something called “Dis.” One of my people found a returned III Corps soldier in Cookeville, Tennessee. They conducted remote surveillance for a few days and then got a chance to conduct some subconscious interrogation in order to get past their lessthan-helpful conscious state. Here’s how some of the conversation went:

- “Subconscious interrogation”? Come on, people—just get a mage who can cast Mind Probe. Honestly.

- Jimmy No

**Q:** Where were you before you came back?

**A:** Not going back. Not going back.

- **Q:** I understand. You don’t want to go there.

- I’m not going to take you there. But where was it?

**A:** The city. The unending city.

- **Q:** What, GeMiTo?

**A:** No. Darker. Farther.

- **Q:** What city, then?

**A:** Dis.

**Q:** This what?

**A:** Dis.

**Q:** I don’t understand.

**A:** Dis. Not going back.

Now compare that to a report on a Mind Probe spell cast on another returnee in the northern part of the Cal Free State.

- Ah, good, at least one runner team knows how it’s done.

- Jimmy No

_Subject’s thoughts are in chaos, which is likely contributing to their non-communicative nature. There is too much in there fighting to come out, with the end result that pretty much none of it emerges. One vision keeps coming up through the chaos—a dark city built into the side of a black mountain and then spreading all across its base. The city goes on forever. Black smoke rises at regular intervals. Forms flit through the streets and the air. Subject feels deep dread and revulsion for the entire city._

And one more—for a change of pace, this is an Az-Am veteran who vanished during the war but

SMOKE AND MIRRORS: DEECEErecently showed up in Bogotá. Killed three Azzie troopers before being captured. My operative got in to see him the day before he was executed. Here’s part of the conversation.

- **Q:** Are you still fighting the war?

- **A:** I haven’t been defeated.

- **Q:** But you’re alone. You noticed that, right?

- You have no army.

**Q:** Haven’t had an army for almost a year. Didn’t stop fighting.

- **Q:** You didn’t? Who did you fight?

- **A:** The people. The city.

- **Q:** What people? What city?

- **A:** Dis. The home of devils.

Now, all of you well-educated types might recognize the name “Dis” from _The Divine Comedy._ It’s the name Dante gives to the city that encompasses the lowest four levels of Hell. It seems the name was meant to evoke a large, bleak city—not to say that this place is actually Hell. I think. Anyway, this was not a place I had heard of before, so I reached out to some high-level contacts I have to ask them about this place. Check out their responses below.
