---
id: SS-0224
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: What They Want
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What They Want

In principle, this is simple: They want to make money. Mystics and Magicks is a corporation, after all. They’re always looking for new markets to move into while also expanding their market share in existing ones, but with so many competing organizations (both corporate and not-for-profit), it isn’t always easy. In business, like on the streets, you have to have an edge: something you can do that no one else can or something you offer that no one else does. Mystics and Magicks has several such edges, both in rituals they offer that aren’t widely known to many other mages and in their use of practitioners of almost every known magical tradition. This enables M&M to offer “ritual empowerment” services to almost anyone on the planet.

M&M has another capability that separates it from most ASPs, one which I’m sure many here will find exceptionally un-earth shattering: blood magic. While not widely advertised, it is nonetheless something that M&M can and does offer to certain clients and in certain situations. I’m not saying every ritual performed by a team from M&M will use blood magic, or that every M&M ritualist is a blood mage. But some of them are, and not just those who follow the Path of the Sun. Blood magic enables ritualists to do things most mages would find exceptionally taxing if not downright deadly. On top of that, rumors say there are unique blood magic rituals that are useful to the right clients.
