---
id: SS-0145
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Magical Investors Group internal memo
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Magical Investors Group internal memo

The dirty secret of mana is that we know when it’s present, we know when it’s high, and we know when it’s low, but beyond that we do not have an accurate or agreed-upon method of measuring it. That’s going to hinder any experimental model we develop, because it will keep us from measuring change.

Many staff members have suggested that assensing is perhaps our best way to measure mana flows, but there are two obvious difficulties: First, assensing generally does better analyzing how beings interact with mana, rather than looking at mana itself; and second, we need observations from multiple positions, and experience has shown that no two individuals assense auras the exact same way.

We need some sort of mana-meter, and we can’t depend on science to come up with one, for obvious reasons. Fortunately, the materials for a simple tool are readily available. Glomoss has long been a valuable tool for allowing anyone, mundane or Awakened, to detect nearby astral activity, and parabotanists have done tremendous work developing different strains of it. Someday soon, we may have variants of glomoss that respond only to spirits, or to spells, or to magic from a specific tradition. But what we have now is glomoss that responds to any and all mana around it and glows brighter as that mana gets stronger. Put a light meter in a small box with some glomoss, and you have a simple, portable mana meter.

The limiter on these things is the supply of this strain of glomoss, as it’s far from being mass produced. But we certainly have enough to get started watching how mana flows, and seeing if anything we do increases or decreases it—and by how much.
