---
id: SS-0082
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Bird Dog Operational Log 09
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Bird Dog Operational Log #09

- You all may have noticed skips in the report numbers. That’s because most of them were nothing but mundane items such as information on the lockdown of local highway and roads, the diversion of all civilian traffic around the area, and the UCAS Army taking full control with increased security measures overall. And as always for you nitpickers, if you want it all, message me.

- Orbital DK

We’ve been conducting more recon sorties into the perimeter but have been getting diminishing returns. With the NG network being upgraded and new security protocols put in place once the UCAS Army officially took over three days ago, we’ve been having to conduct operations in a more old-school fashion, which I’m afraid to say is not yielding much useful data, all while the chance of

detection continues to increase. Despite this, I have authorized Dog 5 and 6 (with assistance from Dog 2) to continue limited recon along and just inside the perimeter. Maybe we’ll get lucky.

Several drones have attempted to enter the vicinity over the past few days. And like the others before, they all were quickly eliminated by either small arms, anti-aircraft fire, or (in a new development) spirits. Around this time, I started to observe additional spirits in the area for the first time since our arrival. Although based on their actions, I surmise they’re not local but conjured by security magicians now on-site and able to operate normally.

This also seemed to coincide with my own personal situation in that my abilities seem to be evening out. I no longer feel magically fatigued, and my abilities seem to have returned to normal. So given these circumstances, I decided to attempt perceiving the astral with orders to my team that should anything happen to me, they are to abort the operation and exfiltrate with whatever data they have.

Thankfully, that order proved unnecessary, I was able to perceive the astral plane with little difficulty. By all accounts, the local manasphere looked relatively normal.

While this is a welcome revelation, it also means that the UCAS has full access to it as well. This will seriously hamper any further data gathering efforts. Once Dog 5 and 6 return, I believe it may be best to exfiltrate early rather than risk detection; I do not know how much more useful data we can gather. I will wait until Dog 5 and 6 return and see what, if anything, new they have to report.
