---
id: SS-0035
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<The Good Old Days: Stanley Wright>'
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <The Good Old Days: Stanley Wright>

Hey friends, have I got an opportunity for you. I’m Stan, and I’ve been right where all of you are right now. I’ve been down. I’ve been pushed aside by society. I’ve been savvy in my survival. I know the story of days without eating and savoring the wretched tartness of devil rat because it was eat or be eaten, and the rat lost out. We could swap tales all day long out here in the drizzle, but I’d rather swap them in the warmth of a nice pleasant home, with a fire in the hearth and a fridge full of real food.

I hear the groans. I do. And I see the skeptics, because I was once a skeptic too. When I first heard this, all I heard was “corporate experiment in need of guinea pigs.” They got me on my worst day, and it turned into my best day. You all see me up here. Nice clean clothes, clean shave, and a decent little trim of this mop top. Only a little, though—I hadto keep my signature hairstyle. This is me now. You all remember me then, right? I prefer not to get into theinfrequency of baths, the lack of shaving toiletries, and—well, I’ll just admit now—my hair hadn’t been washed since Big D bought the big one, but that was me. I took the chance to follow another of our lost-then-found sisters, and now I’m happy to help more of us find the kind of comfort we have.

So, who here would like to get off these streets and into some homes on streets without can fires? Who wants a white picket fence instead of barbwire-topped chain link? Who’s ready to trade their tent for a three bedroom with a pool and a grill out back?

I’ll let those who are walking away now waddle back to the misery I used to know. Those of you still standing here, I can see you’ve got an interest. You may still be skeptical, but at least you’re willing to listen a little more. But I don’t want you to listen right now. I want you to go for a ride with me. I can talk all day long and never get all the way through your skeptical mind, but a short ten-minute drive, and I can show instead of tell, and you can all decide for yourselves.

So, who among you is willing to take that step, take that chance and find a little slice of heaven after all the hell we’ve survived?

**>** Stanley Wright is better known to runners in Redmond as Stinky Stan. He used to be a squatter who lives around the Plastic Jungle. He recently cleaned up his act somehow, and this is what he’s doing now. The video we pulled this transcript from showed him talking to about thirty collected squatters. He lost half early on and then some more a little later, but in the end he walked off with six of them. The person who did the recording said he hasn’t seen any of those squatters return to the area, but that’s not a huge surprise if they moved to a different squat in Redmond.

For a little cursory investigation, I went and listened to a similar speech and watched almost twenty other squatters leave with him as word on the street is spreading that his offer is the real deal. These are just rumors, and he could be spreading them himself, but his numbers are growing, and not knowing what is happening to all these squatters is a little disconcerting. I haven’t heard of any nearby communes being formed or anything like that, and there is nowhere within ten minutes of any of these spots with “white picket fences.”

That led me to connect with Kellan and discuss the possibility of this involving some kind of astral or metaplanar event. Based on recent rises in such events, it is certainly a possibility. No less likely than many of my other hypotheses. If there is a mass exodus of squatters heading off to some unknown location for some unknown arcane reason, I would increase my concern level from “a little disconcerting” to “full-on worry.” We’ve had incidents of metahumans being used by metaplanar beings before, and anyone with any street experience knows how poorly that all works out.



I don’t have the resources or talents to take this investigation further, but I figured tossing my comments and initial findings on here was a decent start. I am also completely scrazzed by the fact that I’m putting a post on JackPoint. Ahoy, chummers, I’m out here if you need me.

**>** Seattle Sleuth

- Mid-stream break time!

There are enough reports from Seattle alone that I was able to pull up a number of retired assets to report and analyze what was coming my way and even report back on whether or not the story appeared to be true. If they made it into the collection above, someone talented signed off on it. Everything south of here has yet to be investigated alongside the hundreds of other files I got that I have not even bothered to load.

**>** Kellan Colt
