---
id: SS-0153
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Status Report, Metaplane 844
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Status Report, Metaplane 844

I’m not going to convince all metaplanar travelers to adopt whatever convention I decide on, but I still need to decide on one, to help keep me sane. I’ll make it simple—the plane is clearly a city, and of all the names that have been used, Dis is the most urban. So from here on out, I’ll be calling Metaplane 844 Dis, and encouraging my contacts to do the same.

The path to the metaplane is tricky. I’ve found spirits who have been there, but none of them are anxious to share what they know. The question now is figuring out how hard to lean on people and what favors to pull in to get more information.

The Seelie Court is an obvious stop, since they’re as in tune with metaplanes as anyone else. It doesn’t help, though, that they’re all walking on eggshells now. Mention the Shadow faction to the wrong person and you shut down all possible conversation. Mention it to the right person, and they’ll do just about anything to shut you up.

This is why I write these things, because in the process of doing it, I just figured out what my next step should be.

- This leads us back to Dr. Gil. She found a place with they type of people she was looking for, who might have the expertise she wanted. She also seems to have adopted Banks’ naming convention—which isn’t surprising, as the two have a professional relationship. Note that this excerpt comes from about a year after her report excerpted above.

- Elijah

**Banks: But you don’t know where it is.**

**Carina: That’s certainly part of the problem.**

- I’d dismiss this as a credulous runner leaning too hard into rumors, except I went for a while hearing some of the same things from reliable sources. And then in the past month or two … well, I think we’re going to get to more details soon. The point is, Carina was starting down a trail we’re all going down now.

- Lyran

- Banks started down the same trail. He filed this with the Foundation only a few weeks later. And before you ask—yes, I’d love to have some of his other status reports, but the leaks I’ve been getting are small drips, not the stream I’d really like to have.

- Elijah

- Aren’t you supposed to have contacts with the Draco Foundation?

- Jimmy No

- I do. That’s how I get any leaks in the first place.

- Elijah
