---
id: SS-0195
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

The myth of Atlantis is probably one of the most enduring myths in the world, a shining utopia lost to the ages and sought after by explorers and adventurers spanning the millennia. The Atlantean Foundation was founded in 2012 out of a renewed desire to recover the ancient knowledge lost when Atlantis sank beneath the waves. This idea might have been laughed at in the years before the Awakening, but since its founding the Atlantean Foundation has ballooned to more than twenty million members and has expanded its purview to all things magical. Its membership boasts individuals from many different walks of life, from academics to your everyday street mage who wants to learn more about what it means to be Awakened. Most of them do nothing more than provide an annual donation, but others volunteer or are otherwise engaged with the foundation’s mission.

With a massive infusion of nuyen following Dunkelzahn’s death, the most prolific trideo production studios in the CAS, and a seat on the Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research’s board of directors, the Foundation has a massive amount of pull in the magical world. If the actual city of Atlantis is ever going to be found, they’re the most well-placed group to find it.

**>** The Foundation has already found artifacts that are of Atlantean origin, or at least they claim they are, but it’s still not clear if they’ll ever happen upon the actual location of the lost continent—or what might be there if they find it.

**>** Frosty

Outside of Seattle, you’d be hard-pressed to find a city that actually likes having the AF around. They never do anything so untoward that they’d get kicked out of a place, but most cities tolerate their presence at best, seeing them as little more than scheming, power-hungry treasure hunters. Fortunately for them, that reputation doesn’t seem to dampen the popularity of their trid shows and other forms of media designed to engage the general public.
