---
id: SS-0058
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<Life Finds a Way: G-Nome>'
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <Life Finds a Way: G-Nome>

Let’s talk kudzu! It’s a funny name for a not particularly funny plant. In the right conditions, kudzu can choke out every other kind of plant life in an area while overgrowing entire buildings in short order. This means not just flora but local fauna will be affected as their food supply changes.

That’s how I got called in. A rapid growth outbreak of kudzu popped up in the Aurora Warrens. I wasn’t a big fan of visiting Ghostwalker’s new fiefdom, but it turned out fine in the end. Whatwasn’t fine was the kudzu and its extraplanar origins. Even worse was getting a series of calls about similar events near Atlanta, Seattle, Boston, Los Angeles, Chicago, and St. Louis while looking into this case. Since that week and a publication I put out on another shadow digest, I’ve gotten reports from around the world. Every one of them involved this same species, and every one was growing out of control—and, if my assessment is correct, growing from a single point.

That point is a very small extraplanar gateway. My investigation in Denver revealed a single root for the growth, though like most plants it anchors at so many points and grows so many stems, it’s hard to track it back to a base. I used nanites to map its central core xylem structure, and from that tracked back to its base root. This root passed through an extraplanar portal that was less than ten centimeters in diameter.

Study of the plant showed that it absorbed mana from the surrounding region. This mana is then stored within the plant’s small fruits. I have not been able to determine if this stored mana can be utilized, but the ability to do so could be quite useful—and worthy of study. The results of this mana siphoning, though, are quite detrimental to the surrounding manasphere. Odd astral phenomena occur around the plant, including a strange rabies-like illness that settles into paranormal critters in the area, along with an acute psychosis that affects spirits and other sentient Awakened, including metahumans.

The exact reason for this growth and the eruptions around the world is not something I have determined yet, but I cannot believe this is just a random occurrence. This species may be extremely invasive, but for it to arrive at so many places around the world seems very suspicious. Something is using these vines. I’m not sure who or what, but we all have a place to start the investigation.
