---
id: SS-0150
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Excerpt from final report on the Antarctic phenomenon
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Excerpt from final report on the Antarctic phenomenon

submitted by Dr. Itzel Gil

The most important thing to know about the phenomenon is that it does not conform to any rules covering matter as we understand them. Conservation of matter, flow of matter, space-time relationships (even in a quantum model), and so on are not usable with any models of mana flow that we have developed. The phenomenon is truly its own thing, and we do not have any appropriate model to understand it.

- Wow, she sounds just like Man-of-Many-Names, but science-y.

- **>** /dev/grrl

- As I have explained, I am never intentionally unclear. I simply use constructions and verbiage best suited to the nature of magic. If you do not understand how the river is flowing, you cannot hope to know where it will end.

- Man-of-Many-Names.

- Yeah, like that last sentence was the absolutely most clear way to express that concept, and not intentionally obscure at all.

- **>** Lyran

We also have to fully understand some of the theories being circulated about the interconnectedness of the mana flow across all planes of existence. When we see any sort of connection between metaplanes, we naturally assume that mana is flowing directly from one to another, or moving freely between the two. We have no clear way of knowing whether this is actually the case. One of the largest obstacles to assessing the path of any mana flow is we do not know what the top speed of traveling mana is, or if there is one. Mana could be traveling to anywhere, from anywhere, and we would not know if it was or wasn’t.

We also do not know if the mana amount available at any one time is constant or changing. If it vanishes, where does it go? If it increases, where does it come from? We know enough to understand the depths of our ignorance on such questions, but little more.

What this means for instances like the Antarctic phenomenon is that when we pull mana through it, we have no clear idea where it is coming from. Is it all coming from the plane to which the rift connects? Is it being pulled from some other plane? Is it being created somewhere in the flow? Could it be some sort of ouroboros-like design where the ultimate “tail” connects back to our plane, so when we think we are pulling mana from someplace else, we are just shifting it from one part of our world to another while reshuffling other parts in between? With the tools presently at our disposal, we simply have no way of knowing.

While this has caused some consternation within my department, I believe the concerns have little bearing on our work going forward. The end result remains as we want it to be, namely that mana flows where we want it. The only time it matters where the mana comes from is if it drains a location of importance to us. The only way this is possible is if the theory that mana is connected throughout all metaplanes, in which case there is a practically infinite number of locations from which the mana might originate, which in turn means the chances of it coming from a spot we value is infinitesimally small.

Further, the course of magic experimentation throughout the past nearly seventy years has predominantly been about experimentation to advance knowledge, rather than waiting until we have full understanding of magical functions. Some experts on mana believe that we may _never_ come to a full understanding of the properties of mana, which means delaying our work until we have a clear understanding could be tantamount to delaying forever. That, of course, is unacceptable.



If we understand that we don’t have to understand, that leaves us with the two most important takeaways from the Antarctic phenomenon:

• Our project goals are possible. This is, of course, very good news. By every measure we attempted, magic use was stronger near the phenomenon than away from it, which at very least classified it as a mana flow. That’s good to know, but not groundbreaking in and of itself. The truly revolutionary aspect is that we confirmed that the mana flow gets stronger when you intentionally pull at it. That, of course, is different from any other mana flow we know about. It means nothing less than success—the goals we have for this project are possible and achievable.

• Opening a rift remains the most significant obstacle. The Watergate rift and the Antarctic phenomenon show that rifts can exist, but the former was only opened with a tremendous explosion that is beyond our abilities to duplicate, and the origins of the latter are unknown (though the theory about its connections to the four Traveler’s Artifacts are worth exploring). The Watergate Rift also led to the introduction of the shedim to our plane, which is possibly only the start of the risks of opening a rift. Our research must continue without a clear certainty, but this is not an area to be leaped into without an abundance of caution.

**>** Note that this was written before the Yellowstone Anomaly—the journey of Aztec troopers to Yellowstone was inspired by this report. Just so we all keep the proper timeline in mind. **>** Frosty
