---
id: SS-0175
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: ASPS and Their Partners
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## ASPS and Their Partners

- So we have five allies identified by ASPS, and ASPS seems quite excited by them, which means they’re not just piddly little operations (like, say, the ASPS). Who do you think they lined up?

- **>** DangerSensei

- The fact that our writer thought Loesser may be “skittish” is revealing. The first thing it tells us is it’s not one of the Big Ten, as they’re pretty much never skittish about anything. It also wouldn’t be a mercenary group and probably isn’t a lawenforcement corp. So what’s left that’s useful? Could be an AA not used to the rough-and-tumble of the big shots, or one that’s recently been wounded (Maersk?). Or perhaps an academic institution providing extra magic and metaplanar knowledge. Or a financial corp there to provide cash, but not muscle?

- What motivation would a bank have to intervene to preserve the manasphere?

- **>** Ethernaut

- They might have a large amount of outstanding loans to groups that could be hurt by mana disruption.

- Mr. Bonds

- One of the obvious points is that Peach and Blackstone have some base enmity—which isn’t the most rare thing in our world,

- And what’s then up with the potential conflict between Wolf Kingdom and Filament? The poster makes it sound like Filament is a subtle information—if Wolf Kingdom is something like Aegis Cognito, it would be an extraordinary organization that could out-subtle them.

- Kia

- All the information we need is in the names. “Wolf Kingdom,” translated to Latin, is Lupus Regnum, signifying the initials L.R., which stands for Lou Romanoff, a new vice president with Aztechnology North America. “Filament” refers to the light bulb, supposedly invented by Thomas Edison but really invented by Ebenezer Kinnersley of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Ptolemy II of Macedon called the Jordan city of Amman Philadelphia, and Spinrad Global has a regional office there. Peach pits are a source of Laetrile, which has been used by Zeta-Imp Chem in some of their cancerfighting drugs. “Blackstone” refers to magician Harry Blackstone, which connects to famous twentieth-century magician David Copperfield, who shares a name with a Charles Dickens character. The Dickens Program, of course, is one of Evo’s most infamous initiatives. “Loesser” refers to legendary songwriter Frank Loesser, who wrote Guys and Dolls, which is full of mob characters, making this a clear reference to the Mafia. That means the five allies are Aztechnology, Spinrad Global, Zeta-Imp Chem, Evo, and the Mafia.

- Plan 9

- Of course they are. Don’t know how we could have missed all that.

- **>** Sunshine
