---
id: SS-0070
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'SOLDIERS OF iii CORPS - Posted/collected by: Orbital DK'
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SOLDIERS OF iii CORPS

## Posted/collected by: Orbital DK

**>** To say that the events of the past few months have left their mark on the world is an understatement of epic proportions. And while there’s no way to completely hide some things, such as the dust-up in Detroit, the corps and their government lackeys are usually able to spin the information in such a way that John and Jane Q. Public never gets the real story. Or in this case, the powers that be all but erase certain events from public memory altogether. A few days ago, I got a message from Orbital DK, who’s taken it upon herself to investigate one such event: the disappearance of the UCAS Army’s III Corps. She’s already posted this to the Asgard Data Haven (where she’s head honcho) but asked me and other admins to cross-post this data on our VPNs. Anyone who’s been on JackPoint or in the shadows in general should know that DK’s rep is solid, especially since she took over Asgard. With that being said, I’m inclined to take the data presented as chip-truth—or at least, it’s more reliable than official sources. Still, do your own due diligence when acting on this, or any data. I’m also allowing some cross-posting

with Asgard on this one, so remember that if you see some unfamiliar names. And yes, they’ve been vetted. So play nice. **>** Glitch

Two benefits of living in orbit: It’s blissfully quiet, and you can see the big picture in ways typical dirt-siders never will. Up here and through the Matrix, I see nothing but patterns and movement, much like an ant hive or how the metaphorical small stone tossed in the water sends its ripples out which can result in any number of reactions. From up here, I watched the first shots fired in Detroit, watched entire cities go dark, and saw the inevitable cluster-frag that ended up with the UCAS becoming a shell of its former self.

There’s also another benefit of being up here: Every so often, I see things that that some don’t want to be seen—or things that others want forgotten. This is the case for the soldiers of the UCAS Army’s III Corps, when more than one hundred thousand troops simply vanished off the face of the Earth. But the story was quickly buried amongthe other earth-shattering events of the time and just as quickly forgotten. The UCAS saw bigger problems on the horizon and the blunder of losing so many troops was something Washington just didn’t want to deal with, let alone acknowledge. As far as the UCAS federal government was concerned, it never happened.

Too bad for them, because fate isn’t done with the UCAS government—or III Corps.

When this situation first caught my attention, I thought it was just going to be another side note to the rest of the insanity going on at the time. And for a good long while, that’s all it seemed it would be yet another mystery of the Sixth World, an event that was less than a blip on the newsfeeds. While everything else was going on, I watched for any news or leads. I even started a personal file on it all, thinking that it may be worth posting at some point. Then, things started happening, and as I expected, the normal governmental whitewashing bulldrek began. That’s when things got really crazy.

Now, before I go any further, I don’t know why this particular story caught and held my attention. But for whatever reason it did, and I started to give a drek. Maybe living up here for so many years has reminded me just how easy it would be to disappear, and I’d like if someone gave enough of a frag about what happened to me. So maybe this is an odd way to pay that forward.

Anyway, once more data started coming in, I fronted my own ’yen and began investigating with the help of trusted associates. I’ve come so far now, I _have_ to see this through.

I’ve become part of the story, for better or worse. This file isn’t just about the investigation into III Corps disappearance—it’s about the initial incident, how the UCAS responded, and how now it’s something that the UCAS wanted buried and forgotten but has the bad taste to keep coming back. That’s right, months after their disappearance, rumors started flying and reports began surfacing that members of III Corps had been sighted, found at various spots all over the world. And as crazy as that seems, that’s only the tip of the insanity iceberg.

- Wait, **what** ?

- Stone

- Hmmm, interesting. I won’t say too much right now, but the usual hiring boards and Johnsons have been putting out some rather interesting jobs of late. There’s a connection here.

- **>** Balladeer
