---
id: SS-0065
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Historical Reflection Alchera
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Historical Reflection Alchera

In this Awakened world, we have become at least mildly accustomed to this. Thousands have braved the Chicago Containment Zone—even braved getting near the feral-ghoul-infested Shattergraves—in order to witness the Sears Tower alchera that returns

annually. That number easily doubles on the years the fall of the tower is repeated. Around the world, other recurring alchera draw tourists and researchers in droves. These places bring into our plane a reflection of a place from history. Some allow actual access to touch or participate in that historical event, though it never changes the ending.

- I object to that claim! I have several running mates who claim to have halted events in an alchera, only to find the world they return to different. It’s subtle, but they can make little changes even if they can’t stop an event altogether.

- Plan 9

- And how many of those chummers are novacoke addicts, because you need a totally scrambled brain to think that is possible. Alchera are not time gates, they’re mana echoes of powerful events and places. Nothing more.

- ManaSpike

- Hey, you’re new here. Plan 9 is a conspiracy nut, but occasionally they are right, so rather than call names or toss insults (frowned on here anyway), just take it with the grain of salt but be wary it may be accurate, at least in part.

- Plan 10

These events seem to be increasing in frequency. This could be a result of the gradual increase in mana levels as the Awakening grows, but most of the reports don’t match any data on mana increases. There is a niggling feeling that all of this is connected, a little touch of it, but something across these various tales and reports has me wondering if there isn’t a little thread winding through them.

Just to help give an idea of what’s out there, I asked a friend in the shadows to make a few trips. He managed three before this write-up had to be finished, but he’s out making more stops, and he’s been known to contract additional assistance when the job fits. Keep an eye out.
