---
id: SS-0087
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: "And Then Things Got REALLY Weird\u2026"
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## And Then Things Got REALLY Weird…

- In the original draft of this file, this is where a section on DeeCee was supposed to go. But as I started compiling all the data and reports (many dating back to over a year), I realized it would be better to go over this first and give more context. So if things seem a bit disjointed, just be patient and keep reading.

- Orbital DK

- Have you forgotten where you’re posting?

- Bull

Eventually, the drekstorm that was happening in the UCAS ended (sort of), and the country found itself in its new normal, for better or worse. After several months of that insanity, the fate of III Corps was barely a blip on my mental radar anymore. In fact, all I wanted to do was sleep for about two months.

That changed when I found a small data packet from an unknown sender in one of my extremely private Matrix dead drops that got me back on the case. This drop in particular got my attention because it’s one very few people know about, let alone have access to. In the dead drop was a small data file along with the subject heading: “In case



you forgot.” Yeah, the old paranoia and some anger spiked after someone hacked one of my most secure private assets. So after I ran every security scan and back-trace I could think of, I calmed down and reasserted the logic part of my brain and opened the packet.

It was a bit anticlimactic, because the data was nothing more than the summary section of some medical report.
