---
id: SS-0174
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Walking Mana Wells
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Walking Mana Wells

- I have started three different comments with the intention of dismissing this concept as impossible, but each time I find some little loophole or possibility that makes me say “Welllllll …” which, sadly, means I can’t just dismiss the idea. I can say it’s far beyond anything we have ever seen, and the mechanics involved are very difficult to conceive. We know intense emotion can influence ambient mana, but this is typically not seen on an individual level, and the reports of these people—or things— portray them as mostly mindless, rather than continually in the thrall of some powerful emotion that would enhance mana.

Setting the question of possibility aside, this is clearly morally reprehensible. It’s slavery—nothing more, and definitely nothing less.

- Lyran

- The one piece of good news in the accounts I’ve seen is while the people used as mana wells may lose their personality while they are being put to use, their personality and knowledge is quashed, not eliminated. If the controlling force is removed, the person could well be returned to their former self.

- Frosty

- If this is indeed a thing that’s possible, you’d have to use Awakened people, right? Not just some anybody off the street?

- **>** Ecotope

- Probably, but even that much is unclear. We know about the association between mana and life, so it’s possible that the subject just needs to be alive. Tap into their mana, enhance it, and set them loose. Though they won’t go far, since something happens to their brain, as we’ve seen.

- Winterhawk

- But have we actually seen these people/things in action, or are we relying on other people’s accounts?

- Kay St. Irregular

- Maybe? I was in the SOX recently (due to poor life choices), trying to get a good night’s sleep without getting fatally contaminated, when a team chasing toxic bounties tore through my chosen hiding spot. The spot had been chosen because I happened to know a mage who lived there (long story), and since she was sheltering me, I was more than a little worried about what the team would do to me if they found me (thebounty they were chasing was for the toxic, of course, but they might look for a bonus if they took out one of the mage’s associates). I worked on making a stealthy getaway, hiding behind the craggy rocks and the mutant trees. At one point I had a view of the bounty hunters as they traded magical blows, magic sizzling over the irradiated rocks, and I got a look at the hunters. It was a party of six, but only two of them were casting spells. The other four were flanking them, two on each side, and they were weirdly stationary the whole fight. The toxic mage noticed this and took two of them out, and the lightning sparking from the bounty hunters notably dimmed. I took a look at the auras of the other two—while they looked quite different (a male human and a female dwarf), their auras were identical. It was weird enough to be memorable.

- Jimmy No

- If someone has been able to develop this (horribly immoral) new toy, what were they doing with them in the SOX?

- Winterhawk

but it’s worth noting. Wouldn’t it be fun if they were Ares (maybe they’re Peach, in honor of their new Atlanta home) and the UCAS?

- Traveler Jones

- Does the UCAS really have anything worth offering to any alliance these days?

- /dev/grrl

- That point is tough but fair.

- Cosmo

- Wolf Kingdom interests me. First, it’s name is more flowery than the others. Second, the access they provide is highlighted. Could it be a spy group—Aegis Cognito or something? Lawyers? I’d guess the Black Lodge, since their access is impressive, but they don’t openly ally with anyone. A national government is also a possibility, what with “Kingdom” being part of their code name.

- Haze

- Excellent question.

- Elijah
