---
id: SS-0113
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'You Can Never Go Home Again - Posted by: Gumshoe'
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## You Can Never Go Home Again

## Posted by: Gumshoe

Nothing is ever easy. Just when you think that life has handed you something all wrapped up and ready to go, it has to come along like a three-year-old and rip that nice bright wrapping paper clean off.

So, literally less than a week ago, DK asked me if I could do some snooping and see what I could find out about two of the soldiers from the now-officially-disbanded III Corps who recently returned home. She wanted me to shake a few trees, see what fell out. Have to admit, I was more than a bit curious myself.

My first stop was Bangor, Maine. The place looked pretty good, considering it had been blacked out and ravaged for a few months. The soldier I was here to see was Lt. Sally Martin, commander of the 4[th] Cav Scouts, formerly of III Corps. I saw her in the front window, staring out at what I first thought was me as I pulled up in my rental car. But after I parked and began walking up to the front door, I noticed that Lt. Martin wasn’t looking at me—she wasn’t looking at



_anything_ . Yet the tusks of her mouth seemed to move as if she was talking to someone.

I’m no soldier, but I’ve got a psychology masters and figured she may have PTSD, which would be no surprise, all things considered. So as I mentally prepared to alter my interview approach, I knocked on the door. Martin didn’t move a millimeter. About thirty seconds later, an elderly woman who introduced herself as Lt. Martin’s grandmother Sara answered the door. Using one of my cover IDs, I identified myself as a freelance reporter looking to get a human interest story on Lt. Martin. Ms. Sara was polite but firm in denying my request. When I tried again, she became visibly angry and said “Tell all your friends to leave my Sally alone! She’s seen enough!” and then promptly slammed the door in my face.

Normally I’d keep pushing or try some other tactic. But instead, I headed back to my car and conducted a mini-stakeout. For six hours, Lt. Martin just stood there, no movement except her mouth. Maybe I’m going soft, but I just couldn’t keep going and decided to leave her in peace.

**>** You always did suck at talking to women.

**>** Sam-R-Eye

**>** Good thing I have no problem with guys then.

**>** Gumshoe

**>** Flirt somewhere else.

**>** Glitch

Next stop was Buffalo, New York. I found Captain Johnathon Able, 14[th] Infantry, working on a stunning classic 2020 Dodge Charger in his driveway, replacing some warn-out brake pads. I don’t know how he’d managed to keep it looking this good, but the car looked like it had just rolled off the factory line.

I approached with the same cover as before, but unlike Lt. Martin, Captain Able was more than happy to talk, provided that I didn’t mind if he kept working. Fine with me. We talked classic cars for a while and I was able to build a bit of a rapport with him before I started the interview with some standard soft-ball questions like “how does it feel to be home,” “did you miss your family,” and so on, all the stuff a reporter would ask for a basic fluff piece.

As the questions continued, I started to notice something about Captain Able’s answers. One thing I’ve learned from interrogating suspects is _how_ they say something is just as important as _what_ they say. The more personal I got, the more it seemed like Able had to think more and more about his answers. And his voice sounded like he was reading some kind of script.

I also noticed his hands were trembling. So I decided to toss a bit of a fast ball and asked, “So where have you been for the last year or so?”



He was so caught off guard that the wrench he was using to tighten a break caliper came off, and he raked his knuckles against the wheel well. Grasping his hand, he hissed in pain for a few seconds and then seemed to realize that I was still there, based on the confused yet hard look he gave me. But in less than a heartbeat, that look was gone, replaced by the previous friendly one.

Able chuckled to himself and asked if there were any other questions I needed to ask, because he wanted to take care of his hand and didn’t want me to wait too long. Something then caught my attention in my peripheral vision, but I didn’t want to let on that I saw anything. So I told him that I think I had enough and thanked him for his time.

As soon as he was inside the house, I looked at the inside of the wheel well and saw a small smattering of purple blood on the wheel hub.

I quickly got in my car and got out of there as fast as I could without making a scene. I drove fourteen hours straight back home, dictating this part of the file as I went.

I need a fragging drink, _now_ .

- Oh, frag me. Please tell me you made a mistake here.

- Glasswalker

- I wish I did. The implications and possibilities in this genuinely freak me out.

- I have received information that at least three additional possible event locations have been detected. Shall I post them?

- Polaris

- Not right now. I don’t know of anyone I could send. This is starting to get out of control.

- Orbital DK

- If these continue, how long before the world takes notice?

- Electric Blue

- You think that matters? Look, kid, the Sixth World has seen crazy drek like this before. As long as no one important gets hurt, no one will care. But my two yen say that someone, or many someones, want to keep this thing under wraps, and they have the means to do it. I think as much as the “how” and “why,” we need to start looking at the “who.”

- Icarus

- That’s just one more thing on the list. For now, we can only wait to see what happens next.

- Orbital DK
