---
id: SS-0027
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<A Trip to The Void: VolcanicAsh>'
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <A Trip to The Void: VolcanicAsh>

Just wanted to offer a little heads-up for a strange little thing going on out there in Puyallup. There’s a “dealer” who goes by the name of Blackness offering a unique experience that some people are using like a drug. It’s described by most who go as a vast blackness, not unlike a sensory deprivation tank, but with a heady euphoria making you giddy and tingly while making you feel like you’re completely outside your body. A few people I’ve talked to with chronic pain issues even claim to feel free of pain while they’re gone.

Getting in touch with Blackness isn’t straightforward, as she moves around a lot, but conversation with the right street types will get you pointed in the proper direction. I know a few names to get you started—hit me on PM.

You’ll know it’s the real Blackness if you can’t see her but you can _see_ her. It’s weird, but you’ll understand when you meet. There’s some arcane fluff going on around her that makes seeing herstraight on impossible, but from just off the edge of your focus she looks like an inky, black-hooded figure. It’s very grim reaper-esque, but the creepy factor goes away once you’re in her presence.

So if you’re looking for a new and unique high, drop me a line, and I’ll get you on the right path.

- That’s a lot of mojo to make all of that happen. I’d say free spirit rather than mage. I get that the reality of it is confirmed, but what about any details on what’s really going on? Is this just a magical high, or is this spirit actually sliding people into another metaplane?

- Slamm-0!

- This one seems to be a unique astral experience. Blackness must add some form of euphoric spell to the shift. Most people with chronic pain who have experienced astral space can still feel their internal pain. For some, the lack of sensation makes it better, but for others it is suddenly infinitely more painful, as it becomes the only thing they feel.

- Kellan Colt
