---
id: SS-0157
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Interim report 14A
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Interim report 14A

These mofos ain’t messing around. I haven’t seen a city this paranoid since Denver, right after Ghostwalker came in. But at least that made _sense_ . You knew what was stressing them. In Dis, who knows what the hell they’re worried about? It’s a huge city, an unending sprawl that doesn’t go all that high but plunges several stories underground, and I’m sure the residents have never been counted, or anything close to it. They don’t have a clear ruler, there’s no identifiable threat waiting on any border, and no word of plans to invade the area or any part of the plane. But pretty much every damn resident acts like if they don’t look every stranger over up and down ten different times, then the entire city will fall.

What I’m saying is, trust has been damn hard to earn. And it hasn’t been entirely clear what they’re looking for.

- Frosty

- Someone who does not want to be known. Officially, the individual is employed by the blandly named Metaplanar Studies Institute, which is an initiative of the Center for Continual Education. CCE is the rare nonprofit that subsists entirely on individual donations—no corporate donations, no private grants, no government funding. Their largest donor is Angelica Wright, a retired personal injury attorney in DeeCee. After that is Deion Turner, trust-fund baby from Denver. Then Frankel Güttmacher, a Swiss hotelier. I have not been able to link those three, or any others of their major donors.

- Elijah

- Can we at least confirm that they’re real people?

- Jimmy No

- They are. I briefly met Turner and Wright, and I had a conversation with Güttmacher once. He’s old enough toremember the Awakening, and he’s always been fascinated by magic, so he finds fulfillment in supporting magical research. He was aware of and conversant with many of MSI’s recent activities, but he has no knowledge of Dis.

Now, I hope at this point some of you have your shadowrunner senses tingling. Little-known research outfit? Mysterious benefactors? Unknown connections? Sounds like work for shadowrunners, right? Damn right it is, and I know who’s paying. Message me.

**>** Elijah

So, with that out of the way, on to recent activities. I’m getting a better handle of the interests of the people I’ve been talking to. I’ve divided them into three groups. The Nativists have a Dis-first point of view—they want to protect the city and help it prosper, usually in that order. Dealmaking with them will be rough, as their protectionist views keep them from doing anything besides deals that seem like clear wins to them. Even a balanced win-win deal makes them nervous, as they worry that strengthening any entity that is not them could come back to bite them in the hoop someday.

Second is the Traders. They’re the best prospects. They’re good at amassing extra of anything they have and then finding someone who wants that excess and who can give them something useful. They have a gift of a singular focus, in that they worry about what they’re doing and don’t care a bit about what’s happening out of their sight. Are you taking what they gave you to buy an empire? Or build a horrific patchwork monster? Or slaughter dozens of innocents? It doesn’t matter to them. If you get directly in their way, they’ll deal with you then. Until then, they’ve got stuff to do.

Then there’s the third group. The Nativists are difficult to deal with, and the Traders offer possibilities, but the Apocalyptics? Steer clear. They’ll want to make a deal with you. They’ll likely be the first people who approach you, welcome you to the city, and offer to help you be comfortable—for some small fee. They’ll be anxious to make more deals, and a lot of them will sound good, but the thing I’m telling you right now is this: all of them are Faustian. All of them will result in a higher cost than you expect, and all of them, in the end, have destructive goals.

That’s what brings me to the story of our first envoy. I finally have enough information to tell it coherently—at least, the first part of it.

Home to carry some stuff and act as a shelter so he could be as independent as possible right from the get-go. No rent to pay, no bargains to enter into. That’s all fine and good, but it’s not easy to establish yourself as a person of substance who demands attention while living in a tent. So the Envoy spent a few days with Shape Stone and Shape Wood spells, and boom, he had an office with a room for sleeping in back. Was he allowed to build on the lot he selected? Who knows? Dis property ownership is not tracked carefully, if at all. The general culture says that if you want to assert ownership, you biggest job is figuring out how you’re going to back up your claim. That means that procedures for establishing ownership change from neighborhood to neighborhood, or even building to building. The point being, we don’t have a record of anyone opposing the location of the consulate our Envoy established.

He got attention. Erecting a building (though a small one) in a couple of days will do that. He demonstrated magic skill and experience, which is the most important currency in the city, but he didn’t do it in an ostentatious way. He established a space for himself, and that was it. He got what he wanted—he got visitors.

- This first Envoy definitely seems more skilled than his successor. Plenty of braggarts and blowhards think their job on arriving in a new post is to let everyone around them know how lucky they are to have them by speaking loudly about their skills. Show that you can be useful, show that you have skills, and show that you are willing to listen, and you’ll get farther.
