---
id: SS-0231
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

The return of magic to the world created vast upheavals among the faithful of many religions. The Catholic Church at first disbelieved and then railed against the unstoppable cycle of mana, putting forth the view that becoming an ork or troll could be reversed with enough prayer and devotion. The church also taught that magicians had powers stemming directly from Satan. When the Awakening continued, and it was found that there were people of unimpeachable faith who had goblinized or who had expressed magical talent, the Church began the slow process of examining its own beliefs, culminating in the election of the moderate Pope John XXV and the publication of an encyclical called _In Imago Dei_ in 2024. The attitude of Catholicism toward magic has varied over the years, but currently it has settled into an area where it is not necessarily sinful to have magical talents or be a metahuman. Metahumans now have all of the rights and abilities that humans have, and the church would rather have metahumans filling the pews than nobody. Magic is treated a little differently; it is not necessarily a sin to have magical talent, but magic is viewed as a force that can lead to corruption.



To assist magicians of the faith, the church strongly encourages magicians with talent to join one of the holy orders. The Order of St Sylvester has a mandate to investigate magical phenomena on behalf of the Vatican and is happy to recruit magically active Catholics for the task. Almost every magically active member of the Order practices theurgy or is an adept who draws his power from theurgy, which is a tradition that fits magic into a Catholic worldview. The Order also has the purpose of bringing a moderating counterpoint to growing conservative influence on the church. Contrary to rumor, Catholics who are not magically active are welcome to join the larger society as analysts and custodians of information, although they will never be on the front lines.
