---
id: SS-0154
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Excerpt from weekly briefing by Dr. Itzel Gil
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Excerpt from weekly briefing by Dr. Itzel Gil

Some of my peers believe the Disians’ reluctance to speak of what they know as a warning sign. They’re concerned that they are just stringing us along, allowing us to believe what we want but telling us nothing because they don’t have any genuine knowledge to share. I take an opposing view. In my experience, almost none of the people I have known who possessed valuable knowledge openly broadcasted that fact, while those who speak loudly about the depths of their knowledge tend to know very little in actuality. This means that I find their reticence to speak of what they know encouraging. On top of that are the obvious signs in their city that they have traveled extensively over the planes. There are caves under the city that clearly had their start as insect warrens. There is a turquoise temple near city center that looks straight out of Celephaïs, and an auditorium made of materials identical to the surface of the Black Moon. It takes the blended architecture of a city like Casablanca and magnifies it by a hundred, combining a multitude of design styles into a chaotic whole. Those styles did not come from anearby city, or another country. They came from distant metaplanes, and the only reason they took hold in Dis is because there was enough traffic from those planes to make the buildings seem natural to at least some residents.

What I’m saying is that every sign I’m seeing in the city is telling me that the things we want to know are there, if we are just patient enough to wait for the Disians to trust us.
