---
id: SS-0312
source: Slip Streams
chapter: cast of shadows
topic: Dr. Javier Watson, Veteran Arcanoarchaeologist
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dr. Javier Watson, Veteran Arcanoarchaeologist

Dr. Watson is one of a myriad of arcanoarchaeologists that can contract the runners to help them explore these world-spanning arcane events. The job can be anywhere on the globe or even away from the physical plane and on to a metaplane.

Dr. Watson is a well-educated academic who has spent just enough time in the field to make him dangerous. He understands the dangers of the world on an academic level and has survived 2 (yes, 2!) potentially deadly events in his career, making him an “expert.” He will want to be in on every security decision and will offer poor advice and make questionable comparisons to the events he survived. If he is not allowed into the meeting he will attempt to spy using his spells or sending in a spirit to listen and relay what’s going on in the meeting. If he is not listened to or ignored completely, he will most certainly still follow his own plan and definitely lead the runners into more trouble than they will already be dealing with surrounding whatever event they are investigating.


## Dr. Javier Watson, Veteran Arcanoarchaeologist

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M EDG ESS<br>2 2 1 1 3 6 2 3 3 2 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 3/1 A1, I2 9 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Astral 2 (Astral Signatures +2), Athletics 1, Biotech 2, Close Combat 1 (Unarmed +2), Conjuring 2 (Summoning +2), Electronics 1, Enchanting 1, Firearms 1 (Pistol +2), Influence 2 (Negotiations +2), Outdoors 1 (Survival +2), Perception 3, Piloting 1 (Ground Craft +2), Sorcery 3 (Ritual Spellcasting +2), Stealth 1

**Knowledge Skills:** Ancient Civilizations, Ancient Mythology, Ancient Texts, Arcanoarchaeology, Magical Theory, Security Protocols

**Spells:** Animate Stone, Animate Wood, Antidote, Clairaudience, Clairvoyance, Confusion, Detect Magic, Heal, Light, Mana Barrier, Physical Barrier, Shape Stone, Shape Wood

**Gear:** Armor vest (+3), commlink (DR 4)

**Weapons:**

Ruger Redhawk [Light Pistol, DV 3P, SA/BF, 7/10/7/—/—, 8(cy), w/ laser sight] Combat knife [Blade, DV 3P, 8/2\*/—/—/—, \*max range is 15 meters] Hiking stick/staff [Clubs, DV 3S, 5/—/—/—/—]

**Notes:** As an Agent of Dis, when Fields is within 500 meters of an active metaplanar portal (anywhere in this lab), all spells have their drain value reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1) as energy is channeled directly. When within 100 meters, the drain is reduced by 2. When within 10 meters, the drain is reduced by 3. When within 1 meter, drain never exceeds 1.
