---
id: SS-0221
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: "What They\u2019re Doing"
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What They’re Doing

This is the million-nuyen question. The Illuminates know they can’t control everything, but they hope to control a fair amount of magic for those who _do_ control everything (which would at least give them a seat at that table). They have been working to acquire access, influence, and control over many leaders and fields where magic can be studied, controlled, and wielded. The challenge is that there are numerous other organizations with the same relative goals, and all of them are drawing from the same wells.

As a kind of public face of magic, Illuminates of the New Dawn members and affiliates work to tamp down concerns about magical phenomena, which has kept them quite busy in the wake of magic’s role in damaging the UCAS. Naturally, they insist there’s no correlation between the number of Illuminates within security organizations that have spent the last fifteen years studying the techno-magical processes that allowed Winternight to nearly end the world and the remarkable speed and efficacy of the blackouts in critical UCAS metroplexes. Once you start looking in that direction, you might notice that the IOND is large and diverse enough to be involved in every major magical phenomenon of the last fifty years: sweeping Mt. Kilimanjaro of hostile spirits; the containment and eventual reopening of Chicago, Boston, and now Detroit; the Yellowstone Anomaly; the Los Angeles Deep Lacuna; the Ring of Fire eruptions

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SLIP STREAMS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



of 2061; and III Corps disappearing. The Illuminates desire the authority and power to manage and contain activities for their benefit, in coordination with other like-minded groups for whom they have made themselves indispensable. They don’t seek a magocracy, not like the Black Lodge does—they just want to be the executives in charge of how magic shapes our world.

Of these groups, the two that keep coming up in relation to the IOND are Black Lodge chapters and Roman Catholic organizations. The IOND was founded at Georgetown University, the oldest Jesuit-run university in the Western Hemisphere and located in Washington, FDC. That Hernandez was a Sociology professor and not part of the School of Occult Studies allowed her and the earliest Illuminates to emphasize that they operate at an arm’s length from the Church’s own magical activities, especially any involving the Jesuits or New Jesuits themselves. Still, that distance was not enough to keep IOND off of Aztechnology’s shit list, putting the Illuminates in the rare position of being banned in both Aztlan and Tir ná nÓg.
