---
id: SS-0328
source: Slip Streams
chapter: cast of shadows
topic: Planesender - (Force 6 Free Kindred Spirit)
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Planesender

## (Force 6 Free Kindred Spirit)

Commonly appearing as a male in his mid-twenties of Native American descent wearing a stylish but casual suit featuring a mix of Wiccan and Amerind symbols integrated into the stitching and accessories. He is a free kindred spirit originally summoned by a small coven of witches in Fall City who were looking for an initiatory patron. The Wiccans were primarily healers but often dabbled in “alternate” forms of medication and escapism and had quite a bit of success with the help of their patron spirit. Their operations cut into the bottom line of the First Nations, who removed their business rivals in the fastest way they could. Planesender was freed and sought revenge but couldn’t go after them directly. He now builds his power by offering trips to other metaplanes as well as void realms, while at the same time hitting them with a one-two punch of Confusion spell and Confusion power during the trip.

Along with the karmic benefits he gains from his sendings, Planesender also makes a decent amount of nuyen getting paid to move others across planes. This leaves him with a decent amount of funding to hire protection or other workers. He operates as Mr. Johnson for runs against the First Nations, contracts his own subtle bits of revenge, and makes deals with other spirits to use his name for similar operations to throw off the trail.
