---
id: SS-0183
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Mission and the Method
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Mission and the Method

I first became aware of the deeper agenda of the Black Lodge in the early ’70s when nearly one thousand people died or went missing during an incident at the Dunkelzahn Rift. While there has never been a satisfactory explanation of what happened in DC, it is clear that the Black Lodge, IOND, and the Draco Foundation all were engaged in either completing or disrupting a massive ritual. I wondered how so many powerful objects and people could be brought together so covertly, but more importantly I questioned the purpose of that ill-fated ritual. I believe the Black Lodge was trying to open a door. I believe the organization exists for that singular purpose—to open the doors better left closed and to seek to understand and perhaps control what lies beyond. There is an appeal to what the Lodge wants to obtain, but the reasons behind their want are what held me back from committing completely.

I was recruited to the order by Helena Richter. She approached me first as a friend and later as a romantic interest. It was during this second phase of our relationship that I discovered she was part of the Black Lodge. Very quickly I began meeting other members of her lodge and their familiars. I must note that I never was introduced to Helena’s familiar. I was meant to replace this individual, which meant they were kept in the dark during all of this. Helena belonged to a Lodge of Rasputin, which meant she controlled her own Lodge of Nostradamus. I met these individuals as well and learned they were primarily concerned with researching alchera, as was I.

- I’ve heard a little about this. Apparently some members of the Black Lodge think alchera can be used as a bridge, moving an individual from one alchera site to another. It is a false hope.

- Lyran

Not long after meeting the six members of her lodge, I had another surprise visitor. My father arrived on my doorstep with a warning: Stop working with Helena Richter or there would be dire consequences. Even then, he would not directly explain his role in the Black Lodge, but when I told Helena what happened she grew alarmed. She explained to me that my father was familiar to a powerful mage from the Lodge of Rasputin who had intentions of ascending to the Lodge of Mordred. As my father’s only heir, it was easy to see how I could be seen as a threat to this member. Should anything happen to my father, all of that wealth and power would transfer to me and thus to Helena.

My father warned me to walk away from Helena, but I could not. The very fact that you are reading this file suggests that my father took action against me in order to prevent Helena from gaining more power. I know the kind of man my father is and I knew continuing to work with Helena would be dangerous to us both. However, she and those like her within the order have a higher purpose, which aligns closely with my reason for being. I could not turn away.

When I first discovered Helena’s purpose, I was intrigued. You see, the Black Lodge in and of itself is not an evil organization. Even if you choose to experience our world in such binary terms, the actions of the Lodge itself do not necessarily promote any one fixed perception of evil or good. The Lodge exists to investigate, explore, and ultimately capture new forms of mystic power and potential. They seek to know power, pure and simple. They seek access to the higher realms and to unlock the mysteries that await there. I sought out the Lodge for that reason and was encouraged to become a member myself.

This mission extends beyond the purely mystical. Part of the mission of the Lodge is to shape



policy and guide power in the way a shepherd controls their sheep. They seek a managing hand in how our world functions as well as who has access to worlds other than our own. Again, this facet of the mission is public. It is widely politicized in the open-access chantries across the world.

These chantries operate as front operations and are legitimate as they come. In truth, these points of sale are operated by dyed-in-the-wool members of the lower levels of the lodge, whose familiars are steeped in the skillsets of PR and image manipulation. They are responsible for presenting the public image of the lodge as well as creating enough of a false impression to confuse those who would look too closely. The lodge thrives on disinformation. They try to spin out as many false tales about their order as possible. In the wake of the Yellowstone Anomaly and the events at Casa Loma, the Lodge attempted to shift blame to everyone from the Wuxing corporation to the local government to a mystical invasion by the people of Tír Tairngire. This type of messaging helped me understand that not all in the lodge seek power for the betterment of mankind.

- That last one gained some traction, especially in the Humanis circles. For that group, everything that happened up north was part of a covert effort from within Tír Tairngire to rally extraplanar allies to their cause.

- Sunshine

It is difficult to uncover the truth about the Black Lodge, because members of the organization never speak of the Lodge proper; instead they fall back on Chatham House rules to distribute information to outside interests. When the Lodge speaks or acts, it is through the everyday voices you trust or it is through the secretive organizations who we already know to control a considerable measure of the world’s power. Their existence is woven into the histories of the Freemasons, the Bilderberg Group, the Knights Templar, even the Illuminati. The influence doesn’t stop at secret organizations. They have members and familiars situated within all of the AAA-rated corporations. They have their fingers sunk so deeply into Stark, Theissen, and Van der Mer that it is impossible to tell if that organization speaks with their own voice or that of the Penultimate Master. Likewise for the Apep Consortium.

- For those who are interested, Chatham House rules mean that anything said in the meetups is free to be used, but neither the speakers nor participants in the meeting or their affiliations may be named. The idea is to build stress-free alliances, so the speakers can share data and not worry about retribution for sharing secrets.

- Kay St Irregular

Black Lodge is up to something that goes beyond opening doors. The same historical documents that suggest that the Lodge existed pre-Awakening also suggest the Black Council had a relationship with the Dis long in the past. Much like the arguments that Lovecraft’s Cthulhu came not from his imagination but his memories of seeing these creatures, the written history of the Black Lodge suggests that the council was not initially formed here but in that distant realm. Now the door is open again, and the Black Lodge had a hand in opening it.
