---
id: SS-0219
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

Everyone knows about the Illuminates of the New Dawn, because it is one of the largest independent magical societies in the world and one of the most influential special-interest groups in North America. It has also been inexorably intertwined with the New Century Party in the UCAS and CAS and is now a core caucus of the Technocratic Party in both nations and part of similar parties in other countries. Additionally, its adoption of advocacy and support for technomancers and Emerged synthetic intelligence, as part of the organization’s and NCP’s founding principle to coordinate and combine the use of magic and technology, has become both an albatross around the neck and a sign of pride within and beyond the organization.

Founded by Professor Rozilyn Hernandez of Georgetown University in the 2030s, the IOND never sold itself to its members or to the public as an exclusively magical organization. Professor Hernandez wasn’t a professional who stuck exclusively to magic, which made her different than many of her contemporaries, who sought to learn and master as much of the new art as possible. She was a sociology professor by training, and her interests and expertise brought the Illuminates and herself numerous contacts and influence in the capital of the last state superpower. The group attracted hermetics, especially those from influential and privileged backgrounds, and that cachet helped the organization grow enough in size and influence to allow Hernandez to eventually make a run for the UCAS presidency in 2057 as the New Century Party nominee.

Since that time, the Illuminates have been involved with (but not leading) almost every major



magical phenomenon or activity of the last twenty-five years. As a relatively milquetoast technocratic organization with no overt agenda, it’s been allowed to spread within the ranks of government and corporate magical corps as well as attracting non-magical affiliates and adherents. With the rise of Horizon, it found a natural partner that stood in the ranks of the Big Ten, giving both access and resources to spread their message of techno-magical inclusion and innovation. The fusion of the New Century Party into Technocratic parties around the world has paid dividends in expanding influence and shaping orthodoxy with regard to magical, technological, and emergent regulation and overall policy. It is the magical equivalent of the friendly face Horizon and Technocrats and others love to put forward to show that all of these new and strange magical phenomena aren’t really dangerous, they are just new opportunities to be understood and controlled by the experts and the sensible realists. In other words, by them. And if we just let those people do their jobs and not interfere, everything will work out fine.

With Professor Hernandez having taken an emeritus position last year, the Illuminates are now led by a cadre of dedicated but younger acolytes who were ostensibly chosen because they represent the meritocratic and aspirational goals and nature of the organization, individuals who are ambitious and intelligent, who represent a cross-section of magical and social demographics, and who all toe the party line. This line focuses on inclusion and diversity of thought being critical to expanding the market of ideas, and it also addresses complex thoughts and practices to bring technology, magic, and other esoteric forces like technomancy together to move the organization and society forward toward the New Dawn the organization strives for. They have been emphasizing that recent events and the survival of metahuman civilization through the upheavals and catastrophes of the last century served as a crucible forging them and the rest of us into something ready for the future. A future they will shape so long as we allow them.
