---
id: SS-0050
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<A Globe Link: Kellan Colt>'
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <A Globe Link: Kellan Colt>

After all the other events, I did what any good globetrotting explorer would do: I phoned my friends. As you can guess by this point, the reports I got included temples, ruins, and pyramids around the world all hosting arcane events. Alchera are not exactly common but still can be found without intense effort, but a few of my braver peers are reporting multiple planar portals leading to the same place. One that materialized in both Angkor Wat and Tulum appeared as a metaplanar beach described with identical features by different sources.

Very quickly, corporations have gotten word of this and are looking at exploration and research to see if you could travel from one of these alchera to another, thus finally realizing the longtime magical goal of teleportation, even if in only a limited form.

**>** I did some initial recon on this for an interested corp, and it doesn’t look promising, though corps can be convincing. The plane in question has two warring groups that have maintained a simmering war since as far back as they remember.



I’ve got a good rep with the corp, and if and when I get called back, I’ll be sure to drop an update here. But I’ve learned to be wary of people’s claims to be close to doing the impossible.

- Lyran

- Reminds me of the work being done at MIT&T before the quarantine. Any potential connections to that?

- Icarus

- Nothing that we’ve uncovered. There’s a report snippet later on from someone who went in to check on that doctor’s work.

- Kellan Colt
