---
id: SS-0215
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research

- **Type of Organization:** Private non-profit research

- **Membership:** Approximately 8,000 **Headquarters:** Boston, UCAS **Areas of Expertise:** Arcane research,

  - pararchaeology, arcane education and research

bership comprising officials and scholars from some of the finest educational institutions in the land, including Thomasin Martyn (of the Oxford Royal College of Magicians and current chairman) and Ehran the Scribe (world-renowned magical scholar and former member of Tír Tairngire’s Council of Princes). Ehran maintains a full-time position at the DIMR and manages the organization as a whole. The Institute’s central office in Boston is one of the most physically, digitally, and magically secure buildings in the city, easily rivaling any local AAA megacorp holdings. This, combined with Erhan’s draconian orders, allowed the DIMR to survive the CFD outbreak and subsequent lockdown of Boston in 2076.

The mission of the DIMR remains as it ever was, in spite of the squabbles and debates that board members hold behind closed doors: to research, understand, and catalogue any and all discoveries and insights as they relate to magic. This includes magical training of Awakened individuals. The Institute has a particular interest in understanding telesma and foci, which seems to have grown into an obsession over the past few years and has brought them to cross purposes with many other groups and organizations. But unlike the increasingly corporate Draco Foundation and their smaller cousin the Astral Space Protection Society, the Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research seems to be as strong now as it ever was, both at its home office in Boston and its many satellite offices across the world.

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SLIP STREAMS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
