---
id: SS-0017
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Wild Ride - by RJ Thomas
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wild Ride

## by RJ Thomas

_“Onyx, it’s been a while.”_

_“Hoi there, Sully. I … almost expected you to bounce this call.”_

_“What kind of trouble are ya in?”_

_“Is it that obvious?”_

_“Call it an educated guess.”_

_“Yeah … look, I know what my rep’s become, and I know you’re likely to bring a drek-ton of heat down on your head by just taking this call but … but I’ve got nowhere else to turn.”_

_“First, I told ya then and I’ll tell ya again now; I don’t blame ya for what went down on last year. That was all Tanner’s doing; ya just got caught up in it all and had to make a no-win decision.”_

_“Lot of other people don’t see it that way.”_

_“Lot of other people ain’t me. And if they still have a beef, they can talk to me about it up-close and personal-like. I told you a long time ago that if ya ever needed me, I’d be there, and that didn’t change.”_

_“Thank you.”_

_“Now on to the second thing—you need a quiet ride or a loud one, and for how many?”_

_“Quiet, but I don’t know how much longer that’ll matter, you scan? And it’s for two, me … and my brother.”_

_“Wow. Okay, yeah, I read ya. Pick up, destination, and when?”_

_“I’ll send you encrypted text with the data after we disconnect. Time is ASAP, because I got that feeling again, you know?”_

_“Yeah, last time you had that particular feeling, they were pulling bodies out of the rubble for a week. Get ready to roll, I’ll fire up Goldie and be there soon as I can.”_

Forty minutes, thirty-six seconds late.

I looked at Goldie’s AR chronometer (again) and grunted, watching the seconds tick away. Anyone with two good brain cells would have figured that something had gone sideways and it was time to cut losses, call it a night.

That might have been the smart play, but I’ve never been accused of being smart. Stubborn—oh yeah, plenty of times. I may not have the traditional brains, but what I do have is a gut that’s never steered me wrong, not once. A few close calls, sure. But it’s kept my skin intact in the New York shadows longer than I had any right to—almost twenty-five years now.

And my gut told me to wait just a bit longer.


So here I was, sitting on my warty backside in my beloved cab “Goldie” (also known as the Golden Whale) parked the middle of a pitch-black, garbage-strewn Bronx back alley. Multiple AR windows from drone feeds let me know what was happening around me. I may be stubborn, but I’m not stupid. The Bronx was a rough place, the kind where you brought friends with heavy mojo and/or firepower if you knew what was good for ya. Honestly though, I’d prefer a real crew, or at least a shooter as backup. But sometimes we can’t get everything we want.

Onyx’s call was a bit of a shock. I’d honestly thought she’d gone deep, maybe gotten geeked over that bad batch of business last year. She was one of the best razors I’d ever worked with. Problem was, she fell hard for some neo-A punk named Tanner who filled her head with drek about “fighting back against the corp establishment.” Yeah, New York was a _great_ place for that. I tried to get her away from Tanner, hook her up with some solid teams I fixed for on the regular. But she was “in love.” And curse Tanner for forcing her into a no-win situation that ended up with a beloved local Mr. Johnson dead because Tanner wanted to make a political statement. Only thing that kept Onyx from getting a death-mark was that she ended Tanner herself. But someone had to take the blame, and so Onyx took the full brunt even

though she hadn’t even been there when Mr. Johnson was geeked.

Anger and hate always needs a target.

No one was going to lift a finger to help Onyx, even on _my_ asking. I was literally her last chance for getting out of whatever bad juju was going down.

What really got my attention was that Onyx’s younger brother Wade was somehow involved. Seven years ago, Wade went full UCAS Army, a way to “get out of the slums.” Frag, he even made sergeant in some infantry unit (I do my best to keep tabs on people). He tried to get Onyx to follow, but she’d already gotten deep in the shadows, much to Wade’s displeasure. So brother and sister had a massive falling out, with Onyx calling Wade a “neighborhood deserter” and Wade calling her a “common criminal.”

They were just another broken family from the Rotten Apple.

I lifted the DNI data cord plugged into the data-port at the back of my neck and tried to massage the tightening muscles. The connection linked the vehicle control rig implanted in my skull with Goldie’s systems. Long story short, I thought something, she did it. Normally, I preferred old-fashioned hands-onwheel, feet-on-brake-and-gas driving. But I wasn’t going to forgo any advantage in the name of ego. Besides,



Goldie was special, and it took a special kind of hand to make her dance on the New York streets.

Still, maybe I’ll invest in one of those new cyberjacks when this is all done over.

Before I could form my next thought, several warning AROs from my drones lit up—amplified sounds of gunfire heard in the distance. Could be nothing, could be something; either way, I pulled my Ares Crusader II machine pistol.

No sooner had my piece cleared synthleather than outta nowhere something _slammed_ into the back of Goldie from above with enough force to bounce my head against the roof. More AR windows suddenly filled my vision telling me about additional sounds of gunfire and some structural damage to Goldie’s roof. Took me only a half second to shake it and the pain away; ork heads were good for takin’ lots of damage. I glanced in the side view and saw two figures rolling on the ground. One was wearing military fatigues. The other was Onyx, face twisted in silent pain.

Grunting, I mentally ejected the DNI cable from my neck and got out, my Crusader II ready. I saw some shadows in the windows from the dilapidated apartment above and cranked off a few rounds out of instinct. In the distance, the sounds of gunfire came closer.

At my feet, Onyx and who I was guessing was Wade were both writing in pain on the filthy ground. It looked like Onyx’s AK-97 had taken the brunt of the fall, the barrel bent at an angle that likely voided the manufacturer’s warranty. She tried to get up again but immediately went back down.

“Onyx, can you move?” I asked as I cranked off another round at the shadows still moving above.

“Yeah … just, wind knocked out …” she croaked as she tried to stand, only for her right leg to crumple. Next to her, Wade continued to roll on the ground, hands covering his face. Things were quickly going sideways. One by one, signals from my drones went dead, their AR windows winking out in rapid succession as the gunshots grew louder.

Oh yeah, it was time to go.

Taking Onyx’s tac-vest in my meaty paws, I unceremoniously tossed her into the back seat and turned to Wade. I was just about to repeat my tossing performance when his hands grabbed mine, and I got a good look at his face. Except it wasn’t _his_ face, or any metahuman face I’d ever seen.

Through filters in my cybereyes, I saw purple blood run from near-black eyes and a nose that was nothing more than two slits on his face. Almost all facial features had been, for the lack of a better descriptor, smoothed out. And forget any hair. But what got me was how his skin was completely grey, like those alien things from old flat-vid movies.

I don’t spook easy, but I was thoroughly spooked then. What happened to him?

Frag it, leave now and everything else later.

No sooner had I tossed Wade (or whoever) into the back with Onyx when two more … things joined the party. First one landed square on Goldie’s back. Second frag near stomped on me from above like an

old-school wrestler. I didn’t take time to get a good look, but I couldn’t help but notice that both of them had some kind of modified arms or something. Frag that; don’t care. One of them tried to take a swipe at me with some kind of clawed hand. But instinct kicked in, and I emptied half my Crusader’s clip into its face first. I didn’t bother to see what damage I did—I was already in the driver’s seat, sending mental commands to Goldie as her engines roared to life.

No time to plug in and sync up. We were doing this old-school.

I stomped on the accelerator and Goldie surged forward, sending bits of trash and flotsam flying in all directions. I could tell by how she handled that those fraggers were somehow holding on, for now at least. The engine whined as turbochargers kicked in. Swerving between some derelict cars, we were quickly back on the main road, cars swerving and horns blaring. I felt heavy blows slam into Goldie as status AROs popped up on the windshield. Fraggers were actually ripping and punching through her armored skin!

Oh, frag no! No one touches my girl like that!

I cranked the wheel hard to the left and hit the gas. Any other car would have lost it, but Goldie’s independent wheel suspension whipped us off the main and onto a service road. I briefly saw one of those things, still holding on with some kind of clawed hand to the left side, almost (frag) go flying. Meanwhile, the hammering near the back continued.

As good as I was behind the wheel, I knew I wasn’t going to shake these losers, not like this. Looking ahead, I grit my tusks, hit the autonav, and grabbed the DNI cord, slamming it into the back of my neck. The connection was quick, but as soon as we were linked up, every hammer blow from those fraggers felt like someone was slamming me in the gut. But it also meant that I was fully in control.

I was finally able to get a good look at them. They had the same grey skin as Wade, with some kinda, I dunno, mutated arm on their right and some kind of crab arm on their left. Pointed teeth made them look like Halloween rejects.

One of ’em was just holding on between the driver and passenger side door. He could wait. His partner, the one about to rip the roof off over the passenger compartment; yeah, he had to go. With a mental command, I popped Goldie’s defensive turret. The dual-mounted AA-16 shotguns spun around and let loose at close range with a blast of double-aught buck and slug rounds, right into Mr. Ugly Number One’s face and chest. Damn if he wasn’t tough, though. I had to empty both weapons into him, sending purple bloody chunks flying before his arms simply came off. What was left went flying into the streets.

Before I could celebrate my victory, I felt something slam into the window beside me. Mr. Ugly Number Two was snarling and continued to use that crab-claw thing like a fricking jaws of life to rip my door off. Taking a hard right, I send Goldie flying down toward an abandoned warehouse district. Normally, I try toavoid drek in the road, but that time, the garbage was my arsenal.

First up, an old favorite: a dumpster. Clipped Mr. Ugly real good with it. I watched a large chunk of purple meat go flying off. But that just seemed to slot him off even more.

Next up: some old garbage. I knew it wasn’t going to do much, but I wanted him distracted, off balance. Old bits of disgusting filth slammed into and covered both of us. Had I not been plugged in and running on sensors, I’d have been completely blind.

I whipped Goldie into a tight spin, independent wheel suspension pulling off a perfect donut. For a few seconds, it looked like Mr. Ugly was about to go byebye, but instead he just hauled himself onto the hood and planted his crab-claw into it. And to add insult to injury, Mr. Ugly puffed his chest out and actually puked freaking _acid_ onto the windshield!

Warning AROs sprang to life, and I could smell acrid smoke entering the cab.

_Frag_ !

About seventy meters up ahead, I saw something hanging low. Mentally I hit the gas, and Goldie surged ahead, smoke billowing from her tires. Mr. Ugly had no idea what was coming, until his head suddenly snapped back, then clean off thanks to the old gas station sign I ran him into.

The rest of Mr. Ugly’s body quivered on my hood, but the acid he’d spewed was still eating into the window and now engine block. Goldie began to sputter.

And of course, in the distance, I could hear the distinct sounds of NYPD Inc. getting ever so closer. I doubt even I could have talked my way out of this one, not to mention that both Onyx and Wade needed medical attention, ASAP. I mentally ran through my options, all of them bad. Then of all things, a call came in over my commlink.

I didn’t recognize the number, but without me accepting, the call came through anyway.

_“Mr. Sullivan, I—or rather, you—don’t have time for an explanation. I assure you, I am a friend. And if you want to save the lives of your passengers and keep yourself out of lockup, I suggest you follow the instructions I’m about to relay.”_

I paused for a heartbeat. “Okay, chummer, whoever you are. My back is against the wall, but if you try anything funny, I have no problems blowing up my cab along with anyone who tries anything stupid, _capisce_ ?”

_“Completely. Now, we will deal with the NYPD, all you to do is head to these coordinates at best speed. A semi-truck will be waiting for you there …”_

An hour later, I was sitting in a small room in the back of some custom semi-trailer. On the table before me was some bottled water, some decent canned soykaf, and some donuts from Mike’s in Brooklyn. Whoever my mysterious benefactor was, he had _some_

taste. I was about to break down and grab a glazed when the door opened and in walked—no, strode— one of the best dressed dwarves that I’d ever seen. His grey suit seemed more like a second skin and blended well with his dark complexion.

Before he could stay anything, I went on the offense. “My passengers, are they gonna be okay?”

The dapper halfer sat down and steepled his fingers before answering in a deep baritone voice. “Mr. and Ms. Toussaint are both being tended to. My medics tell me they are both stable. Although Mister—or should I say Sergeant—Toussaint is presenting some interesting medical issues.”

“Like what?”

“His physiology has been altered in many ways.” “How?”

“We don’t know the extent, and that’s why I’m here. I’m going to cut right to the chase, Mr. Sullivan. Sergeant Toussaint was part of a UCAS Army unit that disappeared several months ago. Now he’s apparently returned but has also been significantly changed. I represent a group that is attempting to determine not only the reason for Sergeant Toussaint and his unit’s disappearance, but also the nature of his alterations, and whether this represents a significant threat to metahumanity.”

“So, you some kind of spook?”

“Of a sort. I’m more of an independent contractor.”

I nodded. I’d worked with a lot of ex-spooks and former company men, and this guy fit the bill to a T. But there was something about the way he talked. He didn’t talk down to you, and he left the impression that you could trust him. At least, that’s what my gut told me. “So what now? What’cha going to do with Onyx and Wade—or me, for that matter?”

“As soon as Ms. Toussaint is fully recovered, I’m content with releasing her to your care, if that meets with your approval. As for Sergeant Toussaint, I am obligated to keep him in protective custody for the time being.”

I didn’t like the sound of that, but I also knew that, despite my gut, I didn’t have much of a choice.

“But as for you, Mr. Sullivan, I’d like to make you a business proposal. The situation I am investigating shows no signs of abating. As such I need as many allies and contacts as I can muster. You’re one of the best fixers and riggers in the greater New York area. All I am asking is to be eyes and ears, and if the situation calls for it, help me recruit local talent for work. As such, I’ll provide a handsome retainer and pay for all repairs to your cab, plus additional funds for any upgrades.”

It was a sweet deal. And from what I’d seen, there was some bad drek out there, and I didn’t like not knowing about it. Besides, Goldie needed a new paintjob, and I could keep a direct eye on Onyx.

“Okay, chummer, you got yourself a deal. So you got a name, or are you simply Mr. Johnson?”

The halfer smiled. “This may sound a bit dramatic, but you can refer to me as Ringmaster.”
