---
id: SS-0182
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Rule of Two
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Rule of Two

Since the rise of early European literature, the term “familiar” has been used to describe the myth of a companion, generally an animal or spirit, who aids the magic user in the mundane world. In more recent times, the term was attributed to the vampires of popular fiction who sent forth these familiars to do their bidding. What we have long excused as myth is the foundational principle behind the Black Lodge. Every member of the Lodge has a familiar who is always a highly placed member of society in control of considerable financial, social, or political power. This is a condition of membership. You cannot become a member of the Lodge without a capable familiar. In fact, the political, social, or economic power of the familiar directly correlates to the rank of the magic-user.

I cannot speak to the minds of the highest council. My father never achieved such a reach. I can say that even as a former agent to Dunkelzahn and now a CEO of an A-level corporation, his political and financial reach was not enough to help his Master achieve even the Lodge of Mordred. I can only imagine the power commanded by those at the very top.

While magic-user and familiar are considered ordinal pairs, I have witnessed Lodge members attempt to raise their profile by recruiting more powerful familiars and even attempting to steal familiars away from one another. This is how I came to be involved with the Black Lodge. My position at university affords me a great deal of control of both resources and access to experimental magical processes. Someone within our local Lodge of Rasputin found the length of my reach compelling. She approached me under the guise of romance. I can only assume she believed that falling in love with her would soften me to her cause. We were involved for several months before she revealed herself to be a member of the Black Lodge. In that time, she learned much about my life, my family, and my history. However, her interest in my work was primal. We spoke about it as much as our affections.

- This research he is hinting at is no small study. Wagner-Blake was the lead researcher into alchera for Karlsruhe. Multiple corporations, including Saeder-Krupp (which he was raised in), tried to lure him away from the university. The work he did made him a prime extraction target in the region. I personally know of two attempts that were thwarted by his security detail. That’s why I perked up when I heard he’d been killed.

- Mihoshi Oni

I knew only that she was an independent researcher for the DIMR. She spoke little about the work she did, claiming to be bound by agreements that limited what she could say. Still, I met her colleagues and her friends and presumed I knew all that could be known about her life. When she finally revealed herself, I was both surprised and compelled to accept her offer. My partner knew me well. She made me feel safe and loved. She understood my work. Though I am left to wonder if all of that was a manipulation, you must understand that the value of that companionship outweighed my understanding of what it truly meant to become her familiar.

Familiars enter into this relationship because they are seeking something they cannot otherwise obtain. Before seeking a familiar, the magic-user will study their target, rooting out their deepest flaws and desires. They will use this knowledge to formulate an approach that allows them to create a lasting bond between them. For some that bond is romantic, others seek friendship, and still others crave the pairing of master and apprentice.

- Being an alchera specialist definitely made him a valuable asset to the Black Lodge, but why try to recruit him as a familiar? Why not approach him to become a direct member?

- Jimmy No

- Wait, is nobody going to talk about the fact that she worked for the DIMR?

- Bull



In the Black Lodge, you are always working toward the mission of the order, but your only trusted friend is your familiar. The only way to gain rank in the Black Lodge is by a member ranked above you dying or being supplanted in some other way. Members seek to undermine each other at every turn. While the six of your specific lodge are fighting among each other for recognition in the eyes of your leader, there are other lodges at the same level doing the same thing. In this fashion, many world conflicts are shaped.

- Is he saying that world wars are built on silly little lodge fights?

- Respec

- Yes. What he isn’t saying is that there is a social code in play to forbid killing other members in order to move up the ranks. That code is lessened when it comes to familiars. Having Wagner-Blake as a partner could help an existing member move up the ladder. Bringing him in as a member involves removing someone in your circle you already trust and understand and replacing them with someone who may soon have the clout to surpass you.

- Lyran

- This explains what I’ve been seeing coming out of Tianjin and Shenzen. There is a small but powerful collective of Monads in Tianjin who’ve aligned themselves with a coven of witches. On the surface, it doesn’t make any sense, but when you factor in the Black Lodge, the Monads provide the witches with a type of reach they wouldn’t otherwise have. Likewise in Shenzen, there is a Triad led by a Crow Shaman named Lao Long-shing who is reputedly tied to an AI named Pai. Again, it makes no sense outside of the context of this so-called Black Lodge system. In both cases I am left to wonder: What is the partner trying to get out of this?

- **>** Clockwork
