---
id: SS-0026
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: <Amazonia Rio de Janiero News Report Kendra Lamb>
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <Amazonia Rio de Janiero News Report Kendra Lamb>

Who speaks for the lost, their voices silenced by disinterest? That is a rough translation from the original Portuguese, but the meaning comes across. A meaning that has been scrawled on the favelas of Rio for months—but so few take notice of what goes on among the downtrodden.

This frequently seen tag does not signify the rise of a new gang or even a political movement—it is a call for help by the citizens of the favelas who have lost their family members to what they call “the nothing.” This is not some corporate abduction plan, not a gang recruitment drive, and it is not some mass exodus for a better place. It’s a dark phenomenon that no one seems to be willing to shine the light on.

I will risk the glares. Risk the animosity. Risk the retribution. I will speak for the lost.

The number likely approaches a thousand. I wish I were overestimating, but I’m likely far below the real tally. We have lost so many, but so many of us here are already lost. For our bodies to disappear is nothing, for our souls and standings are already gone. The difference here is that I have turned a seeing eye, no longer blinded, toward this eclipsing shadow. We do not fade but instead blink from the world.

Each day a few, a handful, maybe two (it depends on the day) disappear from the favelas. We are not taken by cartels or famine or drugs or even death. We are taken by _them_ .

Them! You chuckle. So often the word is used by madmen. I am not mad. I simply have no better word to use. No better phrase. Those who bear witness have seen the events. They use “them” because few would lend credence to a tale that claims a narrow gash of blackness limned in a metallic silver glow writhes across the landscape and steals one figure after another.

I was not taken.

I have no touch of magic in my blood.

But those who were taken did. Most were wellknown, others had hid their gifts from all but theirclosest kin, and a few were only known as mundane but still held a spark within them. And now they are gone.

That ribbon of energy must have been a gateway or rift, but only those who possessed magic could pass. Several scholars I have interviewed claim this is possible and that such a rift would have likely shifted them bodily into a metaplane—a new development in metaplanar functions. The nature of the plane or any other way to access or identify it have not been discovered, despite the efforts of several skilled mana weavers to read the energies around the disappearances and throughout the region where the ripple passed.

I don’t care if others think I am mad or delusional. People need to know what is happening, even in the favelas. Those with the gift of magic beware these events. Avoid the region if you can, and get away if you see or hear of an event in your vicinity.

This is Kendra Lamb, reporting for Independent News Weekly.

- I get INW is a shadow news source and there is no reason to besmirch Ms. Lamb’s rep, but this screams of corporate interference to keep this area thin on magic users. Maybe there’s a secret lab they’re worried about or something they’ve released to affect the mundanes, but no matter the reason, this could easily be a corporate deterrence effort.

- Anyone know Lamb and able to confirm she wrote this

- willingly—or at all?

- Ire

- This could very well be happening in other Z-zones where no one is paying attention. There isn’t always a Lamb around when you need one. Keep your ears and eyes open for rumors of similar rifts near you.

- Glitch

- A contact of mine just got back from a corp-sponsored metaplanar hop, and he mentioned a report that came in from another team. They hit up a plane that appeared barren but then spotted a settlement made of black crystal that throbbed with light and hummed with mana. One of the scouts reported seeing “people” before he went suddenly mad and charged back to the camp. He was mad with rage but succumbed to attacks quickly due to his exhaustion from running so far.

- The team had no time to follow up, as they had other planes

- to visit, but they logged the encounter as an anomaly for another team to check out.

- Sapphire

- I know Lamb. And she hasn’t responded to any of my messages. I dug a little, and she went missing shortly after turning this article in to her editor. Had a friend dig on finances, and she hasn’t touched the pay from this or made any Matrix transactions in over a week.

- Plan 9

- Over two weeks. Her last few payments have been automated rent and grid access. They recur monthly.

- **>** Plan 10

- Can’t you two just share that with each other?

- Stone

- They’re in a bit of a tiff.

- Glitch

- Lamb’s report, along with several others I’ve seen and chosen not to share, suggests that the same phenomenon now occurring in the favelas is also happening in other places around the world. The events don’t always match up, but the numbers of missing persons, extrapolated to then include the SINless, has certainly increased recently. Disappearances are always hard to pinpoint, and the causes could be myriad and unrelated, but th reports consistently describe a magical effect that might be an astral gateway or localized alchera.

- Kellan Colt

- I placed most of my focus when looking at events surrounding this on the potential influencers behind the scenes. While few details or specifics can be garnered, the similarities in events and descriptions point to a single force behind these events. I have managed to rule out most of our most wellknown arcane manipulators as the culprits, as my sources occasionally mention they are at odds with events that are occurring or are contracting investigations into the matters. I can not fully dismiss the involvement of the Black Lodge, IOND, Apep Consortium, and Draco Foundation, but I can, with some certainty, claim they are not the instigating force behind these events.

- Lothan the Wise
