---
id: SS-0223
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

Mystics and Magicks might not be a brand we are especially familiar with in the shadows, but John Wagemage almost certainly knows about them, as they’re Aztechnology’s arcane service provider subsidiary. And I’d be shocked if most of us don’t know of their work. For those who don’t know, an arcane service provider (ASP) is the outfit that does all those nice magical defenses we keep running into. Most people think of wards when the subject of arcane services comes up, but ASPs are more than just ward makers. Most ASP corps offer ritual magic to those who don’t have access to it, mostly anchored rituals, but a skilled ritualist can turn their hand to almost any ritual. Ever wondered who the mom-and-pop hardware store turns to for magical tracking? Or who the simsense starlet turns to for those ritual health treatments that are so in nowadays? Yup, in both cases they turn to an ASP.



- ASPs are some of the biggest recruiters among college students. Ritual magic benefits from bodies more than most types of magic, and while the ritual leader needs to be skilled, any magician can add their power to a ritual with only a few days or weeks of study. So ASPs often recruit both those skilled in ritual magic and also the students who haven’t shown much promise in other areas of thaumaturgical studies. And the churn is high, as ritual drain can be a major slitch. But the pay is good, and being part of a ritual team can be a cushy life.

**>** Covenant

Mystics and Magicks is a very typical ASP in most respects, offering their services like any other, both to third parties and to other Aztechnology subsidiaries. It’s not uncommon to see M&M teams at NatVat plants, though usually as advisors or as part of R&D programs, or at Medicarro clinics bolstering the local magical healers with additional numbers. Ritual magic offers so much and is so versatile you could run into M&M personnel at any Aztechnology facility.
