---
id: SS-0053
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Where Rivers Meet
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Where Rivers Meet

Staying along the river but heading a hair north gives us the chance to talk about the Missouri rolling into the Mississippi and the mana merge that comes from this confluence of rivers.

The mana merge has been known about for quite some time, but recently the area has had an increase in astral activity that matches the types of events Kellan is concerned about. The events appear random, but that could just mean we’re not understanding the pattern. No one is really putting the research effort into discerning patterns for these events, and that has me wondering if the powers that be are in on this increase and minimizing investigations in order to prevent any identification. And yes, I get that sounds like conspiracy-theory crazy talk, but remember what I’ve been through already.

From what I’ve discovered, the events that pop up are random but frequent enough that anyone coming near the area is likely to experience some kind of astral phenomenon on their trip, increasing the level of tourism in the area and the amount of shadow tourism with rich execs wanting a little walk on the wild side. Astral windows are the most common, offering everyone a glimpse of the astral from the physical. Voids are the second most common form, and they’re often dangerous, as they occasionally appear inside or over the water. Several vessels have been damaged or lost near here, which connects to several legends in the area of people losing time or having unique visions and experiences. A few reports of a small Native American village popping up is likely an account of an alchera. Reports indicate the people in the village like to interact and feed guests. If no one has ever warned you, it’s not wise to eat food offered by fae/mana-created entities. Most reports indicate a certain level of euphoria or intense relaxation after ingestion, but a minority talk about leaving with the food and seeing it turn into grubs or maggots. They also report vomiting a green sludge after leaving.

Several of the spellslingers I talked to told me this region also has some very potent mana. The confluence draws a bunch of young casters to the area. They tend to spend their time studying or practicing, but problems have arisen. Local groups—be they cabals, college fraternities, social clubs, or whatever—have begun using this place for “Wizard’s Duels” late in the day and at night. Johnny Law chases them off during the daytime, usually via a spirit or a projecting magician, so that local tourism is not disturbed.
