---
id: SS-0074
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: "\u201CMeasured Responses\u201D"
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## “Measured Responses”

Now we got the history out of the way … After Peacemaker and the Pennsylvania Guard unit vanished, a lot of wheels started turning. First, on my end, I knew the UCAS was going to do something soon. I just didn’t know what. So I reached out to a few associates and got my own investigations rolling. I talked to a fellow JackPointer, Kay St. Irregular, and asked him to keep his ears open and monitor DeeCee’s reaction as well as dig up any paydata he could. I also gave him a slush fund to hire any runners and/or other professionals needed to facilitate that.

- Wait, you became a Johnson? How in the Nine Hells can you afford to do that?

- Jimmy No

- Oh, I don’t know. Same way I’m able to afford to live in **freaking outer space** and operate a VPN. Do you really think I’m going to tell you or anyone else?

- Orbital DK

Second, I knew that I had to get some people out to where Dutchville used to be for some onsite recon and general snooping around. And sure enough, I was right. Within twenty-four hours of losing their recon unit, the entire Pennsylvania National Guard (backed up by some Ohio NG units) was mobilized. It didn’t take them long to set up a preliminary security perimeter and re-route all highways and roadways leading into Dutchville in advance of a UCAS reaction force that started setting up shop approximately forty-eight hours later. And for the record, none of them got within five kilometers of Dutchville. Can’t say I blame them for that.

But it takes time to set up a security cordon, even longer to plug any holes in it. And no disrespect to either, but the PA and OH units aren’t exactly crack military outfits—a fact that the team I managed to assemble on the fly exploited quite easily before the UCAS military proper arrived and started locking things down.

- Now this was something I could find some paydata on. Even though the average person doesn’t follow the movements of military units, their families and friends do. The Pentagon released a statement. The first part was straight from the government denial playbook, saying that III Corps was on “routine readiness maneuvers.” No mention of what was going on in Detroit either, likely because of the Matrix blackout and Ares’s silence at the time.
