---
id: SS-0177
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'Spotlight: Black Lodge - Posted by: Axis Mundi'
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Spotlight: Black Lodge

## Posted by: Axis Mundi

After hearing from Lothan and KC, I figured out that a bunch of us old-timers are somehow caught up in all of this. As you know, I retired from running years ago. You know why. So when I got a call from a contact I hadn’t heard from in a decade, I was hesitant to step back into the life. However, favors owed found me out on the streets looking for a woman named Helena Richter who’d gone missing one night in Brussels. I never found her. If I’m being honest with myself, I doubt the woman ever actually existed—at least, not under that name. Instead, what she led me to was a conspiracy that I wish was not real. One thing is certain: I should’ve stayed retired.



- Guys, I tried to get in touch with AM after he uploaded this file and I couldn’t. Anyone know what happened to him?

- **>** Dr. Spin

- I have a sick feeling sticking his head up above the ridge got him noticed and those old problems he was hiding from might have found him.

**>** Bull

The night I was dragged out of retirement, the body of Hunter Wagner-Blake’s research assistant turned up at the bottom of Puget Sound, half a world away. The only possession on her was a commlink with a single contact. That contact happened to be the name and number of the alias I use when I am in that part of the world. When my friends in the Emerald City let me know what was going on, I checked the datastore associated with that identity and found an encrypted file waiting for me. It must’ve been triggered to send on a deadman’s switch. Only now am I starting to realize the connection to Helena Richter and unravel this gordian knot.

Not a lot of people are familiar with the name Hunter Wagner-Blake. He holds the Witver Arcanology Chair at Karlsruhe Institute of Magic and Technology. More of us in the shadows are familiar with his father, Jonathan Blake, CEO of Centurion International Services. Hunter is an afterthought in the Blake family, staying in Germany close to his mother, a former S-K executive. Those who travel in the circles of magical research know him as a devoted scholar who doesn’t rely on familial wealth for promotion. He has instead gotten ahead thanks to a keen understanding of how and why magic works the way it does. Yesterday, Hunter Wagner-Blake was also found dead, an apparent suicide in his home. His death triggered a subroutine that contacted the same datastore that his assistant left the encrypted file on and delivered the encryption key. The encryption key didn’t completely open the file. I was prompted to provide specific information about Helena Richter I could’ve only learned through the course of my investigation. Once I did, it popped open. After reading it, I know it was the Black Lodge that killed Wagner-Blake and his research assistant, and they probably disappeared the person calling herself Helena Richter.

- That checks out. Members of the Black Lodge are absolutely insidious. They are not the type to bang down your door with a team of runners. They are more likely to capture a sample of your hair and slip an area-effect spell down the manastream as you are picking up your kids from school, and then make sure you are held responsible for the results.

- Haze

I don’t want this file in my possession any longer. I’m not sure, but I think he meant for me to go public with it in the event that I _couldn’t_ find Helena Richter. I’m giving you the entire file here below.
