---
id: SS-0101
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: California Free State Dreaming (Redding, by Scattershot)
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## California Free State Dreaming (Redding, by Scattershot)

First, I’m not going to give some long-winded account of events; instead, I’ll share only pertinent facts as to what I observed, to the best of my ability and recollection. Second, I want to go on record and say that this operation turned into a massive clusterfrag and that despite this, the people with whom I was assigned showed exceptional skill in the face of extreme danger from an unknown and unexpected adversary.

- Wow, this seems like it’s going to be a fun one. *rolls eyes*

- X-Prime

- Watch it. Scattershot has been working his craft for longer than you or I have been breathing. As the old adage says, “beware of the old in a profession where most others die young.”

- Bangswitch

- Oh, wow, that’s some grade-A hoop-kissing, there.

- X-Prime

- Thanks for the support, kid, but I’m also old enough to not give a rat’s backside of what anyone else thinks of me, let alone waste any of my time on it.

- Scattershot

Our mission was to conduct a recon/investigation operation in the Shasta region near Redding in the northern part of the California Free State, which is near the contested area between Cal Free and Tír Tairngire. Our objectives were

to investigate any and all information related to criteria provided by our employer.

The mission CO held the IMA-recognized rank of captain, who for this operation went under the call sign of Dark Horse One. I was designated as Dark Horse Two, and my primary role was mission sergeant and local guide, as I am intimately familiar with the region and citizenry. The twelve-person unit was made up of local specialists and rounded out with other mercenaries who had served with me during action in Detroit some months earlier.

We arrived in the target region just before dawn. Our operational convoy consisted of two modified Dodge Stallion security vehicles, two Yamaha Growler off-road bikes, and one GMC Armadillo for drone and supply transport. Once in the area, I suggested to Dark Horse that we speak to a contact of mine, an individual I will not name for security and personal reasons.

This contact is considered to be the unofficial game warden and protector of the area by those who live there. As such, if there were any unusual activities or sightings in the area, there would be a high probability that they would know about it. Upon arrival at my contact’s residence, I entered alone, mainly for the security and safety for the rest of my team.

- I was going to ask, but then I realized where this was and how the people of the area are rather eccentric. My guess is the contact has booby-trapped their home and will blast anyone who gets within so many meters without so much as a hello. And they have some kind of guard animals and elaborate paths you **have** to walk along, but yet things like wireless or even indoor plumbing is foreign to them. Bet there’s even a still out back.

- DangerSensei

- Right on everything, except the plumbing and wireless. They’re not complete savages out there.

- Scattershot

After announcing my presence, I found my contact in one of the back rooms. Their right leg was severely injured, looking like it had been mauled by some kind of animal. My contact confirmed their injuries were the result of an ambush while they were investigating rumors of suspicious activity and unusual animal tracks west of Shasta. My contact said their attacker wasn’t any animal, Awakened or mundane, that they’d seen before. They said it looked vaguely humanoid, about two meters tall, thin but strong, with hook-clawed fingers and sharp teeth. My contact also said that they shot several heavy pistol rounds into the unknown, “just to get the fragging thing off my leg, but I still didn’t kill the fragger.”

When I then inquired into the nature of the suspicious activity, they replied that they’d been was prompted to check the area near Paige Bar whenfour nights previous, what was described as several “mana storms” were observed. The next day, several sets of unusual animal tracks that were not indigenous to the area were also discovered. At the time, there were concerns that “the damn elves were fragging with us again.”

Having been given approximate locations of where the storms had been sighted, the trails my contact took, and the location of his encounter, I returned to the rest of the unit and briefed Dark Horse One. From there, we mounted up and attempted to re-trace my contact’s path into the mountains. We deployed in a standard pattern, with drones taking a long-pointman position a kilometer ahead along our travel path while the Growlers provided security to our flanks. Our team magician also sent spirits along our path to search, but both they and the drones found nothing.

- So, magicians were able to operate without any issues at this time?

- Lyran

- A-ffirmative. It was even a sunny day, which was kind of nice for a change. I read the other reports and know about the insanity they dealt with. But we were completely five-by-five … at this point. A few in the unit even called it an “easy paycheck.”

- **>** Scattershot

- Interesting.

- Winterhawk

We reached our location without incident, even finding the exact spot where the attack occurred, as evidenced by blood splatter and bullet damage to nearby trees. But what stood out the most was the color of some of the blood. Dark Horse Five, our medic, was able to determine that some of the blood was metahuman, but we also found what we could only describe as “purple blood” nearby and mixed in with my contact’s.

Dark Horse One then ordered a search of the surrounding, heavily wooded area, activating our M-TOC system for better tracking and coordination. The unit’s primary magician, call sign Dark Horse Four, conducted a preliminary astral recon of the area and found only very faint “residual distortions” in the local manasphere. She reported that whatever dangerous phenomenon we’d been warned about may have been present at one point but was now gone.

About ten minutes later, Dark Horse Seven reported that he’d discovered a trail of that purple blood, possibly from whatever had attacked my contact. He also indicated that there was enough blood present that he could track. We followed the trail for approximately another two kilometers, losing but regaining it three times. We had several intermittent sensor contacts, but we could not visually identify anything in the area other than the normal fauna. Dark Horse One wondered if there was some kind of system malfunction, but Dark Horse Twelve, our rigger, maintained that aside from the occasional weak signal, all systems were nominal. Dark Horse One still ordered additional drone and spirit sweeps in our vicinity.

Eventually we discovered remains that matched the description of what had attacked my contact. Apparently the gunshots had done more damage than originally realized. Dark Horse Five did a quick preliminary evaluation of the remains. We confirmed that the creature had the features previously described, but also had large black segmented eyes, and what appeared to be some kind of thin plating just underneath its wrinkled grey skin. According to Dark Horse Five, it seemed to be akin to troll dermal deposits but was smooth rather than lumpy in nature. Additionally, the feet were also more like hands, with the same hooked claws on the toes as it had on its fingers.

- Hardest track I’ve ever done.

- Bangswitch

- Wait, you were there too, and you tracked that … thing?

- X-Prime

- Scattershot said that he brought people he worked with in Detroit along with. And besides, I used to hunt back home all the time. I grew up eating fresh meat, not processed soy-drek. A bad hunt meant we went hungry. But that’s … not important.

- Bangswitch

- Is it me or does that thing sound like some kind of bug spirit or merge we’ve not heard of yet? Could all this be just another bug invasion—another Chicago or Detroit?

- Mika

- No. ’Switch and I spent months in Motor City getting up close and bloody with bugs, to the point where we became extremely good at recognition. This wasn’t a bug; it was something else, but just as nasty.

- Scattershot

- I don’t like the sound of that at all.

- Bull

After securing and prepping the remains for transport in a body bag, we headed back to the convoy while drones and spirits scouted our return path. We had traveled approximately a kilometer with no encounters and dead silence. None of the local fauna we’d previously encountered was detected. This immediately set off my internal alerts and I notified Dark Horse One, who ordered us to form up into a more defensive posture. It was at that time when we began to experience problems with our M-TOC, losing wirelesssignal and communications. Within two minutes, we lost contact with the convoy and support drones as our tac-net failed, forcing us to switch to emergency radios.

We then came into contact with hostile forces.

Dark Horse One was the first to be taken out, by a sniper’s bullet to the head. I then ordered everyone to take cover, just as a machine gun opened fire along our left flank, effectively pinning us along a small wall of rocks. Dark Horse Six and Eight, who were in charge of transporting the remains, both took enemy fire. Heavy MG rounds penetrated Dark Horse Six’s armor, killing him instantly, while Eight received minor injuries to her left arm, but was still combat-able. I ordered Dark Horse Four to send her spirit after the machine gunner to distract them. Dark Horse Seven was able to locate and eliminate the sniper, or so we thought. But another eliminated Dark Horse Eight. Dark Horse Four also informed me that her spirit was meeting heavy resistance.

I then ordered Dark Horse Four to prepare a physical barrier spell. I also ordered Dark Horse Nine and Ten to secure the remains and for everyone to prepare to move out. Taking advantage, Dark Horse Seven and I then popped thermal smoke grenades while Dark Horse Four erected her physical barrier. We all then moved out, double-timing it along the trail. Enemy MG fire continued for a few seconds, but then stopped just as we cleared the immediate area. I surmised that Dark Horse Four’s spirit had finally engaged the enemy. Unfortunately, I was wrong.

My experiences in Detroit should have taught me to look up, but given the situation, I was too focused on getting us out of the area. I got tunnel vision and didn’t initially see the attack from above. Metahumanoid creatures, the exact same type as the remains we were trying to recover, descended on us from the trees above, large skin-wings unfolding out from their sides and under their arms like those of a mutated flying squirrel. Two of them immediately went for Dark Horse Nine and Ten, with a third attempting to grab the body bag. The rest of us had one of them each.

Dark Horse Four hit one with a combat spell of some kind, and the creature fell to the ground, dead. Dark Horse Seven and I eliminated our attackers with EBR and shotgun fire. Dark Horse Ten put his cyberspurs though the throat of his attacker, but Dark Horse Nine was knocked over and descended on by additional creatures and was quickly mauled to death. All of us except Dark Horse Seven turned and poured fire into those on Dark Horse Nine. Dark Horse Seven eliminated the creature attempting to pilfer the body bag with a headshot.

With our area clear of hostiles for the moment, I ordered a double time retreat in a diamond formation. For the second kilometer, we ran a gauntlet of

creature attacks from both the ground and above punctuated by occasional MG and small arms fire. I watched as one of the creatures swooped in and seized Dark Horse Ten by the head with one leg and then hauled him up into the trees with the rest of his limbs before we could respond.

Even over the gunfire, I still heard the screams. We were able to get within 800 meters of the convoy when the M-TOC came back on line. Air support from the drones and fire support from the convoy allowed us to link back up. As we boarded our vehicles, we came under heavy rocket attack. One of our Stallions was destroyed, leaving only myself, Dark Horse Seven, and the riggers Dark Horse Eleven and Twelve alive.

Abandoning our Stallion, Dark Horse Seven and I transported the remains to the Armadillo and linked up with Dark Horse Eleven and Twelve. The two riggers then took remote control of the remaining Stallion and set the auto-systems to lay down suppressive fire with its HMG. After some return rocket fire from our aerial drones, we were able to clear the area.

We made it back to our basecamp in Redding without further incident, where I reported in and made arrangements to secure and hand over the remains we recovered.

Based on the enemy’s tactics and repeated attempts to recover the remains, it is my opinion that they were there specifically to recover those remains. The question now is why and who. But that is a question I will leave to those above my pay grade.

End of report.

**>** So many questions, I don’t know where to bloody begin.

**>** Chainmaker

**>** I’ll start, then. Were these things some kind of attack animal? Are we seeing some kind of new augmented weapon? Because something that can haul a fully armed combatant up a tree with one limb is—well, it’s **insane** !
