---
id: SS-0106
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Corps
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Corps

This is a no-brainer—of course the corps are going to be involved somehow. But as far as I know, not all of them are investigating this; at least not based on their hiring patterns or whose pet operatives and/or teams have been spotted in the field. So far, the biggest players in this game seem to be MCT, S-K, Wuxing, and surprisingly Ares. Now, these are just the ones who’ve been the most active. I’m sure the rest of the Big Ten are at least watching to see how this plays out.

MCT’s Research Unit 13 was recently spotted in southern Japan near Hiroshima asking a lot of questions about magical phenomena in the area.

I’ve also had several S-K Mr. Johnsons—sorry, _Backhauses_ —come to me specifically asking for recommendations for specialists either for escort duty of magicians or magicians with special skills that lean toward investigative, magical theory, or both.

Likewise, Wuxing’s Johnsons have been reaching out, but their offers have been more about information and paydata rather than any kind of direct action. But this is Wuxing, so that may change as soon as the proper qi flow is reached.

But the biggest surprise out of the bunch is Ares. They’re not known for really caring about magical stuff outside of using it blow drek up, so I would have guessed that they’d be more concerned about getting situated in their new Atlanta home and dealing with the fallout from Detroit. Yet they’ve been one of the most aggressive when it comes to hiring and information-gathering recently.

- I think we can now officially add Aztechnology to that list as well. I just got word from an associate working in Guadalajara that a well-known Aztech troubleshooter has just arrived and has been hitting up all the local magical mojo slingers about “mana storms.”

  - Ten years ago, when I was still running with my old crew, we bagged us a nasty blood mage. But the DF wouldn’t pay up because we didn’t come during business hours or some drek. I lost three chummers on that run. I’ll never work for them again, but they keep asking.

  - The Mechanic

  - Oh yeah?

  - Stone

  - Yep. Even had one track me down in person and try to give me a pitch not even three weeks ago. Almost worked, but it takes more than dark skin, green eyes, platinum hair, and a nice firm backside to convince me to work for the DF.

  - The Mechanic

  - Check the image in your mailbox—was that her?

  - Frosty

  - Yeah, so?

  - The Mechanic

  - That was Kendra de Santos, the voice of the great dragon Arleesh. Dude, I don’t know if you’re the bravest or stupidest fixer on the planet, but it seems Arleesh is finally calling in her marker. Interesting.

  - Frosty

  - Wait, **what** ?

  - The Mechanic

  - While he tries to pick his jaw up off the floor, I’d also suggest keeping an eye out for the other usual magical suspects: Illuminates of the New Dawn, the Atlantean Foundation, and Black Lodge (watch it on that last one). Soon enough the word will spread about this and everyone is going to want a piece of this.

  - Elijah

- Marcos

  - I’m planning a deeper dive into this in a few. Stay tuned.

- Looks like the secret may be out after all.

  - Lyran

- Brutus Ex-Machina
