---
id: SS-0236
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: What They Want
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What They Want

HNN is constantly looking for new material. If there is a magical event of significance, odds are good that HNN will show up on site quickly. They owe a lot of this to their superstar free spirit reporter, Deaver. It’s understood, however, that Deaver is holding out on his next contract renewal with HNN. Rumor says he’s looking to connect to one of the bigger news organizations in the world.

- Fame is a mighty drug, but with free spirits, the question is always what they’re going to do with a seven-figure salary. I mean, they don’t need to eat, right?

- X-Prime

- Whether they need food or not, they can always materialize and enjoy all the pleasures of existing in the flesh. That, plus the power money offers, can provide plenty of incentive to chase the almighty nuyen.

- Jimmy No

Similarly, _TIM Talks_ is constantly looking to make interviews with those who are important within the magical community. This might be a researcher who is pushing the boundaries, a discussion about metaplanes, examining how auras are impacted by stress, or almost anything that can prove to be interesting. There are reports that some fae may be willing to discuss topics that are relevant to the Yellowstone calamity, and those folks would indeed be in high demand for a _TIM Talk_ .

- The Court is all a-twitter with these rumors. Speculation runs high that anyone who’d publicly discuss those topics would weaken the Court, and therefore must be a member of the dreaded Shadow faction. Those who want to go public are working behind the scenes to lay the groundwork for talking without immediately becoming outcasts.

- Frosty



Any time there’s an academic study to be published, Jackson Scholastic wants a piece of it. They have an online library of scholastic articles, journals, and studies. In order to preserve their revenue stream, they need exclusive deals, which drive membership subscriptions for those who want to look at those exclusives. Pretty much any hermetic academic makes their living off these research papers, so naturally Jackson Scholastic wants to find ways to get these papers without paying through the nose for them.
