---
id: SS-0110
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Native American Nations (NAN)
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Native American Nations (NAN)

This is something I’ve never seen before; the NAN Tribal Council (very discreetly) has been hiring from outside their borders. Maybe they think we know something they don’t; maybe they have something else in mind. Either way, it’s a bit of an unprecedented tonal shift for them.

- The Pueblo Corporate Council has been the primary driving force behind this, with the Tribal Council barely tolerating it. Like you said, they have some kind of angle, but they’re holding their cards close to the vest.

to be done to stop and fix it, even if said populace is completely ignorant of said bad thing even occurring.

When Detroit turned into a warzone, the White House, or more specifically President Angela Colloton, didn’t even so much as issue a statement. Granted, they didn’t learn about any fighting until a week after it kicked off. But instead of rallying the UCAS to aid one of their cities in a time of need, Colloton instead secretly ordered III Corps into Detroit to basically kick some hoop.

Now, what does this have to do with III Corps’ disappearance? Not a damn thing, directly. From everything my military and intelligence sources have told me, III Corps was already experiencing problems long before whatever happened to them happened. But Colloton’s methodology and secrecy backed her into a corner and all but destroyed any chance of a positive solution once things went south and likely hampered any subsequent investigation and perhaps rescue efforts. III Corps’ mission was a massive black operation; a force was deployed in secret to fight a battle no one knew anything about. And we all know that black ops are denied and those involved disavowed. Still, losing a covert team of expendable assets is one thing, but losing almost one third of the UCAS Army is quite another.

- Mika

- Should I or shouldn’t I be surprised that neither of the Tírs seem to have anything to say about this?

- Rambler Rose

- Those who already have, or think they have, the answers have no desire to ask any questions.

- Man-of-Many-Names
