---
id: SS-0115
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Stabbing Incident Wounds Five
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Stabbing Incident Wounds Five

- Okay, first, you need to calm the frag down. I get it that we’ve all been on edge over this and other stuff lately, but we can’t go off halfcocked here. We need solid proof. Gumshoe, did you get a sample?

- Orbital DK

- I … frag, no. I’m sorry. I didn’t have anything to grab the sample with anyway.

- Gumshoe

- Well that’s just lovely. Top-tier work there omae!

- **>** Haze

- On a related note, I’ve been following the P2.0 feeds of returned UCAS troop’s family members, and I’m starting to detect patterns of behavior and speech that are consistent with what Gumshoe discovered. One of the things I’ve consistently seen is that people are saying their family members don’t seem like they used to be—that like Gumshoe said, they’re acting like they’re trying to remember who they really are. Could this be a sign of some kind?

- **>** Pistons

- Or just a sign of trauma. Things like that happen to solders in war.

- Hard Exit

TENOCHTITLÁN — Visitors to the Museo Memoria y Tolerancia were stunned by a violent attack from a knife-wielding assailant Tuesday afternoon. The perpetrator, identified as Samuel Dzul, attacked patrons viewing an exhibit on the Yucatán crisis of the 2060s. While police say that his weapon was “military-grade,” his swings were wild and flailing, leading to wounds that doctors did not judge to be life-threatening.

Motive for the attack is unclear. Police spokesperson Edna Belez said Dzul’s mental state is extremely agitated, and that he may be some sort of history buff.

“Something about the exhibit seems to have set him off,” Belez said. “He was yelling about the Yucatán crisis, including shouting slogans of Yucatán rebels.”

Dzul’s interest in the crisis carried to his choice of weaponry, as his knife was a model frequently carried by rebel forces.

Belez said police were struggling to find information on Dzul’s recent residence. “We have records of him up until approximately fifteen years ago, but he seems to gone off the grid. We are working diligently to find where he has been in the intervening years, including working in areas where those who have exited society are usually found.”



- Great. They’re going to use this as an excuse to roust the shadows.

**>** Cayman

- Do they need an excuse?

- Haze

- And a soldier missing from the Yucatan Crisis makes sense, kind of, but how does a soldier magically disappear from World War II?

- **>** Pistons

- Believing that the metaplanes only exist when we are aware of them is the height of arrogance.

- Man-of-Many-Names
