---
id: SS-0142
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'The lowdown: Kanheri Caves'
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The lowdown: Kanheri Caves

These caves are part of a park on the outskirts of Mumbai in the Indian Union. Many of the caves have been cut and carved, and they served as a Buddhist enclave for more than a thousand years but were abandoned for centuries before being rediscovered and established as an important religious and historical site.



- So alchera are summoning spirits now?

- Jimmy No

- It’s always been a possibility. It plays into the not-so-hidden secret about conjuring: We know how to get spirits to come to our plane, but we don’t know why they come. Is conjuring more like a Control Actions spell or an elemental control spell? That is to say, are we pulling their minds or pulling their bodies? Either way, they often resent it, but if it’s the latter—and perhaps even if it’s the former—it’s possible that spiritual manifestations could exert the same pull on them that our conjuring efforts do, fully pulling them across metaplanes rather than just summoning ghostly shadows.

- Winterhawk

- The most difficult part of magical studies is that magic isn’t constant. We know that—there are still some people alive who remember a world without magic—but we sometimes act like the change between the Fifth World and the Sixth World was just a light switch going on, rather than one step in the ongoing evolution of magic. We do research to figure out how magic is working, write up a paper describing it, and by the time the paper is done, magic has changed.

- Frosty

things get out and stay in our plane for longer and longer times, then more havoc is going to be wreaked. We can’t just keep dodging them—we have to figure out how to close the gate, once and for all. That’s going to require outside resources, so we have to think seriously about which offer from an outside expert we should accept. I guarantee that the higher-ups will want to go with Daviar and Draco, but I think you get more creativity in academia. Have you read that paper from the University of Toronto professor? It’s cutting edge. It’s what we need.

— Thel

- Is the randomness Thel is seeing really random? Is the growing strength of the spirits she’s talking about coincidental, or is there some larger purpose afoot?

- Lyran

- If there is a way to deliberately cause a rift—that is, a tear that lasts, not just an opening you might use for your own metaplanar journey—we don’t know what it is. The metaplanes are vast, so I can’t state conclusively that the power doesn’t lie somewhere, but I’ve never seen anyone control it.

- Frosty

- I’ve got another letter in a similar vein.

- Elijah
