---
id: SS-0192
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: What They Want
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What They Want

The Astral Space Preservation Society was established “to monitor potential abuses of astral space and its denizens; to protect the rights of denizens of astral space; to establish a set of parameters that will facilitate a working relationship between spirits and metahumanity; and to create a sanctuary in astral space for beings in search of a safe retreat” (from Dunkelzahn’s Will).

The organization is dedicated to exploring means for free spirits and metahumans to coexWHO YOU GONNA CALL? // ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILES


ist while ensuring the sanctity of astral spaces. To meet these goals, they’ve positioned themselves among the foremost authorities on the collected topics relating to the astral plane and the spirit world. They exist in a cycle of maintaining relevance so they can continue their work so they can maintain relevance—while applying their research toward fulfilling their mission statement.

Currently, their aims remain ostensibly unchanged, though access to the collected knowledge of the society is fully available to the megacorporation’s magic services division.

- It’s insanely frustrating to see the ASPS dive deep into corporate pockets.

- Axis Mundi

They monitor blighted locations, studying the effects of urban development, toxic dumping, and war on the astral background and working to mitigate those effects when they can. In Chicago, where a series of horrific events have all but ruined the astral plane, they’ve been instrumental in repairing some of the destruction. The lessons learned there continue to apply in locations around the world.

These studies also extend to spirits and Awakened or dual-natured creatures. Besides recording the effects of astral phenomena on such entities, they also catalog various magical threats, such as shadow spirits, insect spirits, and the shedim. The Astral Space Preservation Society has lost more than a few members over the years to these dangers.

- Because that’s so much worse than pushing a dragon’s agenda?

- 0rkCE0

- In this case, I’m going to go with “yes, much worse.”

- Frosty

- ^^^

- Ethernaut

- I remember when they almost lost an entire team in the Javanese Republic in the early ’60s, their first big look at something horrific since the bug invasion. Between the ASPS and the Javanese military, they got a handle on the situation, but not before a bunch slipped away in host bodies. They still don’t know what those were—nobody does—but there’s an open contract on any that get brought in.

- Ethernaut
