---
id: SS-0105
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'The Newest Hot Shadow Commodity - Posted by: The Mechanic'
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Newest Hot Shadow Commodity

## Posted by: The Mechanic

- Yeah, not much in the way of data, but circumstantially, it fits the pattern we’ve been seeing so far. Although that particular “storm” was of a magnitude second only to the one over Dutchville. It also illustrates some of the things we’re up against while investigating.

- Orbital DK

- Okay, question. The mine that was supposedly destroyed, can anyone determine what if any correlation in terms of location it and the storm may have had?

- Elijah

- According to my sources, the two do in fact correlate. They physically overlap.

- Picador

- I have some strange corroboration on this one—someone who saw the storm and escaped in advance of it. Their story matches what Al Dhibi sets out, more or less, but they may not be the most reliable witness, as they also claim to have fought in the Euro Wars in their early twenties, and they’re not even thirty.

Unless you haven’t been paying much attention, the word is apparently getting out, at least about the odd “mana storms” that have been popping up world-wide. In recent weeks, I’ve been flooded with requests from Johnsons across the board asking for recommendations for jobs related to these phenomena. I have no idea whether or not they know about any connection with III Corps, but we’ve seen and heard enough to know that other teams have been spotted in the field and in some cases have given our associates a run for their money.

So what I’m going to do here is a basic rundown on some of the current movers and shakers looking to hire or inquiring about these occurrences. Now, they’re not the only ones, just the ones currently most active for runner recruitment. You can either consider this a listing of possible competition, or maybe you can look some of them up yourself if you want to work for someone else. No judgement here, because at the end of the day, biz is still biz.
