---
id: SS-0311
source: Slip Streams
chapter: cast of shadows
topic: Dr. Alicia Fields, Antarctica Lab Researcher
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dr. Alicia Fields, Antarctica Lab Researcher

(Agent of Dis)

Dr. Fields was once a mild-mannered researcher, but a stumble and fall through an open gateway changed all that. On the other side, she experienced an extreme time dilation and spent years being tortured and broken. She then returned to the lab only seconds later as a servant of Dis. She operates in the shadows and simply claims to be happy to study the latter days of a mana event rather than risking another stumble through a portal.

She knows about Milton, but he does not know they serve the same masters. She monitors him and the gate astrally as well as keeping track of any entities that come through. She’s the right mix of savvy and crazy to help her avoid capture. She avoids all direct confrontation, and all of her reports are bland and mostly fake in order to keep interest in the lab low. If she is ever confronted about it, she’ll mention that Milton is very protective of the gateroom, and she is a little afraid of him. The goal is to direct suspicion on the guard and away from her, while pushing Milton to use the more violent options at his disposal.


## Dr. Alicia Fields, Antarctica Lab Researcher

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M EDG ESS<br>2 2 4 1 6 5 4 4 5 5 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 8/1 A1, I2 10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Astral 4 (Astral Signatures +2), Athletics 2, Biotech 4, Close Combat 2, Conjuring 4 (Summoning +2), Electronics 1 (Computer +2), Enchanting 2, Influence 4 (Negotiations +2), Outdoors 2 (Arctic +2, Survival +3), Perception 4 (Visual +2), Piloting 2 (Ground Craft +2), Sorcery 5 (Spellcasting +2, Ritual Spellcasting +3)

**Knowledge Skills:** Ancient Civilizations, Ancient Mythology, Ancient Texts, Arcana, Arcanoarchaeology, Magical Societies, Magical Theory, Metaplanes, Security Systems, Sixth World History

**Spells (see notes):** Agony, Analyze Magic, Analyze Device, Animate Metal, Animate Plastic, Antidote, Blast, Clout, Confusion, Darkness, Detect Magic, Detect Device, Heal, Ice Spear, Ice Storm, Improved Invisibility, Increase Reflexes, Light, Mana Barrier, Physical Barrier, Shape Metal, Shape Plastic **Gear:** Armor vest (+3), commlink (DR 4)
