---
id: SS-0155
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: 'the lowdown: metaplanar references'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## the lowdown: metaplanar references

Celephaïs is a city in the Kindred Metaplane, known for its turquoise architecture. Black Moon orbits the Shadow Metaplane and features a labyrinth of stairs, canyons, and caves, all carved out of black stone.

- That seems clear enough. They want the Disians to teach them how to open the types of metaplanar gateways they want to have. Do we know what they were willing to pay Dis to make that happen?

- Lyran

- Somewhat, due to some more evidence I have.

- Elijah

- Ay, you’ve got an answer waiting around every corner here, aincha?

- Chainmaker

- I’ve been working on putting this together for a while. Anyway, this last one had some codes in it to try to conceal what they were talking about, but I’ve changed them back to the real terms for clarity.

Sometimes the problem dealing with metaplanar beings is that their thought process is entirely alien to us, and we can’t approach it in any way that will help us make a bargain. Sometimes they don’t want anything but pain or misery, and they don’t offer us enough in return to justify giving it to them. That’s not the case in Dis. Their wants are knowable. They want power, they want pleasure, they want comfort, just like the sentient population on our plane. They are also capable of bargaining and making trades, so we have a lot to work with. It’s just about convincing them to work with _us_ .

I know that’s not satisfactory, but I hope that explains some of the delay we’re dealing with.
