---
id: SS-0199
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

What began as a small magical society has now grown into a legitimate religious organization with some standing. In the late 2057, after Dunkelzahn’s death, David Dragonson was granted a vision of a being that he referred to as the Great Dragon. According to this vision, Dunkelzahn was the embodiment of the Great Dragon’s will on earth. The vision was trasformative, leading Dragonson to abandon his old life and became a devoted follower of the Great Dragon, with Dunkelzahn as their prophet or avatar or something. He revelation told him that Dunkelzahn had not actually been assassinated, but rather had sacrificed himself to save humanity from some greater, unspeakable evil.

Dragonson established the Children of the Dragon in a church on Prince Edward Island, and his



message of Dunkelzahn’s martyrdom of Dunkelzahn proved to be a phenomenal recruitment tool. Dragonson’s charisma was another asset—members referred to him as the Messenger for the Great Dragon.

The Children of the Dragon engaged in multipronged outreach to spread their message, and their membership and donations surged. They eventually held chapters in may parts of the UCAS. By 2070, they had spread internationally, with chapters in the Front Range Free Zone, the California Free State, and the Confederation of American States.

The Children faced their greatest challenge in 2061 with the emergence of Ghostwalker from the Watergate Rift. A young member of the Children, Joshua Morningstar, saw Ghostwalker erupt out of the Watergate Rift as a sign from the Great Dragon that Ghostwalker was Dunkelzahn reborn. He began to question Dragonson’s purity and adherence to the Great Dragon’s vision, and within a year had declared himself to be the true Messenger. He and his group of followers went west with Ghostwalker to Denver and established themselves there as the Church of the Dragon Reborn.

The schism caused by Joshua Morningstar’s departure from the Children of the Dragon forced Dragonson to open his doors of leadership, allowing for a more democratic process. He realized that with the Children of the Dragon growing so rapidly, there would be other challenges to face, and he wasn’t willing to handle those challenges alone. He recruited a group of High Initiates from the most faithful members of the church. These High Initiates helped Dragonson steer the resources of the Children toward worthy causes and charities.

For many years, the Children of the Dragon sparred publicly and privately with another organization closely associated with Dunkelzahn: the Draco Foundation. The Draco Foundation treated the Children of the Dragon as naïve sycophants, while the Children of the Dragon felt that the Draco Foundation had squandered the gifts of Dunkelzahn. This feud seems to have been put on hold for the moment though, as the Draco Foundation recently appointed High Initiate Alexis Glimmerscale, a changeling, to the Draco Foundation’s Board of Directors.

- Why does everyone assume that when someone is granted a vision of the truth, that person must be insane? Dunkelzahn saved us all from a mass-extinction event, even if no one else could see it. He plotted his own assassination, because no one else knew the truth. He was a great dragon, in more than one sense of the word.

- Plan 9

- Seriously, not this bulldrek again. Look, we know that blood magic was involved in the death of Dunkelzahn. If he was so great, why would he use blood magic?

- Snopes

- To a dragon, all magic is equal.

- Frosty

- That’s a great segue to a rumor I’ve heard recently about the Children of the Dragon using blood magic in some of their rituals. Any truth to that?

**>** Thorn

- I’d rather talk about Dragonson himself. The man has to be nearly seventy now, and his ascetic lifestyle has left its mark on him. He’s giving fewer public appearances, and when I see him lately, he looks like he’s closer to ninety. There’s not much before Crash 2.0, but I found a couple of interesting tidbits: He used to be called David Emerson, and he was part of Dunkelzahn’s campaign staff during his run for president in 2057. Before that, he might have had a criminal record for fraud and embezzlement from the 2040s. Hard to say for sure; the photo I found sucks (seriously, 2D facial recognition is so bad) and he used a different name.

- /dev/grrl

- I’m interested in pursuing both angles. If anyone wants in, let me know.

- Thorn
