---
id: SS-0179
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Forged in Purpose
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Forged in Purpose

The history I’ve been able to uncover suggests the organization predates the Sixth World. We have all seen the evidence of magical beings who existed prior to the Awakening, most notably the writings of Ehran the Scribe. However, those beings are always non-human. The teachings of the Black Lodge suggest the order was founded in the time before our modern world by a human, maintained by humans—magically active or otherwise—throughout the organization, and their mission continues to this day. Before we get into any discussion about that mission, I will point out that unless you travel in the highest circles of society, you have likely never encountered a member of the Lodge in the flesh. The organization carefully controls and culls its membership based on standards reflective of their ultimate goal: power.

The Black Lodge works because it offers members that which they want most in life. For some it is power, others belonging, while still others seek immortality. All of this is within the reach of the Lodge and powered by magic beyond individual understanding. As a result, membership in the Lodge is practically a religion. Potential members are drawn to the order through the belief that magic existed prior to what has become known as the Sixth World and was handed to the care of true humans. They believe elves stole this power and manipulated it to their own means, upsetting the balance and eventually bringing about the down-cycle of magic that led to the Fifth World. This history is collected in a series of texts the order refuses to publish on the Matrix but makes

available in semi-public meeting houses known as chantry houses.

I am compelled to believe this history. In my (albeit brief) research, I discovered elements of this story in many forms of classic mythology. It follows in the eschatological beliefs of many pre-Awakening tribal cultures, including the Hopi myth of a locust returning to the lower world and taking with it the knowledge of magic, is spoken of in the texts, though the Black Lodge’s literature suggests that the relationship between the magic-bearing locust and man was far more complex and resonates in our present interactions with bug spirits.

The historical course of magic as interpreted by the Lodge also correlates with the myths of the Aztecs, who referred to _nextlahualli,_ or payment of mystical debt, as the reason for human sacrifice. The history presented by the Lodge suggests that this sacrifice comes as a result of how magic was first brought into the world, and ultimately argues that the continuation of such practices by non-humans and even dragons is what triggered the cycle of magic to end. The texts speak often of the role of non-humans. According to this history, the six mythological invasions of Irish folklore can be ascribed to attacks from beyond by the non-humans we call metas. This is not to suggest that the Black Lodge is anti-meta. In fact, several of the members I encountered were meta or had metahuman familiars. What is worth noting is that there are no known elven members of the Black Lodge. All questions I asked about the relationship between the Lodge and the elves were met with the same answer: I am not prepared to learn the truth.

- Sounds like standard brainwashing practices to me. Speak of a greater truth, announce that there is one true enemy, and tell the victim that once inducted, they will become soldiers in the fight and receive knowledge and other rewards. It is the same playbook used from the early crusades through the jihads all the way up to Jonestown and beyond. You can’t believe any of it is real.

**>** Snopes

In spite of my father’s involvement, I did not learn of the Lodge from him. I am a scholar mage, and perhaps he feared that I would join and one day rise higher than him. For whatever reason, he shielded me from the Lodge. Despite that, his actions were the breadcrumbs that fed my understanding. It was my pursuit of Helena and her drive to draw me into this organization that revealed to me that my father was a member of the Black Lodge. He would soon prove to be the barrier to my ascension.
