---
id: SS-0139
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Pentacle Needs You
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Pentacle Needs You

- Snopes

**>** To see what this might add up to, we have to remember something from the Sioux Nation download posted here back in 2076, which said: “The possibility of the Yellowstone magma pocket erupting as a massive supervolcano was of some concern even to Daniel Howling Coyote, and a large contingent of shamans from various tribes have resided in the park since 2017, reputedly to pacify the massively powerful spirits who slumber deep underground and prevent the aftershocks from the Great Ghost Dance from disturbing their rest.”

The Sioux Nation kept those shamans in that position for decades. They rotated personnel, of course, but people stayed on guard there for six decades—until 2078, when the supervolcano was disturbed again and almost blew us all to hell.

The shamans positioned there did their job. They kept the volcano from blowing up North America, and instead deflected the energy to the metaplanes, where it opened a gate to the Seelie Court. But what happened after sixty years to make them lose control? Aztechnology happened. We’ve covered that. They were sending teams all over the place looking for power sites connected to the metaplanes, and they send a squad down to Yellowstone. They ran into the shamans guarding the caldera, they got into a skirmish, and things went down. All members of the Aztechnology squad were supposedly killed, and their identities were a closely guarded secret. I’ve only been able to find two names: Enache and Hilario. Both of those names are in the above list.

So now things get a little clearer. Raymundo was part the team invading Yellowstone, and Raymundo ends up missing from Aztlan and in a Seelie dungeon. When the calamity happened, he went through the portal, and the Court decided to imprison him for his crimes. What happened after that? I don’t know.

But let’s get back to the beginning. Aztechnology is helping the Sioux to repay them for what they did under Yellowstone, and they’re not just doing it out of the goodness of their hearts. They want access to the gateway, and they think the best way to get it is to be close to the source.

**>** Elijah

- Do they have an interest in getting Raymundo back?

- Lyran

- Only if they think he’s coherent enough to spill useful information. Judging by the report, he isn’t. I bet they wrote him off.

- Jimmy No
