---
id: SS-0090
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Not So M.I.A. Anymore
page: 46
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Not So M.I.A. Anymore

At the time, I didn’t know really what to make of the Heller situation or the possibilities of what was going on. Could this be the indication that maybe III Corps was part of some kind of secret covert op that went bad, or was the disappearance part of that plan?

One mysterious case of weirdness wasn’t enough to tell me squat. But it was a start. So I recruited a few other specialists to work closely with, and we created a search algorithm to dredge the Matrix for any possible leads. But the process was agonizingly slow, and the drek we had to sift through was heavy and deep. A month in, and all we had to show for our efforts were a lot of data files that were almost complete bulldrek. Oh sure, we found some truly odd, weird, and in some cases disturbing data (which I passed on to parties I knew would be interested), but nothing that tied into III Corps.

We’d been trying to find data to establish a pattern so then we could extend that pattern outward. But it’s pretty hard to come up with a pattern when you’re working with only one example. I’d also considered that maybe, somehow, this was some kind of isolated incident, and there really was nothing else to find.

But that’s went I got another message from my anonymous source. It was another simple text message, but this time was just a tad more ominous. “I need your help—things have accelerated. If you wish to continue your current hobby, meet me here in four hours, or you may have to find another one. Time is of the essence.” The message came with a link to a private chatroom.

- New information, or was someone getting impatient? Anyone want to bet?

- Icarus

The word “trap” came to mind. But at this point, I’d hit a brick wall, and my investigation was going nowhere. And the message didn’t say anything about bringing a few friends …

So four hours later, Polaris, another trusted associate, Heimdall-R, rode double-shotgun and
