---
id: SS-0149
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Experiment 3.3
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Experiment 3.3

- Prolonged torture of single individual, no fatality.

- Initial reading: 152 lumens

- End reading: 141 lumens

- Time to return to base: 112 hours

8 Possible complicating factors in this series: individual variations in torture endurance and pain thresholds; skills and tactics employed by operators; subjects’ perceptions of operators based on metatype, assumed class, etc.; ambient temperature and weather conditions. Consistency in tool used, quality of tools, and absence of any individuals for at least a kilometer were assured as part of the experimental design.

- That footnote’s clinical remove is blood-chilling. The easiest comparison is all the procedural memos the Nazis made while carrying out their final solution. The banality of evil indeed.

- **>** Fianchetto

- So Magical Investors Group is purely bottom-line focused, morals be damned, huh? Can’t say I’m surprised.

- **>** Jimmy No

- MIG tends to operate pretty loosely, so it’s not clear if any of the others knew about this experiment when it was occurring, or what they did when they heard about it. This means the key to shutting this project down may be as simple as letting corps and banks associated with MIG know about this activity.

- Elijah

- Yeah, but once you expose ’em, you can’t blackmail ’em. What a waste.

- Kane



- Yes, the experiment is evil, but let’s not overlook the scope of what they think they’ve achieved. A standardized way to measure mana levels is huge, and it becomes even more important if they develop standardized ways to affect astral space. Shadowruns devised to either spike or lower local mana levels will dramatically increase. Temporarily lowering ambient mana at a particular spot could become a new form of antimagic defense. The Awakened world would become an evershifting minefield.

- Mika

- The more we try to tighten our grip on mana, the more it will slip through our fingers.

- Man-of-Many-Names

- MoMN gets somewhat lucid, and it’s because he’s paraphrasing Star Wars.

- Cosmo

- Most of the pieces of what I’m trying to show are in place. There’s one more critical thing to cover, and it has to do with my excursion to Antarctica several years ago.

- Elijah

- You don’t know how long I’ve been waiting for details on this.

- Frosty

- Oh, I have a pretty good idea. Anyway, I’m not sharing my own impressions here, because my time with the Antarctic phenomenon was lamentably short. Instead, I’m sharing the thoughts of one of the Aztechnology scientists who was there and got to study it in more detail. Her observations square with mine.

- Elijah
