---
id: SS-0123
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: "\u201CSite 000,\u201D a.k.a. The Dutchville black site (special rules)"
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## “Site 000,” a.k.a. The Dutchville black site (special rules)

Immediately following the disappearance of III Corps and the city and residents of Dutchville, Pennsylvania, the UCAS responded by sending in troops to secure the area, effectively treating it as a massive crime scene. Crude perimeter barriers were quickly erected while the Army Corps of Engineers brought in prefab buildings. As the site became operational, new personnel rotated in. This staff did not technically exist on any known database, and as the UCAS collapsed, they took over all on-site operations. Referred as “Site Zero” or “Triple Zero” to personnel, this facility not only secures the Dutchville disappearance area but also serves as a research station studying the effects of the local manasphere and erstwhile checkpoint to the plane of Dis. To keep these facts a secret, the facility is staffed by crack security operatives who do not hesitate to use lethal force. **Modified Ares Roadmasters** (armor rating 20 w/ machine gun mounts) regularly patrol inside and outside the perimeter with ground and drone support.

Currently, Site 000 is approximately one square kilometer with layers of different barriers. The outer perimeter is made up of crude **razor wire** approximately three meters high (3P damage). Between the outer and inner perimeter are **hidden ultrasound and motion sensor arrays** (rating 6). The inner perimeter is approximately one hundred meters from the outer and is made of a composite duraplast-ferracrete material with a structure rating of 18. Guard posts are built into the wall every three hundred meters. Featuring small “murder slats” similar to ancient fortresses, only half of these stations are normally manned but can be quickly activated in case of an alert. Multiple rating 6 area jammers can also be activated, creating a jamming field that encompasses the entire facility. The communications array on the main building has both a sat-link system and emergency shortwave radio functions. Finally, all Matrix systems have defense ratings/attribute ratings of 7.

In the center of the site are several prefab and permanent buildings such as a landing pad/ strip, barracks, maintenance, and medical facility (structure rating 14, all locks rating 5). The main research and command center are permanent and are significantly more durable (structure rating 19, all locks rating 6)

This information only reflects rumors and the few rare eyewitness accounts as of 1/1/2081. The site is constantly upgrading and making preparations for expansion.
