---
id: SS-0167
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Cover Memo
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cover Memo

Sorry I had to get out of there so fast, and I will forever be grateful that you pulled me out. Everything went down much faster than I expected. You have my full report, transmitted securely, but I want to make sure you look at what it says about the Envoy. He’s both a victim of torture and the product of one of the strangest transformations I’ve ever seen. I didn’t get to talk to him, so I don’t know how much of him is left inside the shell. But at least we know they have an interest in keeping him alive, because a walking mana battery doesn’t come easily.

- “Walking mana battery”?

- Chiron

- Yes, that phrase caught my attention to, so I’ve tried to find out more. As near as I can tell, it’s a person who becomes a walking mana flow, built to be the companion of spellcasters and adepts to boost their abilities by their mere presence. As our friend indicated, it’s not entirely clear what happens to the individual— if they retain their personality, or even their will. But they at least retain their mobility, and that’s enough to gain the interest of any researcher who hears about it.

- Elijah

- I know this disclaimer can go on pretty much anything big corps do, but we all know this is totally evil, right? It’s blood magic, but worse, as it doesn’t even have the decency to kill its victims or give them a chance to recover. It makes people into tools. Which, yes, the megacorps do every day, but this is on a different scale—and you have to believe if they figure out how to do this efficiently, they’ll bring this to a merciless scale. I’d anticipate every corporate mage getting two or three walking mana batteries. It’s an entirely new form of slavery, and they’re really eager make it happen.

- Jimmy No

- I wish I could say this story is full of shit, but it’s not. I hadn’t heard all these details before, but I had some inkling about this last part. The good news is, the way I heard about it is from some people who want to resist it. With Elijah’s permission, I’ll throw another document into the stream here.

- Rainbow
