---
id: SS-0069
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: mana ebbs and fLows
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## mana ebbs and fLows

Various conditions can contribute to the mana levels of certain spots changing, either increasing the available magic or making it more difficult to channel. Intense events (emotionally intense, magically intense, whatever) can leave a residue in the the manasphere, twisting or enhancing it. For the purposes of this book, there are five forms of mana shifts:

**High mana flow:** High mana flows can be aspected toward a particular tradition, and any Awakened individual of that tradition using the Magic attribute in the area automatically gains a bonus Edge before a test.

**Low mana flow:** Low mana flows can be aspected toward a particular tradition, and any Awakened individual of that tradition using the Magic attribute in the area gain 1 bonus die on any test where Magic is part of the dice pool.

**Low mana ebb:** Low mana flows can be aspected toward a particular tradition, and any Awakened individual of a different tradition using the Magic attribute in the area receives a –1 dice pool penalty on any test where Magic is part of the dice pool.

**High mana ebb:** High mana flows can be aspected toward a particular tradition, and any Awakened individual of a different tradition using the Magic attribute cannot gain or spend Edge on tests using the Magic attribute.

**Mana void:** No magic at all can be performed in these areas, including alchemical preparations.

Note that flows and ebbs do not have to be aspected; in those cases, the listed effects are felt by all Awakened individuals in the area.

The one great positive of this place is the magic that infuses it. The massive well of mana here makes spells effortless to cast. With virtually no strain, the process of casting becomes a mental manipulation rather than a mix of manipulation and restraint.

**>** I’ve researched these places for years. They are deadly to mundanes and even most Awakened. The lore I’ve discovered connected to them makes them out to be a host for Wizard Duels. The easy access to mana makes the place a battle of wills and skills rather than a place focused on pulling power from across a veil.

**>** AgedArcanist
