---
id: SS-0205
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: What They Want
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## What They Want

The Cottingley League seeks to strengthen existing and build new connections with the Seelie Court. They hope that allying with the fae will facilitate this goal, and that with both fae and metahumanity working together, more bridges between the worlds can be established intentionally, using the Yellowstone Anomaly as a model. They are likely to pursue any potential resource that might possibly aid them in accomplishing this goal, no matter how tenuous or unlikely.

When it comes to more immediate goals, the Cottingley League wants to obtain as much information about the Yellowstone Anomaly as possible. Publicly available research data is limited, so they’ve begun making inquiries to acquire additional data. They have contacted several corporations and organizations, requesting to share information and resources to make research easier. Unfortunately, their requests have so far been ignored or rebuffed.

They’re also seeking resources: finances, ritual and reagent materials, research facilities, and qualified talent to aid in research and investigation regarding portals, metaplanes, and astral phenomena. They’re not too picky about how they get what they want, either. As long as locations can be secured and no one will come looking for the materials they obtain, they’re happy. Scientists of all branches of metahumanity have been approached for recruitment, as have metasapients and spirits.
