---
id: SS-0103
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: from helsinki with love!
page: 55
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## from helsinki with love!

Dear DK,

Wanted to drop you a line regarding my little visit here in **wonderful** Helsinki! First off, people here are a bit freaked out. Do a quick search, and you’ll find a whole slew of news reports talking about the “freak lightning storm” that hit here a week ago, about five kilometers south of the city proper in the Gulf of Finland. At first it was all fun, sort of an “Oooo, look at the pretty storm” kind of thing. That was until magicians who were traveling astrally through the area ran smack into what I’m guessing was that manasphere distortion you mentioned.

Anyway, my local contacts tell me at least three mages were affected and in their words “cut their silver cord.” Now, from what they told me, that represents the connection an astral magician has to their body. Lose it somehow, and you’re dead. Except this time, those who lost their cords didn’t die—not exactly, or at least not at first. Apparently their astral form was, for the lack of a better term, sucked into another metaplane. And without the cord, that’s when they actually died. And of course, the Scandinavian Union doesn’t want to cause a panic, so they did what most governments do and swept it under the rug and found ways to whitewash it.

But that’s not all. I got a nice visit at my hotel last night from a couple of vary serious-looking individuals wearing very nice suits who tried to get me to go along with them by showing me some very nasty guns under their nice suit jackets. Apparently they wanted to talk about my current lines of inquiry regarding that storm. Who knew meteorology was such a touchy subject around here?

Anyway again, I managed to avoid hearing what they had to say thanks to the bodyguard I had the foresight to hire when I agreed to help with your investigation. Don’t ask what she did to those slags in suits, even I don’t want to know.

Sorry I wasn’t able to get much paydata for you, but my impression is that someone wants to keep any and all information regarding this locked down tight and isn’t afraid to stack bodies to do it. So on that note, I’ll catch you around. I’m going to get out of the SU before anyone else wants to have a chat.

Sincerely, Jones
