---
id: SS-0008
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 5
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Introduction

Everything still has a price. There are great powers in the Sixth World, and they can do things we might have trouble imagining, but there’s still a price they need to pay. The grander the action, the higher the price.

In early 2081, the UCAS, one of the mightiest nations in the Sixth World, nearly collapsed. One of their largest employers—Ares, the last megacorp headquartered in the nation—announced that they were leaving. The nation then had an entire army corps disappear, followed by blackouts hitting several major cities and subsequent economic and physical devastation. Neighboring nations then came in to sweep up the wreckage, and large sections of the border areas departed for greener pastures. What was left was a shell.

Bringing down a nation like that doesn’t come easy. There’s a price to be paid, and it doesn’t always come in a currency you recognize. _Slip Streams_ shows some of that price, and how the payment might be higher than anyone expected.

**Frayed Fabric** starts the book with a description of what’s going on in the Sixth World—alchera and other tears in the fabric of reality appearing across the world. **Soldiers of III Corps** connects those ruptures to the troops from the missing UCAS Army corps—some of which are now returning. **Bad Mojo** pushes the issue further, looking at some of the possible causes of these tears and how different powers of the world might be taking advantage of them. Should the runners want to be involved in the investigation into the alchera, **Who You Gonna Call?** profiles some of the organizations interested in this part of the Sixth World, focusing on their goals and activities. **Hiring Board** gets more specific, looking at a few dozen jobs available that runners could take on. **Cast of Shadows** has the game stats on


people they might meet while on the job, while **Game Information** provides rules connected to the events and phenomena in this book.
