---
id: SS-0344
source: Slip Streams
chapter: cast of shadows
topic: RazorRhino
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## RazorRhino

This creature is a fantastical abomination that did not evolve in our ecosystem but would definitely throw off the top levels of apex predators if it stuck around. It’s a quadruped with a thick body, powerful hind legs, and claws capable of gripping or ripping on its forelimbs. It has a short tail and a thick armored hide. Its head is elongated and looks like a mix between a rhino and a canine with three sharp horns that it uses to gore, tear through obstacles, and overturn trees and rocks on the ground in search of food. It is omnivorous, but the lower its Essence gets, the more carnivorous is becomes, as it needs to feed off the Essence of its prey along with the flesh.

Several have come through portals around the world. Their presence on our metaplane isn’t natural, and all of them suffer from a form of Essence loss that makes them increasingly aggressive the lower their Essence gets. They lose a single point of Essence for each lunar phase they are present on this plane, instead of the normal lunar month.


## RazorRhino

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M EDG ESS<br>10 3 5 12 3 2 5 6 6 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>22 9/2 A1, I3 13 10/20/+2<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Astral 6 (Astral Signatures +2), Athletics 6, Close Combat 7, Influence 5 (Intimidation +3), Outdoors 3, Perception 5, Stealth 3 (Sneaking +2) **Powers:** Armor (6), Dual-Natured, Enhanced Senses (low-light vision, smell, thermographic vision), Essence Drain, Hardened Armor (6), Mimicry, Mystic Hardened Armor (4), Natural Weapons

**Weaknesses:** Essence Loss (Lunar Phase), Vulnerability (Orichalcum)
