---
id: SS-0028
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: '<Transcribed Speech from a Believer: Ire>'
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## <Transcribed Speech from a Believer: Ire>

The Glow will redeem. The Glow will protect. The Glow will transport. Behold the day of reckoning. Our final phase as the Glow finally opens the veil to our true destiny. The course has been laid out, and only the true believers shall be given way into the heart of the Glow. Faith for the wanderers is rewarded with the holy green path. Fear not the glowing gateway, as it is your salvation. Step forth into the light and the love of the almighty Glow.

We have long known the truth of the name of our home, and others will finally see that Glow City was not some moniker of shame placed on our holy land by those who fail to see the glory of radiation, but instead a touch of the inspiration of the Glow to lead its true followers to the land of their salvation and redemption.

If you believe, walk the streets, seek the shining path, and step into the Glow.

- This was fun. Dealing with wackjobs always is. This is one of the leads I confirmed for K, since I spend a decent amount of time in this region anyway and there was another interested party willing to offer a few rent payments for my eyes on this band of weirdos.

I can confirm they are not entirely crazy, and they wander around the Glow City area of Redmond looking for glowing portals. When they open up, each one grabs a nearby “believer” (or, more properly, an innocent bystander) and rushes in like a madman before it closes. They’re almost always led by one of “The Returned” who orchestrates the efforts and keeps the madness burning.

From what I’ve found, The Returned are always worshippers who have crossed over and come back. Every one of them has a unique signature on their aura that I haven’t linked to any specific spell or person, and none of them are willing, or able, to be taken alive. I suspect some aspect of that signature is a suicide spell, but I have not been able to analyze it in depth. **>** Ire
