---
id: SS-0191
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: The Basics
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Basics

As directed by Dunkelzahn’s Will, the Astral Space Preservation Society was begrudgingly established by the Draco Foundation and the Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research (DIMR) in 2058. The late great dragon envisioned an organization that would study and protect astral space, creating a bridge between its denizens and metahumanity. Neither the Draco Foundation nor the



Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research had any interest in supporting the Astral Space Preservation Society, and the organization floundered with no budget and a board of directors that viewed their newly assigned positions as career enders. The board suffered an appalling degree of turnover, replacing half of the eight members in the first quarter alone. Regardless, the Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research directed the organization to begin massive research projects, including research into Dunkelzahn’s Rift, tracking of toxic domains worldwide, and unraveling the astral disaster in Chicago.

After two years, the Astral Space Preservation Society stabilized under the leadership of Ibu Air, a free spirit who believed in the mission statement established by Dunkelzahn in his will. As the executive director, they secured funding from third-party sources, most notably the great dragon Hestaby. By 2062, Ibu Air had tripled their operating budget and wiped clean a one hundred million nuyen debt. In 2064, the Astral Space Preservation Society severed their ties to the Draco Foundation and the Dunkelzahn Institute of Magical Research, much to their displeasure. Over the next decade, the Astral Space Preservation Society gained prestige as one of the world’s leading authorities on astral space and associated phenomena, with offices across the world.

Unfortunately, the Astral Space Preservation Society took a major hit when Hestaby was ousted from Mount Shasta, and several board members were killed when the Shasta Shamans were wiped out. Following the Dragon Civil War, the Astral Space Preservation Society found itself in the midst of a financial disaster, projecting a quarterly deficit of nearly forty million nuyen in 2077. The Astral Space Preservation Society’s image was tainted by their association with the disgraced great dragon, and they lost nearly all of their financial support. In a last-ditch effort to secure steady finding, the board of directors eventually accepted a large contribution from Wuxing, giving that corp far more influence than it used to have with the organization.
