---
id: SS-0185
source: Slip Streams
chapter: General
topic: Organizational Profiles
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Organizational Profiles

those who cannot use it. Whether they’re burnedout mages or mundanes who never Awakened looking for a taste of power, the members of the Aleph Society have given decades of effort to challenging one of the core tenets of Sixth World magic: that it does not go to those whom it has not chosen. The Society doesn’t mess around with its efforts—they have focused on building connections to powerful spirits through ancient tomes known as the Book of Gaf and the Book of Tak, and reports say they are seeking two other books, the Book of Dru and the Book of Obe. They aren’t exactly sure what would happen if they managed to make pacts with all four spirits, but they’re pretty sure it would be remarkable. They just want it to be the right kind of remarkable.

Sierra LaGuardia leads the Society with a ruthless efficiency, and her management style seems to have the approval of Gaf, as the two are reported to have a strong relationship. Gaf’s abilities remain unclear, but the fact that it is likely both powerful and ruthless is not at all comforting. The Society hasn’t gotten regular enough results from Gaf to reach their goal—if they did, we’d be hearing about it a lot more—but they must have made enough encouraging progress to keep them chasing down this path. Their growth has been slow, but it’s been happening, as they sort through potential members and find the ones who fit best. Their careful selection process means each new member brings strength without diluting their dedication to the cause.

- LaGuardia will still punish anyone who crosses her, but she’s gotten better at cultivating friends. She knows her numbers are small and that friendships are important, so she’s worked harder to cultivate allies. Still, she’ll cut a bitch when she needs to.

- Kat-o’-Nine-Tales

- I’ve worked with a crew to put together some quick profiles of groups who are interested in magical phenomena and would likely have an interest in the emerging alchera. If you get involved in this mess, you’ll likely run into some of these in one way or another, so it would be good to know who you might be up against.

- Lyran
