---
id: SSt-0106
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Run
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Run**

**Confdent that, for once, the runners had not been told half-truth, they took the job and started investigating Mr. Smith’s daughter; we’ll call her Alice and her mom Carol. While they acted like this was “just another job,” a few members of the team were happy to do good and were also sympathetic to both Mr. Smith and his offspring’s situation.**

**First, they looked into the mother, Carol, who quickly went from a high-priced escort to a prostitute at the Loveland Bump & Sleep in Puyallup.**

- **As horrible as it may sound, keeping the unwanted child of a rich customer tends to destroy this kind of “high-class” sexworker career. You’re off the biz for a few months but, even then, madames and other intermediaries just put you out of the rotation. So now she has a child depending on her and most likely little money saved due to her expensive lifestyle of the last few years. Talk about the machine swallowing you and spitting you out …**

- **Hard Exit**

**A little bit of good old-fashioned canvassing on the brothel quickly revealed that Carol was dead, killed by an angry customer a few years back.**

- **For what it’s worth, Bump & Sleep is controlled by the Mafia and one of their goons geeked the John in question. They were just too late to save Carol.**

- **Jimmy Kincaid**

- **Hey, newbie runners, take some notes here. Canvassing is not just for cops!**

- **Slamm-0!**

**Fortunately for the runners, but not for her, Carol’s daughter took her mom’s place at the brothel after her death. Yes, you did the math correctly, Alice was a teenager and underaged. You are not naive enough to think anyone would care about that, customers and pimps alike, especially in the Barrens, right?**

- **To the Mafia’s credit, they did not use her youth in their marketing material. In all of her AROs, she looked older than she really was. Erika, the Mafia soldier running the place back then, was an honest ork. I believe she let Alice slip into her mother’s shoes to help her out, not to exploit her—as bleak as it may sound.**

- **Haze**

**==> picture [17 x 154] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **Yeah, no, pimping out a minor is exploitation, no matter your intentions or anything else.**

- **Pistons**

**By this time, people at the brothel had not seen Alice for almost a year. So the runners tracked down her squat nearby. There they found, instead of her, her own kid, Jason. One of her customers knocked her up and, like her mom before her, she decided to keep the baby. Talking to her “roommate,” a weird-ass troll with some sort of speech impediment (fun for the team), they learned that some other runners showed up out of nowhere, and snagged her a few months ago.**

**Our brave runners did not give up there and decided to look for the team behind this job. Thanks to the description provided by the troll and a tour of the usual runners’ haunts in Seattle, they quickly identifed the crew that kidnapped Alice. However, most of them had died since then and the only one alive, a dwarf named Teddy, was very hard to locate. In fact, he had been in hiding for months.**

- **Another note to the noobs reading this file: If you are suave about it, going around local shadow haunts of all sorts (bars, chop-shops, hackers nests, even talismonger’ shops) is a good way to get intel and understand what is happening on your run. You can also put feelers out so that people in the know may contact you to sell or trade their information.**

- **Slamm-0!**

**They kept alluding to the people they talked to, including their contacts, that there would be a payday for Teddy if he came to them. This approach worked, and a member of the Red Hot Nukes called them out of nowhere. Turns out that Teddy used to be in the gang (under a more explosive street name), and they were willing to organize a meet between the team and their buddy. Note that this happened only because the runners had a good rep.**

- **Another hint to the most mercenary among us: This is the kind of break you’ll never get.**

- **Jimmy Kincaid**

**Clearly at the end of his rope, Teddy crawled out of his hole to meet the runners. He agreed to reveal what happened to Alice in exchange for a bit of money and, more importantly, their help leaving Seattle. He told them most of his story before a sniper took him out and then used the team for target practice. They all survived, but two got badly hurt. One of them quit the shadows after this run, in fact.**

**Now, let’s see what they missed here.**
