---
id: SSt-0225
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Spread Your Money Around
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Spread Your Money Around**

**Law enforcement absolutely loves seizing money from criminals. Don’t let them ruin you. Spread your assets around so that if one pot gets found and seized, you have plenty of others. Don’t invest in personal projects, especially projects of friends. You don’t want emotions in your fnances, and you don’t want things that can be used to trace anything about you. Plus, when friends hit you up for a “sure-fre” investment opportunity, it usually sucks.**

**We could have a whole long discussion about moral investing and whether that’s even possible, but this is not the place for that. I’ll just give you my opinion: Don’t invest in any corporations rated by the Corporate Court. They only got a rating because they sought it, and the things they had to do to seek and obtain such a rating are what keeps the world the mess it is. There are other places to put your money.**

**Ideally, at all times you have a fake SIN you’re not using at all, and that SIN has a bank account connected to it that has enough to sustain you for at least six months. That way, if things go south, you can disappear quickly and thoroughly without having to live in a refrigerator box.**

- **How out of touch is all this drek? A good fake SIN with six months of living expenses tied to it? There are people with fifteen, twenty thousand nuyen that they can just sit on in case something bad happens? Hell, I’m desperately saving up for my next taco!**
