---
id: SSt-0046
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Favors
page: 46
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Favors**

**One of the most useful forms of currency in the shadows isn’t money or goods—it’s favors. While some contacts prefer only to do business with cold, hard credsticks, most are more than happy to deal in favors—as long as your rep is decent, at least. This is one of the critical reasons why you should be as trustworthy as your work allows. If you’ve been known to stiff or double-cross your contacts, they’re much less likely to value a favor from you because the risk that you can’t be trusted to redeem that favor when they cash it in is too high. If you’re an unknown, this can also be a problem for you for some time, but an easy way to establish your reliability and usefulness—besides not fragging over your people—is to do some favors for people. It builds up your rep, and it builds up trust with your contacts. The matter of reputation goes both ways as well—don’t waste your time doing favors for someone who’s been known to frag over or sell out runners. Unfortunately, you usually won’t fnd out that someone is untrustworthy until they betray you, and that’s always a hard and expensive way to fnd out who not to trust—but that’s just how it goes sometimes. You’re going to have to take some risks, so be prepared to be disappointed every now and then, and don’t get too discouraged when it happens—it’s just the cost of doing business.**

**There are numerous ways to gain favors with a contact: completing a job for them, providing them with paydata, preventing inconveniences, purchasing goods or services without asking for a discount, sending business their way, tossing some nuyen their way, tipping well, and helping them expand their infuence and capabilities. Losing favor is also easy: causing inconvenience or harm, selling paydata to their competitors, or negotiating too hard for extra nuyen when they’re trying to hire you for a run. Don’t mistake my advice here— you should always try to get Mr. Johnson to pay top nuyen. However, when it’s one of your contacts hiring you instead, you might consider that it might be more valuable to build up favors than to squeeze more nuyen out of them.**

**Depending on the type of contact, you can cash in your favors for different services or benefts. One of the most useful things you can use favors for is to get help reducing your heat by spreading rumors, laying false trails, and talking you up. Contacts with medical skills or healing spells can be called on to patch you up, and contacts with technical skills and tools can fx your damaged gear. You can also cash in favors to gain access to black-market goods, get a discount on gear, have them do some legwork or provide information for**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**you, provide access to a safehouse, or even get you some nuyen either by hooking you up with a quick side gig or loaning you money. One of my favorite ways to use favors with fxers, information brokers, and other social types is to get an introduction to a new contact—it’s one of the easiest ways to build up a network, and people are much more likely to feel better about doing business with people who come recommended by someone they know. Take extra care to make a good impression when your contacts introduce you to others, as your actions will refect on their reputation as well as your own.**

- **Don’t be afraid to owe favors, either. A lot of chummers don’t like to owe anyone, and I get that, but keep in mind that you’re worth more to someone if you owe them something. There are benefits to being in debt, such as your debtors having a personal stake in your success and continued survival. Just don’t get in over your head.**

- **Argent**


**by helping them move up in the world. This takes considerable effort, time, and nuyen, but having a contact with better connections who’s indebted to you for helping them get to where they are is a reward worth considering. When you fnally help your contact improve their own connections, you can expect to either gain a signifcant number of favors or dramatically improve their loyalty toward you. In addition to gaining favors and loyalty, you’ll be able to gain better access to goods and services through that contact from then on. You can’t afford to do this for all of your contacts, so choose who you’re willing to devote these efforts to carefully. It’s probably best to invest in just a few contacts in this way, and these will be the most critical people in your network.**
