---
id: SSt-0207
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: There is a fine line between a shadowrun and a war crime.
page: 142
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **There is a fine line between a shadowrun and a war crime.**

**Sebastian hadn’t just recruited Deacon for his magic, which was considerable. In addition to stellar pecs and being a skilled shaman, Deacon was an expert chemist and had been trained by his Humanis handlers to manufacture combat drugs, crowd-control agents, and bioweapons. Our entry plan hinged around Deacon whipping up a delayed-action special sauce that would incapacitate the trolls once they’d all eaten dinner and returned to their duty stations.**

**Deacon got the “delayed” part of the plan down, but he clearly hadn’t understood the rest of the assignment. What he created was a lot less crowd control and a lot more bioweapon.**

**On the night of the mission, we drove our normal route. When we reached AchTech, we switched out the gochujang sauce for Deacon’s blend and laid it on thick. Telling the trolls who came out to place their order that we’d reached the end of our shift, we gave away enough meals cover all the guards inside and then some. If there’s one truth to**

**night-shift work, it’s that no one turns down a free meal when everywhere else is closed.**

**Happy with their haul, the poor bastards went back inside. After that, we waited an hour and drove right up to the gate. We didn’t get any answer when we tried to page the main desk, which we took to mean our Good Night Taco Platters had done their job and we were good to go. We did the necessary hacking to bring down the building’s automated security and started our run.**

**What we found inside was horrifc. On the best of days, spicy food can go right through you, but that’s normally just an expression. This was the worst of days, and that phrase had become downright literal. I will spare you the offal details and reach way back to an old computer game reference to explain what we encountered all the way down to the server room: Every troll in the building would not be reaching the end of the Oregon Trail.**

**The stench was brain-melting, even with our flter masks. Some of the halls were impossible to traverse, and we resorted more than once to breach charges just to avoid having to wade to the stairs. At the bottom of the building, due to drainage and the utter trauma we had caused, the team had to deal with a massive, unbound toxic spirit.**

**The thing was raging, utterly insane. By the time we fnally destroyed it, Spanners was dead and Frost’s left arm was riddled with corruption. I’ll leave its manifested form to your imagination. The word “Golgothan” comes to mind.**

**In the end, we managed to secure the cores and vacate the premises before anyone at the AchTech remote site became aware of our intrusion. We got clear of the site, burned every last piece of gear we were wearing, and swore never to speak of the night again. Aside from Seb, I have never run with any of the others again, and my sanity thanks me for it.**

**In many ways, it was a textbook shadowrun and a testament to good planning and great leadership. Sebastian Colt was with us the whole way, providing what we needed when we needed it and supporting the team from start to fnish. He led without ego, gave us room to use our skill sets, and made sure we all got the fee we’d been promised.**

**In other ways, this shadowrun scarred me for life. Sometimes an effective way to do a run is not the right way and success doesn’t always feel like a victory. I believe Deacon did not mean for his concoction to do what it did, but that doesn’t mean I’ll ever go on a mission with him again. I don’t blame him for the horrors he unleashed or even the loss of our teammate, but I just can’t get past his lack of remorse.**

**I guess when you’re raised by people who believe humanity is fghting a war for survival, their “anything goes” mentality is something you can never quite get past.**

**I still get a little twitchy in certain parts of town, and I haven’t eaten a taco in years. I left Chicago**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [212 x 167] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 200] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [212 x 168] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 200] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 68] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 367] intentionally omitted \<==**

**for a while after that and plied my trade in other cities until events bigger than my own mental trauma brought me back. Some of you know what I’m talking about, and for those of you that don’t? Don’t ask.**
