---
id: SSt-0198
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Word of Mouth
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Word of Mouth**

**The grandparent of all the ways to fnd help, and to my mind still the best. Yeah, your personal network is limited and may have little chance of putting you in direct contact with** _**the best shadowrunner in the world**_ **, whoever that might be and whatever that means, but you rarely** _**need**_ **the best shadowrunner in the world. You need someone you can trust, someone reliable, and someone affordable. You fnd that person by checking your network. You ask people you’ve run with, fxers you like, the rare Mr. Johnson you trust, that sort of thing. If you reach out to good people, odds are you’ll hear about good people (if you reach out to treacherous dickheads, on the other hand, you’ll basically get the cast list from the most recent state penitentiary musical production).**

**But to be clear: Ask people you know you can trust. Asking someone you recently met who** _**seems**_ **really smart and trustworthy for recommendations is a great way to get yourself set up or conned.**

- **And don’t just ask for someone “good.” Be specific. What should they do well, and how are you defining “well”? You want a good hacker, sure, but do you want a brute force specialist or**

**someone who can sleaze their way in? You want a good rigger, but do your want a driver, an air pilot, or a drone ace? Give your contacts enough info to steer you in the right direction. > Kay St. Irregular**
