---
id: SSt-0018
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: \<<\<Sysop 02 removed 4.1 Mp of data>>>
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **\<<\<Sysop 02 removed 4.1 Mp of data>>>**

- **Okay, just like before. Let’s keep it on topic.**

- **Bull**

- **I get what you’re saying about the Predator, but the burst-fire capability on the Pred-VI is nice. Jury is still out on its ammoselection capability, though. Some reports have been coming in saying it’s less than reliable, and the smartgun system’s firewall may be especially vulnerable to hacking. But I got one, and so far, so good.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **I switched over to the Predator V couple of years ago and quickly slapped a personalized gecko grip on it. Even got the barrel and slide shortened to be a bit faster on the draw, but she’s still a bit chunky. But I don’t mind. Predators aren’t too common here in the UK (yet), mainly because of import laws and what I’m guessing are some not-so-subtle influences from S-K Europe. But they’ve started to work their way into the black markets here and are becoming quite popular. Some of my mates gave me some drek, saying that I was simply buying into the hype. But frag me if it wasn’t one of the best decisions I’ve made. I think I’m gonna get the VI here as soon as one of my black-market contacts gets one in.**

- **Chainmaker**

- **As good a rep as the Predators and Manhunters have (I even looked at getting one of the newest Manhunters at one point), I prefer an Ingram Smartgun XI (modified, of course, with trigger removed and smartlink installed). Comes stock with just about everything I need and gets the job done. And it fits nice on my Regulator Gauntlets, which keep my hands free for axes and other blades.**

- **2XL**

- **Is Ingram paying you by the word to advertise?**

- **Clockwork**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



- **Do you ever actually contribute to a conversation or just drekpost?**

- **2XL**

- **I just looked up the Ingram. Kinda wiz. You always pack just an SMG?**

- **> Pike**

- **Just an SMG, he says. You have been sheltered.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **You’re new, so I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt this time. I’m a troll, so an SMG for me is about the size of a light pistol for you. But no, I consider that my personal carry. For work, I go for the big stuff, mainly because I can carry MGs like most people would an assault rifle. I used to like the Nemesis Arms LMG packed with APDS rounds for that added “frag you” factor, but I recently switched over to the Ingram White Knight Mods 1 and 2 (suck it, Clockwork), added a blast shield for extra protection, and had it modified for easy breakdown. And yeah, they both have smartgun upgrades, the trigger removed, metahuman adaptions, and improved gas venting. Top it off with a gyromount, and you’d better stay out of my way.**

- **> 2XL**

- **Huh, neat. Never realized this, as trolls weren’t allowed in my old gang.**

- **Pike**

- **You don’t have a problem with trolls, do you?**

- **> 2XL**

- **Not unless they’re trying to kill me. That goes for anyone, though.**

- **Pike**

- **Liking this kid more. But don’t let them give you any drek about a wheel gun. When I’m out on the water, I always carry my Ruger Warhawk paired with a Remington Roomsweeper as my go-to sidearms. Both are treated to withstand the rigors of maritime use—salt corrosion is the real deal and will kill any good gun. The Sweeper is great for tight confines and boarding actions, while the Warhawk is good for putting big holes in people—or their boats. Because I work on boats and ships a lot, CQB is a big concern, but the Colt Cobra 120 SMG with the smartgun upgrade and gecko grip (things get slippery on the water) suits me just fine for that. When they come out, someone’s gonna meet Davy Jones.**

- **> Kane**

- **How do you put holes in boats with a pistol? And should I look out for this Davy Jones slag?**

- **> Pike**

- **Ha! No, only if you slot me off or get in my way, kid. But to answer your question, sometimes all you need is the right kind of ammo and know exactly where to shoot. Or just attach explosives—that works too.**

- **Kane**

- **Seriously, is this amateur hour? Is JackPoint letting anyone in now? How old is this fragging kid?**

- **0rkCE0**

- **None of your business, that’s how old I am. Got something to say, say it. Otherwise, keep your teeth together.**

- **Pike**

- **Hey, Sensei. Better teach your little pet here how to show respect to his betters, or someone else is going to teach him the hard way.**

- **0rkCE0**

- **First, I teach is that respect is given to those who give it first. Second, I teach people to stand up for themselves. Third, “his betters?” Not even close. There’s a reason I took this kid on, and he’s impressed me more than you ever have. And, if you think you’re the one to teach that lesson about respect, you’re welcome to try.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Yellow card to all of you, keep it civil or get a time out.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Pike, if you’re looking for a good alternative down the road, I’d suggest looking at the Colt L36. It’s cheap, easy to find, easy to mod-up, and won’t be any major loss if you’re forced to ditch it. I keep several of them in my arsenal for just such a reason.**

- **> Balladeer**

- **Really? An L36? Yeah, it’s cheap and shoots okay. But it’s kind of weak. I suggest going with something a bit beefier, to be honest.**

- **> Stone**

- **Oh, hate to interrupt, but all this talk about guns reminded me of this: If anyone needs to get their hands on some bang-bangs, I’ll start dropping some possible contacts as I get permission to list them. Let them know I sent you; they’ll treat you right.**

- **> Cosmo**

- **I’d suggest looking at machine pistols once your general skills improve, Pike. They offer a lot of flexibility in a small package. Friend of mine gave me their Black Scorpion about … wow, it’s been almost ten years now. I’ve only had to use it maybe three times, but each time I’m glad I had it. Just recently got it upgraded with a biometric reader and a taser-shock security system. I still have my spells, but bullets don’t incur drain. That, and people for some reason don’t expect magicians to pack guns. Idiots.**

- **Lyran**

- **I don’t know what some of those are yet, but I like the sound of that last one.**

- **Pike**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
