---
id: SSt-0193
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "It\u2019s Okay to Train People"
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **It’s Okay to Train People**

**When you hire someone to do a job, you expect them to be able to do it. You don’t want to have to hold their hand through every step of the run. That’s as it should be. People should have knowledge and should be able to fll roles other team members can’t. There’s a mindset, though, that says if people really are good at their jobs, they’ll just be able to hit the ground running with a team, do everything they’re required to do, and never have to ask a question.**

**Note that I’m not saying you have to welcome all personality types. Amoral racist agitator, person who lies about actually doing any part of the job, and other more fringe types are certainly to be avoided. While there may be more than one way to skin a cat, there are also more than a few approaches that, unfortunately, will leave the cat entirely unharmed.**

**That mindset is wrong. People can bring a lot to the table without knowing the ins and outs of every process, especially ones specifc to their team. How do you set comm channels? What do you do if you notice a hack attempt on your team? How do you respond to spirit attacks? You’ll want to brief any newcomers to your team about these sort of things so they’ll be ready to go if they happen. It might take a few minutes upfront, but it’ll be worth it in the long run.**

- **Do you have something against cats?**

**> Chainmaker**

- **No more than I do any other self-absorbed sociopath.**

- **X-Prime**

- **Just to give a few more details on the sort of thing X-Prime is talking about, let’s look at some ways to respond to an incoming hack. First, remember that you’re defaulting to whatever your hacker wants—they’re leading the defense here, so things should go their way. Some deckers prefer total caution—once any hacking attempt is noticed, they have everyone restart all devices and turn off wireless functionality on all augmentations. Others keep devices and functionality on and unleash agents or sprites to help trace the attack in order to gather as much information about it as possible. Some hackers want you to switch comm channels immediately; others don’t. Those are**
