---
id: SSt-0067
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Fianchetto'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Fianchetto**

**Dreadfall dipped into the Resonance and created some sort of Pulse Storm that veiled the agent’s**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**outgoing transmission. I’m not really sure how technomancers do their thing—I just roll with it.**

**Either way, with a Chimera agent down, the clock was ticking fast. I could see motion from the other agents converging on their downed operative’s last known position. We had a minute to make our mark. My team needed a distraction, and I provided one.**

**I drove one of my skiffs’ articulated arms into the propeller of the Commander. Instantly, it sucked in my drone and created a noticeable shudder all across the great beast of a vessel. It did very little damage, as I knew it would, but it got their attention away from my team for just a moment. A moment was all they needed. Rhizex was on the mercs with her cyberblades faster than my eyes could track—I could see the convulsions of the men and the gouts of blood, though. Hotboy and Dreadfall followed suit, cleaning up rearguard. Cy-4 was attacking the subsystems of the Commander, and Toggit was clearly engaged with some form of watcher spirit that was placed near our target.**

**And the politician? Drekking himself and trying to run. But clown that he was, he bolted through the danger, not away. Fortunately, I positioned one of my Flying Eyes in his path, warned the party to dim their visors, and then popped the little drone’s built-in suicide fash pak. Startled and blinded, the politician fell to the ground, holding his head and screaming. At least he was out of the way of the lethal lead that cut through the air a heartbeat later.**

**Then Angler warned me that the hurricane was shifting, closing in on us. I shared the intel, and Toggit understood immediately. With her information, our mission parameters had no choice but to change—we needed to neutralize the shaman.**

**Dreadfall secured the package, Cy-4 battled the rigger of the Commander to keep him distracted, and the rest moved to the stern to take care of our storm summoner before she capsized us and left us all stranded in the middle of the Devil’s Triangle. I kept everyone alive with overwatch.**

**The Shaman was something else, clearly someone from the Caribbean League. She manipulated the elements in ways I’d never seen. The team was hard-pressed to challenge her, and Toggit, as much as I appreciate that ork, had nothing on this lady. She was chopping up my team piece by piece, slicing their armor to ribbons with wind and dust. Spirits of air, under her control, further divided my crew. Toggit found herself locked down, once again on spirit duty.**

**> One does not muddle the waters of the Zobop. > Abracadavre**

**Finally, word arrived that Dreadfall had the politician in the water. The man was actually trying to drown himself, but we couldn’t sedate him because**

**then he** _**would**_ **drown. I sent a skiff to keep him bound up and propelled Dreadfall and our target out of the fght. Safely away from the Commander, I detonated the charges.**

**Now the propellers were broken. I watched as the Commander began to list to port, taking on water. With bilge pumps out of commission, I knew it wouldn’t be long before we saw a shift in her waterline, and that was enough to grant my people the upper hand. They were prepared for the explosion; the shaman was not. She lost her footing and found herself quickly disemboweled by Rhizex. It’s hard to concentrate on a spell while holding your intestines.**

**My team ran to get off the ship, and I detonated the remainder of my Flying Eyes into smoke grenades, securing their egress. When they were fully in the water, they latched onto the skiffs and I pulled them away from the listing lazy ship as hails of gunfre tore at the water around them. Hotboy took a round in the hip and Cy-4 caught one in the calf, but we managed to get them all aboard the Vulkan and submerged once more into the black depths.**

**The ride home was a noisy affair, mostly because of the politician. Sometimes you will be offered a lot of nuyen from the extracted, maybe to let them go, perhaps to work for them. Never buy into it, ever. One, it’s bad for rep, and two, the slitch will always slice your neck at the frst available opportunity—believe it. He was also very keen to spill what intel he had that was so valuable. I hate that. Sometimes those deets paint a target on you. So I let him have a much-needed nap. Since my team needed the sedatives for their injuries, I sucker punched the lout right in the jaw. I might be a techie, but I’m still a troll.**

**Eventually, we rendezvoused with Mr. Johnson and ditched the politician. My crew and I watched the sunrise in silence that morning, knowing that it was likely the last mission we’d ever do together.**
