---
id: SSt-0064
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Operation Lazy Kraken
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Operation Lazy Kraken**

**All right, chummers, this one is very recent and some things are still pretty hot. I’ll have to remain intentionally vague on the dates and times. Still, it offers a valuable lesson that I think is critical for learning the ins and outs of the extraction biz.**

**My team got a hot-ticket offer from our fxer. Ms. Johnson was scouting for us specifcally, and the payday was huge. Retirement size.** _**Red fag,**_ **right?**

**Well, this Ms. Johnson wasn’t an unknown— we’d worked with her plenty of times before. But this op … she was very eager. Almost too eager. We had a sit-down with her anyway, and she gave us the info.**

**Aquatic extraction, Atlantic Ocean, southeast of Florida and north of Puerto Rico, somewhere in the waters of either the Confederated American States or the Caribbean League. Right in the heart of the Devil’s Triangle. Intel was sparse, but we needed to extract a plus-one off a Blohm & Voss River Commander. Willing or unwilling was an unknown, but it was confrmed that they held important information that would dictate the future direction of Seattle. What they knew would change everything. That’s all I can say about that.**

**==> picture [225 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [289 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [289 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [289 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [289 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SMOOTH EXTRICATOR // GETTING OUT AND<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**> Is he talking about what I think he’s talking about? > Fructose**

**> Depends, since we obviously have no idea what you’re thinking. > 0rkCE0**

**Now, I don’t like to mess with politics—you can never wash the stink of it off you when you’re done. It lingers like an abscessed boil. But something about this operation resonated with me. You see, I’m getting older, and my time in the shadows is coming to an end. I’ve run the shadows longer than most, primarily because I’m the techie tactician, but I can feel the sands slipping from my hourglass with the aches in my dermal growths every morning. This mission would put my crew at legend status—not when we pulled it off, but later, when the details could be released. I might not even be alive to witness it, but there’d be a drink named after us. Believe it.**

**So, we took the op. Infltrate the Commander in the Devil’s Triangle, exfl the plus-one, and we needed to do it all in seventy-two hours. Did I mention it was during a hurricane?**

_**Frag me.**_

**We needed tech way outside our wheelhouse, and we needed it fast. Our intelligence placed our target inside the eye of the hurricane, which was likely magically induced. There would be no aerial insertions, and almost all marine vessels were out of the question. Sensors were going to be useless to us due to the nature of the storm. But this old trog has been around the block a few times, and where others would see no way that modern tech could handle that, I saw a very narrow channel we could take using old-world technology.**

**In 2010, not long before we blended man with machine, savvy inventors created a special kind of wind- and solar-powered unmanned surface vehicle known as a saildrone. Its sole purpose was to plunge into a hurricane for data collection and ocean mapping. It was set to begin its trial run in 2013. Well, VITAS took a dump on those plans. Once Dunkelzahn did his fyby in Denver and the Redondo volcano erupted to bury Los Alamos, the project nose-dived. The drone was placed in dry storage and quickly forgotten as technology sailed forward (forgive the pun).**

**But I knew how to get my hands on that candy-apple-red drone, so I called in a favor. With that drone secured in Florida, I started to put together the plan.**

**Infl consisted of seven individuals: Cy-4, Toggit, an elf razorgirl named Rhizex, our human weapon specialist Hotboy, and a technomancer who called himself Dreadfall. I’d worked with all of them over the years, and Toggit signed on full time after the Germany op. Still, we needed a different kind of specialist, as I was incapable of piloting what I knew we needed. So our fxer hooked us up with a dwarf submariner named Angler and**

**his sub, a Vulkan Delphin RQ7. He came highly recommended.**

**We all rendezvoused in Florida, where our fxer delivered my wishlist, and we met Angler at the Port of Fort Pierce some 200 kilometers from the Tampa sprawl. It was an old naval base back around the Second World War; now it was corporate-owned. That corp, though, was deep into smuggling from the Caribbean League.**

**> It’s also a primo starting location. Most discount it because it sits further up the coast of Florida than is typically ideal. > Bluegill**

**Angler’s Vulkan sat eight snugly, and there were seven of us, so there weren’t going to be any stowaways on his small submersible. Once my drones were affxed to the hull and the saildrone was launched for the frst time in nearly seventy years, we set out on the deep blue into the heart of Hurricane Iona.**

**> My man done climbed a glass pyramid, klepped a mouse-mage in a blizzard, and now he’s swimming under a hurricane? > Stygian Chrome**

**> This is unusual? > Hangfire**

**> Technically, he’s not swimming … > Sounder**

**> Don’t ruin it for him. Idols are important. > Flatline**

**Our tension was high as we coasted thirty meters underwater while on the surface I directed the saildrone just ahead of us. Within twenty-four hours of our deadline, we touched the frst currents of the hurricane waters. Now chummers, I’m a landlubber troll, of that there is no doubt. Inside the water-coffn with a propeller, I prayed to any god of any religion who might be listening—it’s hard to put into words what that feels like. I’m big, even for a troll, and in that moment, I’d never felt so insignifcant. It’s impossible to feel powerful in the face of twenty-meter waves.**

**Below the waterline, we were blind—not just visually, but on our sensors as well. The morass of churned seabed sediment was so thick it was like travelling through pea soup. I feared at any moment that the Vulkan’s propeller was going to seize, and that was going to be the end of us. Angler was a confdent halfer, though, and he knew his Vulkan as well as any rigger knows their mechanical loves. He knew what she could take and what she couldn’t. What he couldn’t do, though, was pilot the Vulkan without visuals—which was where the saildrone came in.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The saildrone gave us accurate real-time sea foor imaging as we made our way through a storm that was meant to deter any and all who tried to access our precious plus-one. In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king. And while we were blind to the Commander not just visually but also on sensors, we could see our destination through the eyes of ancient technology.**
