---
id: SSt-0011
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "An Idiot\u2019s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 1: Get a Fragging Gun."
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **An Idiot’s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 1: Get a Fragging Gun.**

**This sounds like a no-brainer with the proliferation of frearms in the Sixth World, but there’re still individuals who’re dead set against using them for whatever reason. Some consider frearms a more simplistic or lesser form of combat, instead preferring more “dignifed,” “honorable,” or “pure” forms of combat, or some other bulldrek. Such practitioners often prefer using weapons like blades, clubs, or even bare hands. And while those are all fne and good as melee weapons and hand-to-hand techniques have their place, chances are extremely high that your adversaries aren’t going to challenge you to a one-on-one honor duel or back-alley brawl. Instead, they’re going to try to shoot you before you can get anywhere near them. So even if your primary weapon or expertise is close-combat oriented, get and learn to use at least one type of frearm so you can engage targets at distance until you can close with them.**

- **I know several street sams who do the same fragging thing.**

- **> Cosmo**

- **Sound like posers. Most sammies I know and work with are pros who take a proper, layered approach: shoot from distance, then stick ’em if they’re still moving so you can conserve ammo.**

- **> 0rkCE0**

- **Also, it does no one any good if you get shot up while trying your kung fu or whatever. Now you’ve just made things harder for your team who have to save your sorry, bleeding hoop.**

- **> Butch**

- **Remember, if one gun is good, more are always better.**

- **> Stone**

- **Depends on context. Are you talking on the job or personal/ concealed carry? I’m all for having multiple firearms on my person during a job (depending on the job), but do you really need to have six guns for personal carry? I always have at least a pistol and a backup gun, with at least two extra mags for both; one of those mags has non-lethal rounds.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **If you can get away with it, why not? It’s not for anyone else to judge. I’ve had crewmembers who, like you, get by just fine with only a primary and secondary weapon. On the other hand, I’ve also had the joy of working with some crazy fraggers who are walking arsenals with guns and other weapons expertly hidden on (or in some cases in) their person. I say, if you can get access to them when you need them, that’s the individual’s call to make.**

- **Kane**

- **Ah yes, cyber-implanted guns/weapons; the ultimate in “SURPRISE, MOTHER FRAGGER!”**

- **Beaker**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [455 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**piece. Ah well, not like I paid for it. I’ll simply have to steal another one.**

- **Getting away with it is the tricky part. Throwing a longcoat over your twin Predators in dual shoulder rigs with an SMG, carbine, or even combat shotgun on a loop-strap hanging against your hip doesn’t always cut it. Advertising you’re a walking arsenal isn’t always a good idea, either.**

  - **X-Prime**

  - **Yeah, that was a sweet piece. But I like what was said about quality of fire. Sure, it’s great to have lots of friends, but having a crew or gang of say twelve or more packing only pistols or other short-range firearms isn’t going to do any good against a fully armed merc or sammie packing a full-auto MG or assault cannon. My custom Thunderstruck gauss rifle is rather nice for that, too.**

- **Thorn**

- **And yet, some idiots will always try.**

- **Cayman**
