---
id: SSt-0206
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: No shadowrun is impossible. Some just hurt more than others.
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **No shadowrun is impossible. Some just hurt more than others.**

**So we needed a way to deal with a lot of trolls in a short amount of time without using high explosives. That last stipulation really upset Frost, but she was a little high-strung, obsessed with violence, and I was kind of happy to disappoint her. I am not one to shy away from violence when necessary, but I always try to keep the body count low when I run.**

**The profling we did on AchTech’s troll security gave us a way in. I think I’ve blocked out just who had the idea we went with, but that is mostly because of the nightmares I still have about the results. Odds are it was Sebastian himself. He was an idea man and a damn good one, but what happened at AchTech went beyond anything even he could have foreseen.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**In studying the trolls, we discovered that most of them frequented the same kinds of food joints in Hermosa. They all had a taste for spicy food and nowhere in Joliet was likely to be up (or would that be down?) to their standards. After a few weeks living off bland, pre-packaged meals and McDougals deliveries, they were surely desperate for a taste of home.**

**This led us to one of the best/worst plans in history—infltration via Korean Taco Truck. We pulled an old service truck out of a junkyard in the Noose, and Spanners brought it back to stock in a few hours. Man was a wizard with a wrench, for sure. We knew the vehicle would get scanned from bumper to truck nuts, so we kept it as rustic and rust-tech as we could. The only special modifcation was a set of storage bins on one side that could conceal our gear.**

**Once that was done, we pulled together something resembling uniforms, flled the food bins with ingredients, and drove the truck around the factory streets of Joliet for a couple of days and nights. It wasn’t the hardest grunt job I’ve ever done, but I gained some new respect for people who drive grub for a living.**

**It didn’t take long for the trolls at AchTech to take a liking to us. Frost and Deacon in tight white tees didn’t hurt, either. Sex sells, chummers, and it can also get you into places shotguns and spells can’t. Everything’s an asset. Don’t be afraid to use what works.**

**Actually, what happened next puts the lie to that. Sometimes a plan works so well you need to be afraid. Be very afraid, and remember Lesson Five.**
