---
id: SSt-0060
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Operation Seven Crowns
page: 70
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Operation Seven Crowns**

**Another winter excursion. I didn’t mention weather in the previous operation, even though it was absolutely an important factor in our mission. This operation, however, snowfall was a major factor. Our operation had taken us to the Allied German States, in the great dragon Lofwyr’s own Neu-Essen, right in the Rhine-Ruhr megaplex. We’d done extractions for almost a decade at that point. We’d all received signifcant upgrades in both cyberware and biotech. At this point, we’d cycled through some samurai, had a physical ad-**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**ept once, and even another rigger. But Cy-4, Fritz, and I were still the originals of the group, largely inseparable in terms of operations, and with quite the rep for extrication. Sure, we picked up the odd datasnatch here and there, and even hard theft, but we didn’t stick with it. We just sort of leaned into what we were good at, and that was the rapid relocation of living persons. We even built up a rep that took us not just outside of Seattle, but completely out of the UCAS. By 2066, we charged big nuyen for what we did, and if I’m being honest, some of it might have gone to our heads.**

**At any rate, this time I’m going to spare the bulk of the preparedness stage. I’m going to give you the op, a brief overview of our timeline,** _**some**_ **steps we took, and then delve into the actual extraction itself.**
