---
id: SSt-0136
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Community
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Community**

**This is an amorphous term for an important concept. The best defnition of “the community” is the people who live around you, your neighbors and others who shape the area where you live and sleep. They are not a homogenous group, and they are not unanimous in any opinions. Still, they are the people who give your neighborhood the atmosphere it has—they make it welcoming or forbidding, active or sedate, impassioned or complacent.**

**Your job is to get a good set of them on your side, both because it’s benefcial to you to have people around you watching your back and because it’s the right thing to do. We live in a hostile world, and very few of us will ever act in a way that causes global change. What we can do, though, is affect those close to us. Make spaces safer, kinder, and gentler. Allow people to shrug off any corp-mandated burden and be themselves. Blunt the sharp edges of the world. Whatever capacity we have to do this, we should use.**

- **I sometimes come close to being swayed by neo-anarchist philosophies, until I remember that most communities I’ve lived in are full of treacherous back-stabbers, and any confidence or trust I put in them would be rewarded with double-dealing.**

- **> Haze**

- **It’s fun that you think the problem is these various communities, instead of the common denominator.**

- **Red Anya**

- **Sure, blame the victim.**

- **Haze**
