---
id: SSt-0131
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> DangerSensei'
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> DangerSensei**

**Once I was through the canyon, the land directly in front of me was rough and barren, so I turned left and walked northwest, continuing to follow the road. The landscape along the road was not as desolate as the dunes area, but it was still mostly scrub brush and Joshua trees. What I did a few times when I needed a rest was look for a relatively dense concentration of trees in a low-lying area. I found a wedge-shaped rock, and I dug in the ground—as leisurely as I could—and waited. Most of the times, if I was by the roots, the ground would gradually gather a small bit of water. I’d stick my tank top in, suck on it, then continue on my way.**

**It was bad. My mouth felt like it was glued shut. Swallowing hurt. By the end, I felt like all my steps were sideways, and I staggered more than I walked. Still, I managed to continue.**

**On the west side of Death Valley is route 395, with a few small towns that hold less than ten thousand people between them. Luckily for me, there are a couple of Jitnee drivers who shuttle people back and forth between the towns. My commlink battery was fne, thanks to a backup battery I carry—always carry your backup!—so I started reaching out to the drivers pretty much as soon as I started walking. They weren’t about to wander into the treacherous half-road in the canyon, and they weren’t anxious to go too far on Eu-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**reka Valley Road, but fnally getting close enough to 168 and offering a huge tip got one of them to come out. She even had a bottle of water sitting on the back seat for me when I collapsed into her car.**

**So I survived. The keys? Pace yourself, but don’t stop moving for long, because even just sitting uses moisture. Know the secret places to look for water. And always,** _**always**_ **connect to the Matrix.**
