---
id: SSt-0059
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: What we learned
page: 70
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What we learned**

**Now, a critic might point out that most runs don’t go so smoothly, especially against AAA megacorps. What if there was a new decker working for Renraku who had something to prove and was so attentive he spotted how the drone was positioned? What if we didn’t get the job as a window-cleaning service to begin with? What if the target never left the labs? All valid questions, and it all comes down to the lesson of why I chose to retell this particular op—preparedness. We were ready for all of those things. In fact, we anticipated and expected them. The drek-hot wageslave who wanted to impress his betters? Sure, he could’ve been a real problem. But remember step two in preparedness: the Big Lie. We were a window-cleaning service for that time, nothing more.**

**And you might be asking, “What if things got hot?” We had no weapons—how were we going to defend ourselves? Science, chums. We had a classic piece of chemical tomfoolery at our disposal, and that’s sodium. Ever seen what a chunk does when tossed into water? No? Ever scan** _**Natural Chemistry**_ **? I’d suggest doing so. Let’s just say our window-cleaning team was loaded for bear with chemical bombs and gases that were completely legal, and part of every standard cleaning crew. Sometimes a weapon need not be your trusty Ares Predator or those shiny spurs in your wrist.**

**This was to demonstrate the importance of preparedness. The next op I’m going to review demonstrates what happens when all that planning goes to drek. How do you take what you brought to the feld and turn it to your advantage when it seems like even the gods are against you?**
