---
id: SSt-0250
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Confidentiality Is Much Better
page: 155
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Confidentiality Is Much Better**

**Have you ever read the small print in the agreements you sign when you subscribe to a new medical service? They’re insanely intricate in the ways they say, basically, “your information is private and will remain confdential, except for when we fnd ways to aggregate it or pretend we’re protecting your confdentiality by changing your name to a fle number or something.” If you go to a health corporation, you’re going to a** _**corporation,**_ **and once they have your data, they will use it. Did you get treatment for a gunshot wound? Within minutes, you’ll start seeing ads for the best ointments and dressings to treat your wound. Need antibiot-**

- **Better yet, some docs know they can’t provide regular Matrix overwatch, so they go ahead and just put everything on a wired host so at least you need to break into their place first to have a shot at their data.**

- **Snopes**

**==> picture [239 x 249] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 249] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 425] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [239 x 248] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [240 x 248] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 220] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 220] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 129] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
EXCERPT FROM:<br>SHADOWRUN:<br>DRAGONBONES<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [387 x 37] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
By Stephen Dedman<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

_**When proof of a unique fossilized artifact reaches the wrong ears, a race to recover the priceless remains from the Australian Outback begins …**_

The magically secured windowless meeting room in the skyscraper’s 88[th] fl oor was tiny, with only four ordinary offi ce chairs, because Hopkins’ orders were to involve as few people as possible at this stage of the search for the fossil. To mundane eyes, it was as boring and spartan as the interior of a police interrogation room, though Hopkins occasionally wondered what the wards in the soundproofed off-white walls, wood-veneer door and under the sand-colored carpet looked like to those who, like Albrey, could see them in astral. It was as secure electronically as it was magically, secure as the boardroom and executive offi ces on the top fl oor or the Vault on the 13[th] , and reserved for the most secretive of meetings. The wagemages who maintained the wards called it the Inner Sanctum; the few other employees who knew of its existence called it the Submarine. Even Hopkins had rarely been inside it, and he could see that the blandness made Peters nervous. Good.

Cole and Albrey weren’t executives—merely a rigger and wagemage—but Hopkins had worked with them before, and knew they could be relied upon to do the corporation’s most secret dirty jobs that couldn’t be left to shadowrunners. Cole was a loner, touchy about his height and fi ercely competitive, who didn’t so much bear grudges as have them grafted on for easy access. Even in the offi ce, he wore armored jackets with (empty) concealed holsters as though they’d make him look bigger. His psych tests showed he was a sociopath without anything resembling a conscience, and it was rumored (though never proven) he’d used his rigging skills to engineer the car crash that had killed his wife.

Albrey was more even-tempered, an immaculately groomed Snow Queen with just enough empathy to have learned some social skills and apply them when she sensed they were useful. Ambitious, arrogant, and aromantic, she’d ascended the company’s magical hierarchy relying entirely



**on her strong work ethic and impressive spellcasting skills.**

**The four of them watched the footage from the drone again, and Hopkins sighed. “Any chance that was a shapeshifter?”**

**Albrey and Cole looked at each other for several seconds before the mage replied, “No way of telling without seeing it in astral. The First Nations have their own magical traditions—it’s called** _**ngangkare**_ **in some of their languages. It’s a lot like shamanism, though with different totems, and since the Awakening they’ve been much more powerful.”**

**“It looks like an eagle and fies like an eagle,” said Cole, “and wedgetails have been attacking drones since there have been drones in their airspace, long before the Ghost Dance or mana storms. Shaman or not, we’re only down one drone. The other three made it back safely.”**

**“Without any useful data,” Hopkins grumped. “Can we do any better with magic?” The chair, though solidly built, creaked softly as he shifted his weight. “You can fy faster in astral than a drone can, right?”**

**“Yes, but not if we want to keep it a secret,” said Albrey. “The mob in that community may not be much good at electronic security, but their magicians have watcher spirits patrolling the borders for anything alive, and I’m betting that includes anything astral. I’ll go in if that’s what you want, but I think the risk is too great—to the company, not to me.”**

**Hopkins looked at the map of Daybreak Community projected on one wall and shook his head. “That’s a lot of border to watch.”**

**“It’s a lot of territory, nearly twelve thousand square klicks,” said Peters.**

**“Jesus. And how many people did you say lived there? Three hundred?”**

**“Two hundred and seventy-six with SINs at the last census, and maybe a hundred without,” Peters replied. “Most of them are Jaburara, descendants of people who worked on the sheep station there, back before mana storms made it unproftable. Most of them live near the old farm buildings where they have bore water and solar power. Most of the rest of them are from other Yamatji mobs who haven’t been granted native title on their own lands, plus a few Noongar who got tired of city life.”**

**Hopkins grunted. “What can you tell me about the photo?”**

**“The opal’s in a cliff face and shadowed, so it’s probably in one of these gorges in the north-east, a few hours from the nearest camps by car and a few days on foot.”**

**“That’s still a lot of land. We need some way to narrow it down. Do you know who took the photo?”**

**“I know where it came from.” Hopkins waited.**

**“His name’s Glenn Young, he’s a student at UWA, and he used to play football and date my son’s girlfriend until he got injured—Young, not my son. That’s all I know.”**

**“You don’t know him?”**

**“No.” “Close friend of your son’s?” Peters snorted. “Hardly.”**

**“Good.” Hopkins looked at Albrey. “If we fnd him, you can do a mind probe?”**

**“Yes,” she said, “but again, I don’t promise results, and he’ll almost certainly notice it. You certainly won’t get GPS coordinates unless he’s memorized them.”**

**“What if he’s unconscious?” asked Peters.**

**“Then you’ll get nothing useful, except maybe dreams. Trying to fnd a fossil in nearly twelve thousand square klicks with a drone is simple compared to pulling one thought out of something as complex as a human brain. Mind probe spells work best as part of an interrogation, so that even if you only get surface thoughts, they’ll be about the subject you’re investigating. Otherwise, you’ll probably get his dinner plans or some orxploitation earworm or some crap like that.”**

**“If we fnd him, there’s always gamma-scopoline. Or we can hack his commlink,” Cole suggested. “The coordinates may be in there. Though if he took the photo with his cybereye, and it looks like he did, then they might not. GPS doesn’t come as standard in cameras that small.”**

**Hopkins nodded. “Fine,” he said. “Mr. Peters, if you can fnd out where this Young character lives and where he drinks, we can look at our options. Thank you both. Ms. Albrey, if I can talk to you in private for a moment?”**

**Albrey waited until the rigger had closed the door behind him, then raised an eyebrow. “You want me to go ahead with the mind probe?”**

**“I’ll think about it. First, I want you to check with HR that we have Peters’ DNA on ice, a… what do you call that again?”**

**“A material link.”**

**“Right. Well, he may be the** _**weak**_ **link, and we can’t afford one. And fnd out whether his son has ever worked or interned for us, just in case, and see if you can fnd out whether anybody else saw this photo. If they did, I’ll get onto HR and see if we can offer them a job so we can keep an eye on them.”**

**Albrey nodded. Freezers flled with material links gave the company the power to silence or remove inconvenient employees through ritual magic without having to rely on cortex bombs. Most of the deaths seemed to be natural, though the occasional case of spontaneous human combustion helped to discourage employee demands for better pay and conditions. “I’ve just thought of a way we might be able to mind probe the boy. It’s not entirely risk-free, but it should work, and all I need is an intern for a few days, and a little cash.”**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 233] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 233] intentionally omitted \<==**

**“What’s your plan?”**

**shade of the guild building, then scanned the options available from the bao truck. Their softshell crab was always good, and with an extra 50 nuyen, he decided, he could splurge a little.**

**Glenn was walking across the oak lawn toward the food trucks when he noticed the pretty elf running toward him. There were usually students hanging around the guild trying to sign up volunteers for everything from the University Dramatic Society to the Young Conservatives, so he continued walking until she ran directly into his path.**

**The small room in the psych building had a large mirror that Glenn correctly guessed was twoway glass. Cameras would have been cheaper, but of less use to the School of Magic (which had also taken over most of the offces and lecture theatres in the arts building while they waited for their own labs to be fnished).**

**“Hi,” she panted. “Sorry if this is a personal question, but do you identify as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander?”**

**He stopped suddenly and stared at her. Though obviously not allergic to sunshine, she was as pale as a neo-Goth, with blond ringlets streaked with iridescent pink, but dressed for the warm weather in a short skirt and cream-colored chemise and brandishing a Hermes Ikon. He found it diffcult to guess the ages of elves, even ones who weren’t allergic to the Australian sun, but she seemed to be in her early twenties. “Um…yes.”**

**The elf, who introduced herself as Nuala, started with a series of innocuous questions about ftting in at the university before asking about his life in the outback. Then she scrolled down to the next page, smiled, and asked, “You don’t have to give me any details, but did your community have any particular sacred sites? Or anything that was ‘secret men’s business?’”**

**Glenn hesitated. “Yes,” he replied, at last, “but I can’t—”**

**She sighed in relief. “I’m helping with an anthro project, and I need to interview some…anyway, it takes about half an hour and we can pay you 50 nuyen, and you go in a draw for a new Renraku Sensei. Are you interested?”**

**“I understand,” said Nuala. “Okay, has anything you’ve learned at university made you question what you were taught in your community? Or vice versa?”**

**“Maybe. When and where?”**

**“In the psych building, and I have slots free every afternoon this week. Please say yes!”**

**He considered it, and shrugged. “This afternoon, after three?”**

**Hopkins imagined he felt the lift sigh slightly when he rode it up to the 88[th] foor. He’d always been heavily built, and now that he rarely needed to travel, he no longer cared whether his armored**

**“Thank you! I’ll see you there!”**

**He smiled and watched her jog back to the**



**suits needed to be tailor-made. Twice divorced, he had no family, but ate more than enough natural food for one, prepared by some of Perth’s best chefs and delivered by courier. He considered his bulk a sign of his status in the company, proof he no longer needed to blend into a crowd like a Mr. Johnson (which he’d once been) or travel to mine sites and sleep on army cots like a mere engineer.**

**“The fossil is real, and it’s on their land,” Albrey told Hopkins once they were in the warded, windowless room. “I used a mind probe spell while he was answering questions. He took the photo himself, recently, and his people believe it’s the bones of a Rainbow Serpent, though not** _**the**_ **Rainbow Serpent. They have a word of their own for it which I didn’t pick up, but in English, they just call it the Old Timer.”**

**Hopkins nodded. Unlike Albrey, he’d grown up in Perth and heard stories of the wagyl, or Rainbow Serpent. “So where is it?”**

**Albrey winced. “It’s in a dried-up riverbed, several days’ walk—probably inland, to the east or north-east—from the community’s main campsite. Three or four meters from the ground, under an overhang, which makes it impossible to spot from the air.”**

**“That doesn’t narrow it down by much,” Hopkins grumbled. “No GPS reading?”**

**“Do you memorize GPS readings?” Albrey countered. “Besides, I gathered that their** _**ngangkari**_ **, their magicians, don’t allow tech near it, not even vehicles. Young doesn’t have any magic and doesn’t know much about it, but he’s been told the Old Timer chooses their** _**ngangkari**_ **, gives them their power, and that contact with tech can weaken it much as implants or high-tech medicine can decrease the power of magicians. I don’t know whether they knew Young had a cybereye, much less a camera, but he’s feeling guilty about having taken the photo. I’ll have our intern call him on Friday night to tell him he’s won the commlink, which has a GPS and which we have tapped, so if he transfers all his data to that, we’ll get everything on his current piece of junk as well as knowing where he is at any time.”**

**“Which won’t do us a lot of good if he’s not allowed to take it to the location,” said Hopkins. “The boss wants us to grab that fossil as soon as possible—before anybody else knows about it. The kid knows where it is, so let’s see if we can pull the information out of his brain.” Everyone in the room knew that there was only one person Hopkins referred to as ‘the boss’: CNiFe’s CEO and majority shareholder, Joe Sutton. CNiFe employees rarely mentioned him by name: legend had it that saying his name three times in a row would summon him.**

**“I don’t think there’s any way we can do that without the kid realizing—”**

**“Who cares, as long as he never tells anybody?”**

**When Albrey didn’t reply, Hopkins sighed. “Look, that skull is worth at least ffty million just as reagents or telesma or whatever, and there’s a good chance if we put it up for auction, some museum or collector will pay a hell of a lot more rather than see it chopped up. That’s at least half a million bonus for you. And if the whole skeleton is there, and opalized, that’s going to be worth many times that. A billion or more. At least, the boss thinks it’s worth a chance.”**

**“You’re talking about—”**

**“Enhanced interrogation techniques? Yes, I guess I am.”**

**“I mean, after we have the information. We can’t just let him go.”**

**Hopkins stared at the faintly glowing ceiling for a moment. “His tribe or mob or whatever they call themselves must have some idea what that thing is worth. We did some digging, and one of them’s a professor at UWA. One’s a fairly successful art dealer. One’s an alchemist and talismonger. One’s a pain-in-the-arse shit-stirring vlogger. If we did a deal with the tribe, we’d be lucky to keep half what the thing is worth—and even if we got the government to override native title and allow mining, it would be open to bids and the tribe would be more likely to make a deal with somebody they don’t hate, somebody who doesn’t have the history the boss has. So we’re not going to get it without breaking a couple of laws, and it’s not like you don’t already have some red in your ledger.”**

**Albrey remained silent. She’d taken part in executing two whistleblowers and a union organizer with ritual magic, and she knew that Morris, the head of the company-sponsored coven they called the Star Chamber, had been with the company much longer and she was sure his body count was much higher.**

**“Look, what happens to him after you’ve got the location needn’t worry you,” Hopkins wheedled. “It’s not as though we need anybody to fnd him after you’ve fnished, so it doesn’t have to look like natural causes. We have plenty of people in security who’ll do it just for the overtime. Wait a week, see if anything turns up on his commlink, but if it doesn’t, then…” He shrugged again.**

**“You’ll have to take him somewhere magically secure,” Albrey pointed out. “He doesn’t have any magic himself, but his grandfather’s a magician, and if he hears he’s missing…”**

**“Good point,” said Hopkins approvingly. “Well, we can’t bring him here, but we must have some deniable safehouses that you can turn into a medicine lodge or however you do it. I’ll make the arrangements. One week, all right?”**

**To find out what happens next, pick up the complete novel Dragonbones, available now!**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


®

**==> picture [239 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 349] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [477 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [235 x 16] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [109 x 44] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [141 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [100 x 73] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [109 x 73] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [141 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
+<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [69 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [82 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [140 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [141 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 98] intentionally omitted \<==**

Play **Shadowrun** on Roll20, the leader in virtual tabletops! The **Shadowrun, Sixth World** quick-start rules are available for free at roll20.net! You can also buy the core rule compendium and more!

**==> picture [137 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [138 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [138 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [138 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [69 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [307 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Shoot Straight** provides runner-to-runner advice in a range

**Shoot Straight** is a Runner Resource book for **Shadowrun, Sixth World** .

**==> picture [50 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CAT28513<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

catalystgamelabs.com I shadowruntabletop.com

**==> picture [413 x 7] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [331 x 7] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [82 x 7] intentionally omitted \<==**
