---
id: SSt-0235
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: You Still Have to Work to be Honest with Each Other
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **You Still Have to Work to be Honest with Each Other**

**So if you’re both in the shadows, you don’t have to hide your criminal lifestyle from each other, so you can just be open with each other, right?**

**You’d hope so, but it doesn’t always work out that way. Sometimes you mess up on a run, and maybe you have some police or goons looking to even a score with you. You know, instinctively, that you should come clean with the people you live with. They have a right to know. They** _**need**_ **to know. But your ego gets in the way, you think you can handle it, and you don’t want to worry the people you live with. So you don’t tell them. That’s a mistake.**

**The people in your home (at least the adults— we’ll cover others later) deserve to know the conditions they live in. It’s only fair to them. Plus, in the long run, it’s better for you if they know. If the time comes where people in your home need to respond to an emergency situation, it’s best if they already know that there is potential for trouble, rather than you having to explain the whole situation in a hurry when Bob the Troll Goon is descending on your home with a spiked club the size of a railroad tie.**

- **Simple guideline: If you live with a shadowrunner, treat them like a member of your team. And you should always tell people on your team things they need to know.**

- **Ma’Fan**
