---
id: SSt-0031
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Hear No Evil
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Hear No Evil**

**Not being seen is only part of the picture—pun intended. Guards and security critters have ears, often enhanced by cybernetics or external electronics, and microphones are often included in security sensor arrays. A camera is rarely just a camera— it’s usually got a mic as well. Not getting heard can be tricky. There aren’t many tools available for dampening your sonic footprint. What you can do is make sure that any gear that you’re carrying isn’t likely to make noise by dangling or rattling around. Make sure your commlink and other electronics are set to silent mode—not just vibrate, as that can give you away just as easily as a beep or a ring tone. Use DNI to communicate via comms instead of speech if you can, or at the very least a subvocal microphone. If you have a datajack, you can go the DNI route at no cost, but trodes are a cheap option if you don’t. Some people have a weird reaction to trodes, though—in that case, just get a subvocal mic.**

**Beyond that, it’s mostly a matter of patience and practice. Moving slowly tends to be helpful when it comes to silence, but it can also expose you to greater risk from other sources. Sometimes you need to move quickly and quietly. There’s no easy way to do this without putting in the time and effort required to learn the skill, so be sure to make time for that practice. It might feel silly, but having stealth-development sessions with your teammates**

**is a great way to work on this. Take turns being the observer and the sneaker, and make sure to give detailed feedback about what you hear and what you don’t. Try different things, and that includes footwear. Fashion sense might be important to you, but there’s nothing more fashionable than surviving a run because the guards didn’t hear you sneaking past them.**

**If you have a magician with the right spells, this can help out a bunch. I’m pretty sure there’s a spell that prevents you from making any noise—though it also interferes with your verbal communications. If can be a two-edged sword, though. The opposition can hear you, but neither can your teammates.**

**Another handy spell is called Mindlink. It’s like comms, but uses magic instead of tech, and even lets you keep in touch with astrally projecting mages.**

**The big drawback for any active spell support, of course, is that it makes you stand out to any magic security. Security mages and spirits that would otherwise overlook you are likely to take a strong interest if you’re under cover of a Silence spell, or even using Mindlink to talk to each other. Adjust your strategy accordingly. Silence spells should probably be used sparingly and only for getting past key areas, not used for the duration of a run.**
