---
id: SSt-0061
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: December 24, 2066
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **December 24, 2066**

**Quick breakdown: This was an unwilling extraction of an engineer who worked for a Saeder-Krupp subsidiary known as Ruhr Nuclear. You may have heard of it—world leader in fusion energy? Anyhow, our fusion engineer was going to be getting a new place of employment soon, and it was our job to gently guide him there. Instead of penetrating Ruhr Nuclear itself, we opted for a convoy ambush. The engineer was conveyed daily on the Bundesstraße-224 to Ruhr Nuclear and then back to his massively fortifed apartments in the megaplex. Thus, the B-224 was our best shot. We planned for weeks—tailed with drones to and from Ruhr Nuclear, studied patrol routes of S-K teams and local governance, paid off the highway gangs, watched inclement weather patterns, and even tracked S-K satellite trajectories. We were ready for it all.**

**So there we were on Christmas Eve. It’d been an unusual season. Snowfall was heavy and collecting in big drifts all over town. The B-224 was relatively clear, though, as all the big conveyances matted down the white stuff to little more than pallid sludge. Our target was travelling in his standard convoy formation: forward BMW sedan, his BMW limousine, rear BMW sedan, with two drones running side support and one aerospace unit foating high above as overwatch. This was someone S-K didn’t want snatched, a primo elf with an odd doll-collecting penchant and an endless sweet tooth. They called this fusion engineer** _**Der Mausekönig**_ **. And they say only shadowrunners have a fair for the dramatic.**

**That was what we saw. What we didn’t see, or at least not in the meat space, was the decker who also followed along thanks to the wireless upgrade deckers received courtesy of the Second Crash.**

**Cy-4 was handling that, as well as diverting all authorities, alarms, and satellite imagery of the location. S-K has some of the best security of all the**

**megacorporations, as the Great Wyrm doesn’t see the need to differentiate his typical security from his military might. Everybody gets the same training, tactics, and toys.**

## **> The dragon even goes as far as placing his security divisions in rotating squads and pitting them in the Desert Wars. > Hangfire**

**Going against S-K meant tackling heavy hitters, even more so than Renraku. It was critical we cut off the convoy from any response, and we knew that even then, our window was exactly ninety seconds to disable the caravan and geek our target.**

**Now our target was moving at very high speeds, so shutting down engines through their computers wasn’t a desirable option, as we wanted Mausekönig alive and well. That meant we had to do one of two things: create a blockade to slow everything down or perform the transfer at high speeds. High-speed personnel displacement is doable, but it puts your plus-one at very mortal risk. A single slip-up and they’re dead. Remember, chummers, that person is your payday—you treat them like the VIP they are, even if they’re not very likeable, and even if they want to kill you.**

**Because Mausekönig was veritable living gold, we opted for the blockade option. This took weeks of advance planning and a very special set of autosofts updated in my RCC. I won’t bore you with the specs of what I was running—needless to say, it’s so far out of date by today’s standards that I doubt it could hack a modern toaster.**

**> Frag, have you seen toasters today? Some come loaded with Black IC.**

**> Shanty-Shoal**

**Our ground team consisted of two samurai, a Raven shaman, myself, and my drones. One of the sams was Fritz—gnarled, grumpy, old as dirt. The other we’d worked with consecutively for several years, Bellows, a loud dwarf with a fondness for ale. The sammy we’d picked up recently was named Toggit. Cy-4 was running Matrix support in full VR in one of our safehouses inside the metroplex. The drones I was using were as follows: two Renraku Evening Mist mini-drones, an Aztechnology GCR-655, a Lockheed Kestrel, and my main drone—a Cyberspace Designs Wolfhound.**

**Here’s how it went down. The snowfall was heavy, really heavy. It forced everyone already on the road to slow down signifcantly, including the convoy. It gave their drone escorts—heavily modifed M1216 Mules—a little breathing room as those lightweight combat drones weren’t known for maintaining high speeds. It also forced their surveillance drone lower than usual, which drastically reduced its active sensor range. My Wolf-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**hound soared well above their overwatch drone— it wasn’t there to track the convoy, but to watch for everyone that might be responding to us. My Kestrel was our snoop.**

**We engaged on an overpass, where Cy-4 sleazed into a Bergen 1,500 meters ahead of the convoy and forced a reboot of the system. She ejected the rigger from his control, and the poor slag had to go manual as the massive Bergen stalled out. This caused its four tandem load cars to swing wild in sludge, and taillights lit up all across the B-224, including our convoy. Seeing we had the highway, I sent the team in. We led the extraction with my GCR-655, and the two Evening Mists. Sliding under the gridlocked mess, it was impossible to see my little worker bees, as the two Evening Mists positioned themselves just fore and aft the Sedans. Horns blared their cacophony across the highway, and multiple commlink transmissions were sent to the Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport. Cy-4 captured each one, but the clock was ticking … ninety seconds.**

**Fritz and Bellows slipped out of our van, which conveniently sat three cars behind the convoy. They were dressed in all white. With the poor visibility, I knew the overwatch drone would have trouble picking them up; still, we couldn’t risk it. Using my RCC, I Brute-Forced into the overwatch drone and rebooted its system. It then got caught in a gale and was hurled over the overpass into traffc below. The confusion was momentary—S-K are pros, and they recognized two coincidences for what they were. The game was afoot.**

**As soon as the sams were in position, Toggit unleashed a stunball on top of the aft convoy. As she did so, I triggered the Evening Mist at the front convoy. Thick smoke erupted, blanketing the lead sedan, and then we went to work disabling Mausekönig’s blinded and stunned meat protection detail. Fritz identifed the drone rigger and rendered him permanently inert with one wellplaced shot. I kept the other Evening Mist on retainer for our egress. Cy-4 confdently held back alarms. So far, things were going smoothly… until they weren’t.**

**Turned out, we didn’t have all the deets on Mausekönig from our employer. The slitch was a fragging aspected magician. Who would’ve thought that from a fusion engineer? As the limousine door exploded open, a drekload of beast spirits tumbled from it—yes, white mice. They swarmed across the slick, sludge-flled ground, little ivory terrors that were a blur to my already noisy visuals. My ground-based drones were assailed immediately, the beasts chewing out wiring, optical sensors, you name it. My Evening Mists and GCR-655 were dead in seconds to the vermin’s wrath. Fritz and Bellows were hard pressed as the overwhelming numbers of conjured mice swarmed over them, biting and gnawing at their sensitive meaty bits.**

**The vermin didn’t stop at my crew and little devices either. Not knowing where the attack was coming from, Mausekönig unleashed his army on every vehicle. They swarmed over tires, chewing through rubber and disabling all conveyances in our radius with a series of loud bangs as tires exploded, taking out the waves of vermin in bursts of compressed air.**

**Cy-4 was useless, and the sams were in a bad spot. Toggit created some kind of barrier on the interior of our van that seemed to repel the mice spirits and it was the only thing keeping us safe, but we were pinned and couldn’t move. Time was sieving through the hourglass at a perilous rate. My Wolfhound’s visuals showed mobility at S-K, and I knew we were going to be hosed real quick. Fritz and Bellows were out of commission as the swarm covered them. I could hear screams of panic and pain, and an unending staccato of gunfre as the two tried in vain to escape the wave of conjured teeth and claw. Toggit had no clear line of sight on Mausekönig and sustaining the spell against the overwhelming force crushing into the barrier was draining her at an alarming rate. We needed an equalizer, and I had one, just not working in its intended role: my Lockheed Kestrel.**

**The Kestrel is a roto-drone, a little bugger meant solely for recon and surveillance. But it was also airborne, and the only thing the mice spirits couldn’t touch. I lined myself up with Mausekönig, who was eagerly watching his brood lock us down. He wore some silly-as-drek seven-crested crown on his head; now, I’m no mage, but I recognize when something is out of place. And out-of-place on a magic-user usually means it’s a focus.**

**Visibility was piss, handling atrocious, and the noise due to weather was stuttering my control like crazy. Still, with Mausekönig and that ridiculous crown in sight, I fung my Kestrel at the conjurer like it was Marie Stahlbaum’s slipper. The small roto-drone connected hard with the aspected magician, shattering his collarbone, disabling his focusing gestures, and sending his crown fying out into the white haze of snow. Our payday toppled to the ground out cold, and his spirits became confused, unsure of their orders now that their summoner was unconscious. They stood by warily, but since I wasn’t going to attack their master anymore, they seemed content to not attack me. But the damage was done. Fritz and Bellows were dead, the wounds they’d sustained too horrifc to mention. An inventory revealed we were in a drek of a predicament—our van, and almost all of my drones, was out of commission. We were sitting ducks to S-K teams who would arrive in less than thirty seconds, but that was when Cy-4 came through. She still had control of the Bergen.**

**Toggit and I secured Mausekönig. Then we focused on the Bergen, decoupling its load. I hefted the remains of the samurai into the Bergen and**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**then burned our van to rubble with white-hot phosphorus grenades I keep for that very purpose. The intent was to do away with as much evidence as possible. What was left of my team stole into the night with our prize, but we didn’t walk away clean. Just like the Nutcracker, we’d suffered a blow that shattered my ego and made me question my ability to lead.**
