---
id: SSt-0014
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "An Idiot\u2019s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 4: Get (and Stay) in the Right\
  \ Mindset."
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **An Idiot’s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 4: Get (and Stay) in the Right Mindset.**

**Technical frearm profciency is only one part of the gunfghting equation—the right mindset is another. Spatial awareness, perception, threat assessment, and proper reaction to threats and situations are all things a gunfghter (or any combatant) needs to cultivate. Being able to read a situation and recognize potential threats before they become real ones can make the diference between winning and losing a battle. And this is not something that can or should be switched on and of, or used only when you’re on the job. This mindset is something that needs to be practiced 24-7, so that you do it without even thinking about it. Because sometimes, by the time you consciously perceive a threat, it already be too late.**

**==> picture [246 x 22] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Linking back to the previous comments, more friends also mean more eyes, which mean more opportunities to detect threats before they become serious. That, and sometimes you need someone to borrow ammo from when you run out.**

- **Stone**

- **Best way to survive and win a gunfight is, don’t get in one in the first place. It doesn’t matter how good a shot you are, how good your weapons are, or the level of your opposition. A rookie can take out a seasoned vet or elite operator if they’re given the right opportunity and means. Don’t give them the opportunity.**

- **> Lyran**

- **This doesn’t always apply when you’re on the job. Just after the Az-Am War, when Aztlan was solidifying their hold in Bogotá, I was there minding my own business (for once) and trying to get a fragging coffee. As I’m walking up to the café, the people around me start acting weird. Pedestrians suddenly change direction, windows close, that sort of thing as a small convoy of nondescript cars and trucks starts coming up the street. I see someone in a window taking a keen interest in said convoy, and a little voice in my head tells me to take cover immediately. Five seconds later, a massive firefight breaks out. I book it out of there (not my fight) just as a rocket from a drone smokes the last truck. I was lucky— whoever oversaw the attack cared frag all about collateral damage. There were at least six bystanders killed, double that injured. The convoy itself was vaporized. Never found out what it was about or who was involved.**

- **Marcos**
