---
id: SSt-0205
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Preparation is half of every shadowrun. The other half is overkill.
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Preparation is half of every shadowrun. The other half is overkill.**

**I mentioned that Sebastian made sure I knew the mission details before I signed up. He did that with the whole team as well, which gave us a boost when it came time to prepare. Seb was a stickler for prep time, providing us with maps, aerial recon, and even data fles on every potential member of the opposition we might encounter along the way. Knowing everything you can ahead of time can be the difference between payday and a bodybag.**

**This was all possible because Sebastian was also a decker from way back in the day. How far back, you might ask? Let’s just say that while he wasn’t a founding member of the Dead Deckers Society, his membership number only has two digits. He also made sure to recruit Spanners frst so he could use the dwarf’s drones to gather our intel.**

**I have seen a lot of shadowruns that get thrown together all at once. Mr. Johnson makes a call at sunset, and people are laying down covering fre**

**before midnight. Sometimes that works, but for my nuyen I would much rather have a few days to do things Seb’s way. “Knowledge is power” may be a cliché, but the people who say it are the ones who lived long enough to know how true it is.**

**So the job at hand was a data heist. This new corporation, AchTech, had gotten syndicate permission to revamp an old high-security skyrise in Joliet. The contractor who had hired Sebastian in the frst place wanted the cores out of a Renraku mainframe that had just been installed. Why a copy of its data wasn’t good enough is still beyond me, but the job was an old-school hardware heist.**

**That meant physically going in, which wasn’t going to be easy. Between the building’s existing defenses and the massive amount of German blood money AchTech had dropped making the place impregnable, there was another complication. The corporation had shelled out big for their security force and hired an entire group of trolls out of Hermosa. Big, tough, and just professional enough to be trusted with nightwatchman work, they were going to be a huge problem … pun intended.**

**Everything else we could work around, but the trolls were going to take an army to bring down, and we were fresh out of special forces.**

**That’s where the personnel fles came in. Sebastian had already done the groundwork and what he couldn’t fnd, I could. I took his data and worked all the angles, putting big ugly names to big ugly faces. From this information, Seb, Delta, and I profled the guards and came up with a plan to take them out.**

**And it worked. May whatever gods exist forgive us, it worked.**

**Of course, we didn’t walk out of there without some wounds or losing a few liters, but that brings us to Lesson Four.**
