---
id: SSt-0223
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: A Good Hacker Should Also Be a Good Money Launderer
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A Good Hacker Should Also Be a Good Money Launderer**

**Remember that the point of a good money launderer is to make sure any money you spend has a legitimate reason for being yours. There is always a record of where the money came from—whether it was a transfer from another account or a deposit from a credstick (or cash, if you somehow fnd some). In a suspicious situation, offcials are going to look at where money came from to see it has any red fags. This is one nice perk of working for the corps—they make their payments look legitimate. A nice lump sum from a megacorp’s department of unspecifed services won’t raise any eyebrows among law enforcement. Even if they know what it means, they’ll know it’s not worth digging into. It has a megacorp’s stamp of approval, and that’s usually enough for the cops. Even when someone knows enough to fnd such a payment suspicious, they’ll know that the corp likely dotted the I’s and crossed the T’s well enough to prevent any investigation from getting anywhere.**

- **Or they’ll just send some goons out to tell investigators to knock it off.**

- **Cosmo**

**Other payments, though, can be trouble. If you were hired by an individual, or an organized crime outft, or were involved in smuggling or talislegging, then you have money that does not have a good reason to be yours. To avoid hassles, you should have a hacker clean it up. The easiest way to do this is with a shell company. Have the hacker investigate different national governments to fnd a spot where corporate registration is easy and international money transfers are not overly encumbered. Then have them set up a business that’s vague but sounds like something rich people - would be involved in—“personal services” and “f nancial services” are good candidates.**

**In a lot of circumstances, this would be enough, but if you want to hold up to tougher scrutiny, have the hacker take a few extra steps. Make multiple companies, and have them do business with**

**each other, with money going back and forth. Make descriptions of the services provided. Make some flings that unfailingly show that while the corporations in question had revenue, they never quite managed to turn a proft. It’ll be so boring that it will put investigators to sleep, which is exactly what you want.**
