---
id: SSt-0184
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Expand Your Reach
page: 131
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Expand Your Reach**

**The nice thing about Club Fed is that it brings people together. The people I met came from everywhere from Bismarck to Boston and Sudbury to St. Louis. We had all kinds of discussions about felds, and eventually it turned into one big networking event. I got the names of all kinds of interesting people across the UCAS. When I eventually left the retreat and got back into the working world, that expanded contact base became one of the biggest assets of my revitalized business. If you’re lucky, you might even meet a mentor who**

- **Ma’fan**

**Remember, folks: every setback is a blessing in disguise. Next time you fnd yourself facing the prospect of a state-run getaway, try seeing it as an opportunity to improve yourself as a person!**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**all-legal models, and there were a hell of a lot more of those punks than there were of me.**

**I lasted about a week before I decided my “independent-mindedness” wasn’t worth the trouble and joined one of the gangs. I hate followin’ orders as much as the next slot, but it was nice to only have to sleep with one eye open, instead of one in each direction. There are some compromises you have to make to gang membership, but mostly it’s a matter of watching each other’s backs. Sometimes these ties can extend outside of the prison, which can be a pain if people are asking you for favors or a beneft if you have an extended network to help you on the job**

**Mostly, you want to keep your head down. Don’t draw the attention of the guards (who you should think of as just another gang) or anyone else. If you have to deliver a beatdown, try to be part of a group so responsibility can’t be pinned solely on you. Don’t work on an elaborate escape plan unless you have no hope of release in the foreseeable future. Do your time, maybe gain a few new skills from your fellow inmates, and build your resolve to not get caught again when you get out.**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
