---
id: SSt-0125
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Pistons'
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Pistons**

**One of the toughest things to prepare for in a toxic zone is the people and animals you might encounter. We have some lists of toxic critters, but the way pollution combines with the Awakening means you can get rapid generation of new creatures. Which means you have a chance of encountering something no one has ever seen.**

- **Or will ever see again, which can make you look like a lunatic. I went on a run in Tsimshian once, looking to recover some tech out of a research facility that had fallen to toxic spirits. We did our scouting, like a good team should, but our legwork never showed us the creature we would run into. It was kind of like a hairy, small elephant whose face was a mass of tentacle-like trunks. There was a toothy maw in the middle of the trunks. It didn’t accelerate well, but its top speed was quite fast, and it could thunder through the landscape. It also had a call like a high, hoarse scream. I didn’t want to fight it, as its hide looked thick, but it kept looking for us. We’d make it slow down, then dash away as it was trying to get up to speed. We’d hoped it would forget about us when we got out of sight, but it never did. It must have had our scent, because it kept coming after us. Its scream still haunts my dreams sometimes.**

**But despite these vivid memories, I can’t convince anyone that this creature was actually there.**
