---
id: SSt-0214
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Two Key Things
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Two Key Things**

**I’m going to get into a few more specifcs now, but there are two things that make up for a ton of other faws. If you have these two things, it’s amazing the amount of doors you can get to open for you. Without them, life is a series of roadblocks.**

**Those things are: money and a good SIN.**

**The frst one is obvious. Want a nice place to live or a car or some kind of retirement fund or whatever? You need money. Money is the springboard that can launch us to a host of other possibilities. I can give you a whole host of tips on how to wisely use your money, but if you don’t have any, I have only one tip for you: get some.**

**A good SIN is also critical. If you don’t believe that, then you’ve been spending too much time in the barrens. Walk around and try to exist where the normies are without one and see what you can get done. You might not be able to buy groceries, eat at a restaurant, or even walk down the street, let alone do things like rent a home or travel on an airplane. You need a quality SIN, and you need to use it** _**only**_ **for your “real” life. Don’t be tempted to use it to get into an offce building or ride the train while on a job. Make it as completely nondescript as my good friend David Belson, who looks a lot like me but combs his hair more often.**

- **And for ghost’s sake, avoid doing anything cute with the name on this SIN. Don’t use your middle name as a first or last name. Don’t use your mother’s maiden name. Don’t make it an anagram of your name. And don’t go with some cute pop-culture reference like Richard Kimble, Natasha Romanoff, or Arsène**

**Lupin. The whole goal of this SIN is to be disconnected from you**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**and innocuous. Save your stunt names for your burner SINs. Or just don’t use them at all.**

**> DangerSensei**

**With that said, let’s get into some more specifc thoughts about how to manage that thing some people call life.**
