---
id: SSt-0099
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Job
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Job**

**Let’s move to the second piece of intel they should have looked into before gearing up: the tar-**

**get. You know, Harold Fitzgerald, the NBS reporter tasked to do some pretty demeaning puff pieces. Well, if they had studied his background, they would have learned a few interesting things. Like the fact that his sister died in Chicago back in ’58, making him a very adamant bug hater. The kind of guy who wanted to exterminate all of them, had an account on Bugwatch, and worshiped as true heroes the Firewatch units who fought in Chicago CZ.**

- **That they were …**

- **Old Crow**

- **Nothing is truly that black and white. A lot of deaths in the CZ are related to Firewatch doing drek or following unethical orders from Ares. But let’s put a pin on such debate. It’s neither the time nor the place.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**Second: Remember when Ares purged the ranks of Firewatch back at the end of the ’70s? You know, when some veterans of the fght against the bugs for decades suddenly became “terrorists”? And then got killed or went into hiding (generally, just before joining Ravenheart troops)? Well, this guy was one of the few journalists who challenged this narrative. And that’s why he was demoted and tasked to do some basic Ares propaganda. This was both a punishment for disobeying and a loyalty test: “Prove to us that you still believe enough in the corporation to make good PR for Ares (or we’ll deal with you like the traitor you are).”**

**All of this puts quite a different shine on the run, doesn’t it? Now you see why a bug spirit jumping on the team should have been an expectation rather than a surprise.**

- **I always felt that Sim-Eon was a bit extreme in his due diligence. I often joked, back when he was still running the shadows in the ’50s, that until he knew exactly when, and to whom, his Mr. Johnson had lost his virginity to, he would not accept a job from him.**

- **But I must confess, this little “run gone wrong story” really**

- **makes me understand where he’s coming from …**

- **Old Crow**

**To make a long story short, with a bit of legwork, it should have been clear that the run had Ares and bug spirits written all over it, and that the journalist might be either a target of the Ares intelligence services (or a faction within them), or the bugs, or an ally of Ravenheart’s renegades, if not all of the above.**
