---
id: SSt-0174
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Magical Crimes
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Magical Crimes**

**Magical law is such a broad area that law professors can teach entire courses and barely scratch the surface. I could probably fll a whole download talking about magical crimes, and it wasn’t even my area of expertise. In the interests of not boring everyone to death, I’ll try to keep it concise.**

**When courts started having to deal with magical law, a lot of them responded by interpreting existing laws as applying to magical activities. With those interpretations in law, some countries never bothered passing legislation that specifcally refers to magical activities (most of the ones who have are in Europe, since civil-law judges aren’t bound by precedent in the same way as common-law judges are).**

**Because of how inconsistently laws are written from one country to another, the best explanation of magical law that I can give is “if it’s illegal to do it with a meat body, it’s illegal to do it magically”. Mages who astrally project into someone’s property without permission are routinely charged with trespassing. Pushing through or knocking down a ward is considered breaking and entering. Using magic to harm someone physically is normally aggravated assault (the magic counts as a “weapon,” as with deckers and cyberdecks). Magical coercion, like mind probes, illusions, or mind control, is treated as a violent crime on the grounds that it’s a violation of the victim’s person.**

- **Exceptions, naturally, exist for supervisors in a corporate environment.**

- **Cosmo**

**The law’s view of spirits might be the one thing about spirits that’s straightforward. If the spirit is summoned, the summoner is liable for any action taken by the spirit.**

- **What if the spirit breaks free?**

- **Lyran**

- **Doesn’t matter. The spirit breaking free just means the crime involves negligence, the logic being that “it’s your fault because you failed to prevent it” instead of “it’s your fault because you caused it.” As far as a court’s concerned, the summoner is still culpable.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**
