---
id: SSt-0013
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "An Idiot\u2019s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 3: Be Proficient, Not Just at\
  \ Shooting."
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **An Idiot’s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 3: Be Proficient, Not Just at Shooting.**

**Bleeding-edge weapons, targeting software/optics, and skillsofts do not a gunfghter make. Such things are a crutch at best. Practice and real training lead to true profciency. Going to a range, shooting in a booth, and putting three-centimeter groups into a target (that doesn’t shoot back) is great for fundamentals, but it does not equal combat profciency. First, learn everything you need to know about your frearms of choice, their capabilities, and especially their drawbacks. Then, get as much realistic combat training as you can. Learn how to fght with other people as part of a unit as well as those times when you’re alone. Know how to shoot, but also how to move and shoot, when to shoot, and how to do things like clear jams or malfunctions. Because, despite any fancy smartgun systems you may have, your weapons and ’softs will eventually fail—at the most inappropriate time.**

- **This is especially prevalent within the military and private military contractor communities. Year after year, I keep getting recruits, both young and old, who think that if they just had the latest skillsofts, the latest chrome, and the newest piece off the <insert manufacturer here> line that they’d make the cut or be just as good as anyone else. They spend time doing anything besides training, then they wonder how they’re getting their hoops shot off once the real fighting starts. Thankfully, most of these types tend to wash out of the higher-rated merc units. Unfortunately, there are units that are happy with just warm bodies.**

- **Picador**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Or they end up as independent contractors. A few months back, I was hired to liberate an individual from their then-current living arrangements. Principal was being held in a small cabin in a very cold location. There were a dozen contractors in total, all decked out in the latest arctic camo and gear, and reasonably armed with a mix of Yamaha Raidens, Crocket EBRs, and various heavy and light pistols. Normally, all-around good choices. Except I could tell, even at distance, that they’d done nothing to adapt their weapons to the sub-zero conditions. Worse, they had a lot of wireless repeaters mounted on the cabin’s roof. That said to me they were dependent on wireless—maybe a bit too much. Turns out I was right. My team’s sharpshooter and I took turns picking off each repeater. The contractors didn’t know what to do without their precious smartgun systems and couldn’t hit the broad side of a barn, even when their weapons didn’t jam up from the cold. Two managed to keep their drek together (sort of), but they acted like they were in a cheap action trid, not even bothering with little things like cover when returning fire. I felt so bad for these fraggers that we switched to less-than-lethal ordnance and picked them off in short order. Better to let them live with their abject failure, although we did take some video and shared it across certain Matrix sites just to twist the knife. I hate being cold, and these fraggers made me cold.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **Damn, both the Raiden and Crockett have solid reps for being reliable. For them to malfunction as you described, you need to frag up big time.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Not only that, but it sounds like they had no leadership, no command and control, no plans, and no protocols for when the enemy is engaged. It’s not mentioned, but an important part of a gun battle (or any battle) is to have at least some idea about tactics as well as the strengths and weaknesses of your team. Or at the very least, have someone who can take control of the situation and get things done. This group had none of that and paid the price for it.**

- **Rifleman**
