---
id: SSt-0025
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '///Direct Message/From: DangerSensei/To: Pike///'
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **///Direct Message/From: DangerSensei/To: Pike///**

- **Well, you just got your first taste of dealing with other runners. What’re your first impressions?**

- **> DangerSensei**

- **I’m impressed by some and repulsed by others. I feel like I have learned a lot, yet I have learned nothing. I’m glad I can drop the charade now. I feel like I was forced to sound like a complete idiot and a liar more than a few times.**

- **Pike**

- **All part of the game. I know it’s a long shot, but I don’t want to risk anyone realizing exactly who you are, or where you come from. Still surprised you told the story about the Star, though. That had me worried—someone may try to track that back, like Rigger X or even Clockwork, because they can be backstabbing fraggers like that.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Apologies, but I’m proud of that personal victory, in a somewhat morbid way. Will I be able to come to JackPoint again?**

- **Pike**

- **I’ll talk to Glitch about it—him, I trust. Bull too. Slamm-0! can be a bit too unpredictable. But the less you know, the better.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Understood.**

- **Pike.**

- **But since we’re technically still on the server, there is one more thing I wanted to discuss with you, something that didn’t come up related to the topic.**

- **Danger Sensei**

- **Oh?**

- **Pike**

- **I want to talk to you about “shoot/no shoot” situations.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **With respect, but I’m familiar with those already.**

- **Pike**

- **I’m not talking tactically, I’m talking about morally and ethically, in as much as it applies to the biz. You’re barely into your teens, yet you’ve killed multiple times. Sure, they were clear-cut cases of self-defense, even if some of the methods were a bit extreme. But the shadows are a lot murkier, and things aren’t always so cut-and-dried. At some point, you’re going to be put in a situation where things aren’t as simple.**

**You may have to geek an innocent, like a kid, to save your or your team’s skins. You may have to kill people just because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Or (Ghost forbid), you may have to geek a teammate. Maybe even me. What I want you to start thinking about is: How far are you willing to go? Are there any situations where you simply will not kill? Do or will you even care if you kill? Are there any kinds or types of people you will not draw down on? Is killing only a last resort? Is it a first resort? Is it the only resort? Or is it somewhere in the middle? Are you against killing entirely and will only use non-lethal force? These and other questions you need to figure out, especially if you’re going to work with the shadows, if you’re going to work under me. Because once you pull that trigger, literally and metaphorically, there’s no going back. Now, some call it a personal code, others simply think of it as limits or boundaries they will not cross. There’s no judgement in what you ultimately decide, but I need to know what kind of situations I can and cannot put you in to not endanger the team, the job, and yourself when and if I think you’re ready to start running for real. Now, this isn’t something I want you to answer right now. I want you to think long and hard on it. And we’ll keep coming back to it as I train you until you figure it out. What you ultimately decide will shape what kind of runner you become if you end up following through with our deal. Which is important, because I may not always be here, and it will set the tone for what kind of rep you earn and what jobs you end up being offered. Not only that, but I’ve seen too many people go down paths that ultimately lead to their and others’ destruction, with the only question being how long and how much pain and suffering it causes before they get there. Do you understand?**

**> DangerSensei**

- **Logically, I think so. But I’m already having a lot of conflicting feelings regarding your words, given my past. It’s a lot to process.**

- **Pike**

- **Okay then. I’ll leave it at that for now. I just got word from Glitch, you’re on probationary status starting now and have your own access and passcodes. Use them wisely, because as part of your training I’m going to let you succeed or fail on your own here. But on that note, we’re going to see what, if anything, you’ve learned here. Firearms training starts at 0530 tomorrow with Buster. Better get some rest or at least bring enough ‘kaf because you’re hauling all the ammo.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Hai, Sensei.**

- **Pike.**
