---
id: SSt-0051
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Short Con
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Short Con**

**Short cons are improvisational tools you can employ as needed. They’re not the whole job, they’re a piece that will help you get the whole job done. Now the experts are going to walk you through the ins and outs.**

- **I don’t like working with anyone who can’t lie just a little. A hair of the bluff saves time and trouble when you break the law for a living.**

- **Kat-o’-Nine-Tales**

- **My personal favorite is the all-time classic—the Bavarian Fire Drill. Roll up the sleeves, look and act like you belong, you’re in a hurry, and there’ll be hell to pay for anyone who gets in your way. Your ass is on the line, and they’ll burn with you. A prop can help, from a hardcopy (because it’s unhackable) to a dangerous-looking bag to a pilfered or forged ID.**

- **Red**

- **I’m paraphrasing hard because I can’t remember the quote, but it basically says people are instinctually trusting and don’t want any trouble, and you can exploit that. The trick is that the BFD doesn’t work if anyone questions it with any authority. You’ve got to either be beneath their notice or somehow make them scared to interfere with you.**

- **Kia**

- **All true. Staying beneath notice is usually easy enough if you keep your cool and don’t make any fuss. Everyone is generally caught up in their own world, and security is looking for what doesn’t belong. A uniform is good. Acting like a courier is ace—I’ve made whole fake SINs just for this purpose. Being scary is easier if you either have an amazing prop, forged authorizations, or researched some important names. If this fragile and highly volatile genetic recombinator fueled by brittle beta-orichalcum isn’t delivered to Shogo-san in the next ten minutes, his presentation is delayed, and I’m worse than fired. I’ll have to tell him why I’m late. Please step aside.**

- **Oxford Way Officer**

- **What the hell is beta-orichalcum?**

- **Lyran**

- **Pretend, as far as I know. But does Sgt. Security Guard know that? And did I just name the head of the Experimental Parageology Department and name a behavior that sounds believable? Why, yes I did. It’s a gamble, like any lie, but I’ve stacked the deck in my favor, and the payoff is free passage and time saved. Gotta keep moving, gotta be in and out of their sight and mind as quick and organically as you can.**

- **Oxford Way Officer**



- **So the name drops should be memorable, but keep yourself as forgettable as possible. Got it.**

- **Gillette**

- **Yeah, thereabouts. The name should overwhelm anything else they’re thinking of. Let yourself be overshadowed. A memorable performance is a bad one, when it comes to a con. It’s where lying and acting deviate most.**

- **Kat-o’-Nine-Tales**

- **And heck, your own nerves can be used to sell the lie. You’re nervous, deep in target territory with just your wits to protect you. Letting a bit of that show can help sell it, especially if the name drop has a terrifying rep. Use what’s around you, even your own emotions.**

- **Butterfly in the Rain**

- **Playing courier is a good cover. Construction worker or public works contractor can both be handy for getting access to otherwise restricted areas. If the mark believes you’re just there to do some run-of-the-mill job, they won’t give you much trouble. Faking a work order from a subcontractor is way easier than forging an ID that will stand up to anything but the most basic scrutiny. If you can back that up with planted data in the target’s systems, all the better, but for access on the fly, a hard hat, orange vest, and clipboard can get you surprisingly far.**

- **> Daisychain**

- **In the ’50s, the “Vending Machine Mafia” in Seattle was one of the best syndicates you could hook up with. Got you into damn near every breakroom before the megas started doing all their stock internally. Ah, better days.**

- **Prime Runner**

- **I like Stone Soup. Play the oddball for the sake of avoiding confrontation. Sometimes they’ll give you what you want just so you’ll leave them alone, or you diffuse a situation based on making them agree on not wanting to provoke you. Not really intimidation so much as not wanting the trouble. Just be careful not to play this with people who would just as soon smash you under their boot. Works well with a Backalley Makeover.**

- **> OddBall**

- **I love Backalley Makeovers! Need to look like you’ve been mugged? A quick nick with a knife in your scalp probably won’t need stitches, but it’ll glub blood all over your face for pity or horror. Need to look homeless? A dirty blanket, a bottle of booze, and a friendly pull to a passing local wino will make you part of a smelly crowd no one wants to do anything with. Great way to get you to your next costume change, hopefully prepared in advance and thoroughly different from the last three.**

- **> SimonSays**

- **Suits hear IPO and think of stocks. I hear IPO and think “Impersonating a Police Officer.” It’s one of the best disguises. There’s enough of them around to blend in, they scare the normies into avoiding eye contact, and if you’ve got good**

**credentials and a reason to be there, most security will just assume you belong. Push it hard, you might even get the other cops to help you out.**

- **Rounder**

- **Many people belong wherever they are.**

- **Many-Names**
