---
id: SSt-0178
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Security Levels
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Security Levels**

**Minimum security , or minsec, is about as strict as your average corp parent. They might put you in a cell, or they might put you in a dorm, or even a cabin like a Corp Scout summer camp. Some prisons let the inmates and guards eat together like they’re all part of one big fraggin’ family or whatever.**

**Minsec let inmates wander around the grounds and do whatever they feel like, so long as they don’t start trouble. You get more time in the yard to work out or hang out with other inmates, maybe even a trid set in your cell if you play nice. Most prisons offer rehab courses, some run classes for people who want to get a GED, and there are workshops where they say you can learn skills while they exploit you for money, because slavery’s still legal as long as it’s done to a criminal. Sometimes, minsec inmates even get let out for the day to go work as a wageslave a nearby town, as long as they wear a tracking anklet.**

**The kind of people that go to minsec prisons are usually deckers, because most deckers are useless in a fght and won’t give the guards much trouble. Doesn’t seem fair to me that Tauren could melt someone’s brain with his deck or Blitz (our rigger) can run some slot over with her van and go to a minsec resort while I get locked down for punchin’ someone in the mouth, but that’s life, I guess.**

- **There’s more info about what the law considers “violent” later in this file.**

- **DangerSensei**

**Medium security , or medsec, is tougher than minsec. (That’s probably obvious to you smart folks, but I’m writing this for people like me, remember?) You’ll defnitely be in a cell, but you might have a cellmate instead of being alone. The guards’ll let you into the yard for a couple hours instead of a whole afternoon, and it’ll be with a few other people, not everyone else in the prison. Medsec prisons less likely to exploit you as a worker, but that also means you can’t buy stuff from the prison store (if they have one) with what little they do pay you.**

**Most people who end up in medsec are violent frst-time offenders, who can be anything from a scared ork kid who took a swing at a human bully to a sammy with a decent amount of chrome. In fact, pretty much anyone who’s a trog gets sent to medsec, even for white-collar drek. Sometimes,**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**non-violent offenders who have a history of escape attempts will be sent to medsec even if they aren’t trogs.**

**of special security measures to handle the inmates’ “unique circumstances,” as Lone Star calls them. > Hard Exit**

**Maximum security , or maxsec, is where a lot of runners end up. It’s for the “hardened criminals” and “domestic terrorists” like full-borg street sams or bare-knuckle adepts, people who have ties to gangs or organized crime, or violent repeat offenders with a history of trying to break out. You spend twenty-three hours a day in a cell doing sweet frag all—no prison labor, no rehab, nothin’, unless you get a visitor. The other hour is yard time, and you go out there alone, because the guards think that having more than one maxsec inmate in the same place is just begging for a riot. (They’re right, but still.) If you frag up, you get thrown into solitary as punishment, sometimes for days or weeks at a time.**

**Supermax is like … maxsec, but more, I guess? I’ve never been in one, but the guys that have say you spend almost all your time in solitary and have no contact with anyone, even the guards. Those guys might be full of drek, though—I’ve never heard of someone getting** _**out**_ **of supermax unless they’re in a body bag, so how the frag would they know?**
