---
id: SSt-0024
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Connection Rating: 7'
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Connection Rating: 7**

**Role: Gunrunner, Arms Dealer Location: Berlin, Allied German States**

**Enigmatic, eccentric, moody, or just plain nuts are just some of the few ways Gunter Shultz has been described. A staple in the Western European neo-anarchist scene for the past few years, Shultz started out as street muscle but quickly gained a reputation in the European shadows as a gun for hire and hitman for various neo-a causes under the name “The Black Hunter.” That is, until 2078, when a run went wrong, and Schultz took a literal bullet to the brain. Street docs were able to remove most of the fragmented projectile, but there are still pieces that are slowly working their way through his grey matter, which means Shultz is living on borrowed time. Because of his injuries, he often experiences mood swings (sometimes violent) and radical personality shifts. But despite this, Schultz has developed a serious carpe diem attitude in both his personal and professional lives. If Shultz gets an idea or new hobby into his head, he’ll follow it to levels that border on obsession until the day comes when he simply doesn’t care about it anymore and will abruptly drop it. No longer working the shadows directly, Schultz has placed himself into a position to assist neo-anarchist causes by making sure anyone from the movement or their allies have access to all the frearms and weaponry they need. If he’s not busy with something else.**

**==> picture [71 x 364] intentionally omitted \<==**



- **Okay, unpopular opinion time: Ares Arms is overrated. Come at me.**

- **X-Prime**

- **What the frag? Can’t you keep up? We already passed that part of the conversation! Why do you keep doing drek like this?!**

- **> Cayman**

- **Education for the newbie. Because I am the bacon of truth!**

- **> X-Prime**

- **First, you need to update your spellcheck settings because it’s beacon, not bacon. Although I haven’t had good, real bacon in years. But anyway, you’re full of it. There’s a reason the Predator is in its sixth iteration and has been one of the go-to carries for what, at least three decades now? Not my personal carry, but the Predator lines deserve respect.**

- **2XL**

- **I kind of agree with X-Prime. The Predator II especially. Good idea, horrible execution. And I don’t care what anyone says, they are so fragging big and heavy. And despite what Hard Exit says, I’m still not sure about the Predator VI’s ammo switch capabilities. I’ve heard stories about it jamming up when you try and switch the ammo or during burst fire. Sorry, give me reliable and tested over flashy and new any day.**

- **Stone**

- **Thank you! Someone who’s also seen that Ares’ drek does in fact stink! People have been equating Ares, and only Ares, with guns for what, over thirty years now? There are better options on the market. Onotari Arms, anyone?**

- **> Clockwork**

- **So, if you feel that way, should I tell our mutual contact to cancel your order of Firelance vehicle lasers?**

- **Cosmo**

- **Wha … no! Frag off! I’m simply saying that there are options that are just as good out there, for less nuyen, even if you have to mod them up a bit.**

- **Clockwork**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **And yet, there’s a very good reason that Ares has its rep. Take the marketing hype away, and at the end of the day you still have some extremely capable weaponry. There’s a reason that the Predator is seeing its sixth iteration. There’s a reason that the Ares Alpha has been and continues to be the go-to primary weapon of special forces and operators worldwide.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **For the record, I don’t care how old it is, I’ll never give up my CZ pistol. Some things still stand the test of time, no matter what technological advancements come.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **AK-97. That thing is also timeless. Twenty years and it’s still going strong. I can still put a nice tight group right into a fragger’s center mass at fifty meters, or their face at twenty if they’ve got armor. All I need is a laser sight and a good scope.**

- **> Butch**

- **Classics are classic for a reason. I get irate when people keep trying to fix what isn’t broken. Case in point: The Panther Cannon has remained mostly unchanged for how many decades now? Mine still shoots as good as it did when I first got it. No major upgrades, except maybe the smartgun software. Just point and boom.**

- **Bull**

- **Oh, please. Do you people always have to remind us just how old you are? Sorry, but the “if it was good enough for me, it’s good enough for you” fallacy smacks of the same arrogance often attributed to the younger generations, like mine. Weapons are a literal arms race. Drek becomes obsolete too fragging fast today, and someone is always coming up with easier and more creative ways for us to kill each other. And if you don’t stay ahead of or at least match that curve, you die. Pure and simple. And this isn’t academic, this is fact played out on the streets every day.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Well, I got nothing.**

- **Stone**

**///DangerSensei <Authorized User> has logged out/// ///Pike <Guest> has logged out///**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
