---
id: SSt-0127
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Blinding White - Posted by: Henney'
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Blinding White**

## **Posted by: Henney**

**The Trans-Polar Aleut has had some pirate problems, so I got dispatched to northeast Greenland to fnd one of the pirates’ reputed bases. The coast of Greenland is unsparing. The water typically is barely above freezing, and the coast is rocky, with few friendly places to land. That helps, though, because we knew there were only a few places where pirates might make a base. The disadvantage being, those docks are inside fjords. It’s not easy to sneak up on people through the water in any circumstance, but it’s harder when you have to traipse through a long, narrow inlet.**

**I’ll elide this part so I can get to the cold-weather stuff: There were four of us. Me, the gun guy; Pitfall, our mage; Cinnabar, our decker who’s also not bad with a pistol; and Umiak, another shooter with a little bit of rigging skills. We tried using a combination of spells and spirits to conceal ourselves, but it didn’t work, we were seen and shot at with some missiles, and our craft lost seawor-**

**thiness. We didn’t get to land until we had swum in the icy waters and were quite soaked. We had spare clothes, but those were soaked, too.**

**If you’ve read this far, you know what our frst problem was. Luckily, Pitfall could conjure, so he summoned a spirit of fre that dried off our clothes and warmed us up. So that’s my frst piece of advice to all of you: Someone who can literally call up assistance out of thin air is incredibly valuable.**

- **Not to beat this point into the ground, but what is summoned for you can be summoned against you. If you are depending on spirits of fire to keep you alive in a cold environment, be prepared for anyone acting against you to send water spirits to extinguish them. If they can just wear out your conjurer, you’re back to square one.**
