---
id: SSt-0189
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Check References. Seriously.
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Check References. Seriously.**

**I’ve met completely incompetent runners who can talk up a fantastic game during a short meet-**

**==> picture [490 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [282 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**and-greet. I’ve also met really skilled runners who can barely get through a sentence the frst time they meet a new team. The point is, don’t simply rely on the impression you get meeting someone to be a full assessment of how good a team member they’ll be. If you don’t know them, you’d better ask around. You need to know how skilled they are, what their demeanor is, if they’re trustworthy, and how they hold up when the pressure builds. None of those are things you want to be surprised about on the job.**

**It can be especially important to listen to subtext. If your rigger says they see a suspicious vehicle approaching your scene, then what they mean is they see a suspicious vehicle. But if they see a suspicious vehicle, then another one, then a pigeon they thought might be a drone, there may be something else going on. You have to start asking yourself: Are they always this jumpy? Are they going to be calling in false alarms for your whole run? Or has something happened to make them extra jumpy at this instance?**

**==> picture [18 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**You could try to ignore the behavior and hope it improves or changes on its own, but in my experience that doesn’t happen much. Instead, the underlying cause builds and builds if not addressed, and eventually you have a problem on your hands. So listen to the subtext, and try to deal with it.**

- **If you want to be thorough—and you do—don’t just call up the names the person gives you and call it done. The names you get from a person will all be disposed to say good things about them. Push on to the next level, do thorough Matrix searches, and scratch below the surface. You’re trusting a team member with your life, so take your vetting seriously.**

- **> Sunshine**

- **And, you know, listen to text. If someone says they’re at the end of their rope, physically or mentally, listen. A certain kind of person thinks that forcing them to push through that is leadership. Instead, what they’re doing is increasing the likelihood of a mistake in the field. The kind that often results in someone being dead.**
