---
id: SSt-0196
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Mika'
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Mika**

**Above all, you need to remind everyone of the larger goals. What do they want out of this job, and will their confict help or hinder their work to reach this goal? Everyone wants to get paid, and if you’re lucky, you’re working a job whose ultimate outcome may give you some pride or even bring some good into the world. Help people remember what matters and see if that starts to build a path toward leaving some smaller disputes behind.**

- **If you want an example, just look at urban brawl—specifically, the Cincinnati Lasers and the Norfolk Battlers. Both teams fit the thirteen players, thirteen cabs after the game mold. There is no socializing going on between players, because none of them like each other. This is evident in any Lasers match you watch. Tune into the feed where you can hear their comms sometimes**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**and just listen as they tear into each other. They spend more time watching for each other’s mistakes than watching the other team, and as a result they’re never really prepared for what the other team throws at them. The Battlers, on the other hand, will fight right up until the match starts, and then all of the sudden everyone becomes crisp, cool, and professional. They didn’t suddenly start liking each other, but they’re able to remember what they’re there for, and that’s to win the game. The Lasers have trouble remembering that, and as a result, they’re way back in the standings. > Slamm-0!**
