---
id: SSt-0105
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Brief
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Brief**

**The client is sort of a Mr. Smith. He is an old, rich guy, who just beat a “fatal disease” when he contacts the runners for a job. His recent recovery has given him “a new lease on life,” as they say. Wealthy, but lonely as frag, he now seeks to alleviate his guilty conscience and wants a second chance at having a family.**

**Indeed, over twenty years ago, during the Grand Tour, he had an affair with a “top model” (in fact, an escort, but he prefers to remember it his way). Their few nights of “dating” produced a bastard daughter who he never cared about until now. He wants the team to retrieve her and reunite him with his progeny. Maybe even make it right with the mom.**

**Eye-tearing backstory, right? Reads like a fragging soap from Horizon? So, naturally, no self-respecting runner would take this brief at face value. But here’s the kicker: Everything he said turned out to be true. All the research the team did after the meet confrmed their client was who he claimed to be. His participation in the Grand Tour for decades, the few love affairs with “models” that coincided, and the fact that he had told the boards he sits on that he was away for several months due to a “severe illness” all checked out.**

**To make it worse, their mage bluntly cast a mind probe spell on Mr. Smith and read his aura during all the discussion. Even the service drone bringing them drinks could see the manableed around the guy’s eyes!**

- **Obviously, the last sentence is meant in jest. Regular drones cannot spot mana bleeding into the physical world. What SimEon means here is that they were not even discreet about it and the client did not mind, because he knew he was sincere, so it helped him making his case.**

- **Winterhawk**
