---
id: SSt-0128
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Elijah'
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Elijah**

- **Also, don’t forget the astral flare summoning usually sends up.**

- **Frosty**

**The spirit also melted some water for us, so we were okay there, but most of our food had gone down with the ship. There were fsh in the water below, but we couldn’t make ourself obvious by fshing (and we didn’t have the gear). Water spirits, though, are great for fshing, but we had to make sure we did not lean on Pitfall’s conjuring skills too hard.**

**We also had to decide how to assault the port without the weapons mounted to our boat, and the weapons we had on us were quite possibly compromised by their time in the water, despite the work of the spirit to warm us up.**

**Aside from that, we had no advantages at all. They had warmth, shelter, and food. They knew we were out there. They could bide their time. We could not.**

**The dilemma, though, contained the solution. They expected us to move out of need. Which meant that was the thing we should not do. The coastal snow and ice packs are less thick than those inland, especially in warmer months when the water edges up a few degrees. Rather than dig into the snow, we dug into the rock. Our mage cast Shape Stone to carve a dwelling place out of the rock wall above the inlet. It wore her out, but luckily, by the end of it, we had a place to sleep. With our mage not available to summon spirits, we warmed our cave the old-fashioned way—we lit a fre. Wood is scarce in Greenland, but we quickly discovered one reason this particular area had been chosen by the pirates: It had a decent supply of peat. Once we had cut a piece out of the ground, it warmed up our small chamber nicely. Thankfully, Pitfall had shaped a chimney in the structure before she fell asleep.**

**> Remember that when you make a chimney, don’t just think any**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**hole will do. Give it some decent length or else you might not get enough draft, and your quarters will fill up with smoke. > 2XL**

**The surfaces were hard, the air was smoky, and the Matrix signal was non-existent, but we had food and weren’t freezing to death, so I had to consider that a win. We wouldn’t have astral recon until our mage woke up, but we didn’t see signs of them looking for us, which was good news.**

**That was okay for the nighttime, but we knew we’d have a problem in the daytime if we kept a fre going. Even a small wisp of smoke might draw attention. It was spring, so the sun was coming up around six in the morning. That meant we were going to go a long time without fre.**

- **Speaking of sunrise, if you’re north of the Arctic circle, be aware of how quickly sunrise and sunset can change. In spring, sunrise is often five minutes earlier one day than it was the next. Check sunrise and sunset data on your commlink—don’t just rely on your visual impression from one day carrying through to others.**

- **> Red Anya**

- **You may not be able to get a signal in some of these areas, so download these times in advance.**

- **Hard Exit**

**We couldn’t guarantee that our mage would recover on time to get a fre spirit for us as the sun rose, so we had to be ready for alternate plans.**

**Fortunately, we all carry sources of heat with us, and hopefully your team is mature enough to use them. Get under some covers and get close to each other. And I mean** _**close**_ **close. You want to be in contact with each other. You won’t get much done, as moving around dissipates the heat, but you can stay suffciently warm for a surprising amount of time, especially if you’re in a room that had already been heated above the icy levels of the outdoors.**

- **There is no room in the cold for any concerns besides staying warm. If you’re not ready to cuddle up to your teammates, you’re not ready for extreme cold.**

- **Sounder**

**As it turned out, our mage came to in the late morning but didn’t really feel up to summoning until mid-afternoon. I won’t lie, even though we were close to each other under our blankets, it was a long wait. Once we had a fre spirit burning happily in the middle of our cave, things got a lot better. We came out from under our covers, stretched, and started thinking seriously about our approach.**

**One advantage of working in a hostile climate is that everyone around knows how merciless it can be. They have shaped their entire lives and schedules around it, so even if it becomes a sort**

**of background noise to their lives, it never goes away. It’s never forgotten. They know that people simply don’t survive long where they are, so if someone stays out of sight for a relatively short period of time, it’s easy to assume they are either dead or fed. I wouldn’t do that in, say, a temperate woodland. If I saw someone sneak up in a cabin I had in the woods, and then I didn’t see them for a couple of days, I’d probably still worry a little about them. They could still be lurking out there, waiting. It would be easy to stake me out, bide their time, wait for their moment. In the arctic, you just don’t assume people will do this. If you haven’t seen a trace of someone for forty-eight hours, you don’t think they’re lurking nearby. You think they’re gone or ice.**

**So that’s the timeframe we used—forty-eight hours. By the time our mage woke up, we were already about sixteen hours past the sinking of our boat. That left only thirty-two to go. Our mage summoned a spirit at sunset and sunrise, and we used one of the essential tools every shadowrunner should always carry: a physical deck of cards. We didn’t gamble, because we didn’t need a situation where people might get mad enough to throw a punch, and none of us was carrying cash anyway. We played so many games of hearts that for the rest of my life, whenever I play that game, my hands will probably drop ten degrees in temperature just from the memory.**

**In between games, we planned, then reviewed the plan. We knew it needed to be fast and precise, so we reviewed it several times. The biggest problem was that we weren’t sure the base was there until our boat sank, so we didn’t know just what the base looked like. But we didn’t dare send out anything that might be spotted, so we couldn’t do reconnaissance. We had to make up our assault on the fy.**

- **Henney understands one key principle: Even though you’d be tempted to go up and take a look at the people who might be looking out for you, don’t. If you’re trying to hide, stay in hiding. One peek outside could expose you to material or astral perception and blow up the whole game.**

- **Jimmy No**

**It’s important to remember what our job was. We were supposed to fnd the pirates and report on their base—what their forces looked like, what defenses they had, what crafts they have at their disposal, and so on. We were not there to wipe them out. Due to our situation and the fact that they already took out our boat, we might have to use violence, but we knew we should do it with our ultimate goal in mind. It should be geared toward speed and effciency, not scorched-earth tactics. Especially because frozen earth is tough to scorch.**

**While we couldn’t scout their facilities direct-**



**ly, we could make certain assumptions. Obviously, they needed a good heat source. They probably tried to keep their facility from being too obvious. And whatever it was, it likely was not assembled by professional contractors.**

- **Which doesn’t necessarily mean what you think. A lot of people assume that means it’ll be fragile and will fall apart if you blow on it, but if that were the case, the whole crew would have been dead long ago. Instead, what it means is the building will be weirdly put together and will have features you wouldn’t see in normal construction. The heat source may be there, but don’t expect it to be distributed efficiently. Other structural features may not be anywhere close to where you’d expect them to be. But the place will function.**

- **X-Prime**

**The best defense their base would have would be to keep us outside and them inside. Entrances were likely to be few and barricaded. But we knew there would be two things vitally important to them: their heat and their watercraft. They’d take extra measures to protect them.**

**Which leads us to our next question: Where did their heat come from? It’s possible they were like us, summoning a spirit for heat, but their facility was likely larger than our cave, requiring a more powerful spirit. A mage who had enough extra energy to summon a fre spirit daily could probably fnd better work than being a pirate near a frozen fjord. So we discarded that idea. Fuel supplies aren’t easy to come by in Greenland—no propane delivery services cover the northeast coast—so that left off-the-grid electricity. Solar might be a part of it, but with the high level of darkness in the winter months, they probably relied on a turbine or two.**

**Wind turbines are great, because you want to install them off the ground and in an open area. They can’t help but be visible. And you don’t want the turbine too far from your base, as the power loss that comes from transmission can make things rough when you barely have enough power to get by as is. We were pretty sure we could fnd the turbine—and ideally, be seen making a threat on it.**

**Now let’s talk about boats for a second. The hard part about stealing a car is getting it started, because once you get moving in it, you can take it in just about any direction and do a lot of things to it—keep it, sell it, break it into parts, and so on. Boats have less fexibility. When you travel, it’s going to be on water, and water has far fewer places to hide than land. You could hug a coast or move into an inlet, but while that might hide you from other watercraft, it limits your options of where you can go. There are fewer chop shops that can break down a boat than there are that can handle a car.**

**All this means two things. First, if you want to steal a boat, you’d better have a good plan on how you’re going to get away with it. Second, because**

**boat owners know all these things, they often (perhaps subconsciously) rely on them for security. That means some of the options present to prevent the theft of cars are not always used in boats. If you know what you’re doing, you can hotwire a boat. And their cabin can be easier to access, without tripping an annoying alarm, than a lot of cars of similar price.**

- **Also remember that moving a ship is more involved than starting the ignition and hitting the throttle. You have to check your drains, engage your power supply, vent the tank—if you don’t know the basics, you could find yourself drifting on basically a really big rowboat.**

- **Sounder**

**All these facts played into our planning, along with the key fact of working in the cold: Move fast and never stay in one place.**

**We knew we wanted a spirit to help us out, but we also knew we wouldn’t have multiple spirits without wearing Pitfall down. So what should we use spirits to help us with? Concealment? A quick attack that came faster than we could? Misdirection? There are strengths to each option, but with only four of us, we thought concealment would be our best option. We used the cover of night to give us an extra layer of protection, and we** _**moved.**_ **It didn’t take us long to spot the place—it didn’t have many windows, but the few they had glowed in the night. Their wind turbine had no wireless functionality but it was quite visible, sitting next to their squat building. It had corrugated metal walls, a rounded roof, and the back half of it dropped into the rocky surface. The turbine was on the north side of the building, and we were coming from the south. It would have been nicer if it was on the same side as us, but it wasn’t a huge problem.**

**We made our move about two hundred meters from the station. The spirit dropped its concealment, materialized, and charged toward the turbine, howling like a gale. The four of us charged forward as well, three of us with guns out, Pitfall ready to cast a spell (or counterspell if that turned out to be necessary). We fred a few rounds at the turbine, mostly as a symbolic measure, but it had the intended effect. Most of us kept charging, but Umiak veered right, toward the water. Before long, the pirates scrambled out of their shelter, guns blazing. Their accuracy was limited by the fact that they kept looking behind them to make sure the turbine was okay.**

**It was about to not be okay. The air spirit had arrived at the turbine and was whipping around it, spinning it faster and faster. No harm done— in fact, their batteries were about to be far more charged than they expected—but it was enough to get the attention of the pirates. They ran toward the turbine, yelling and shooting, basically trying**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 238] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [175 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
113<br>SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [420 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**to shoo the spirit away like it was a really large, annoying crow. They remembered to throw a bullet or two our way just to keep us cautious, but the wild shots didn’t put us in much danger.**

**would have a negative effect on signal strength, maybe creating some noise for the pirates, but no such luck—cold air tends to lack moisture, and moisture can interfere with signal, so without moisture the signal does just fne. That meant it was up to Cinnabar to hold them off.**

**Three pirates had emerged and taken us on, but judging by the size of the ship below and the building in front of us, there were more. That meant we had to press the attack a little more to get a better count. I was tempted to use a fash-bang and let the refective power of snow and ice enhance its effect, but** _**everyone**_ **in a polar region wears protective goggles, which more than compensate for the bonus the snow and ice would provide. So I went with a normal grenade, lofted right over the roof of the metal building. It exploded nicely. I couldn’t quite see the other side of the arched roof, but I imagine it left a hole in the outer shell without penetrating the whole wall.**

**Since I’m telling you this, you have to know that Cinnabar won. She got the boat running, kept it under her control, and steered us away from the pirates. The pirates fred some shots at us, but they didn’t have the heart to sink their own ship— and the weapons they had used to sink ours were mounted on the watercraft we just stole. They obviously could not give chase, so we were clear.**

**So that’s my story, and I’m making sure I only work between the tropics for the next six months.**
