---
id: SSt-0232
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: When You Have Lost Reasons to Stay
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **When You Have Lost Reasons to Stay**

**The hidden truth here is that the reason I’m providing a list like this in the frst place is that a lot of times, we all need a push to get out of a bad situation. We could have a hit out on us, the cops could be racing to our door, and our house could be on fre, but some small part of our brain is still going, “I can get out of this. I can make this work.” Why? Because we all build attachments to our lives, sometimes despite our best efforts. We have a web of friends, lovers, and neighbors that we are not willing to cut. Want to know two big ways people on the lam get caught? Either they get back in touch with someone from their old life, or they talk about their old life with someone in their new life because they’ve grown to trust them. We can think of ourselves as big, heartless criminals all we want—I still like to think of myself that way, sometimes—but our connections to others are at the core of our lives.**

**So if we have lost all those connections, it’s time to go. Broke up with your signifcant other? Kicked off your team? Exiled from your favorite hangout? Then nothing’s holding you where you are.**

**Given how important these personal attachments are, it’s worth looking into some aspects of how all that works.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**> So glad you understand that now. > Netcat**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
