---
id: SSt-0195
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Be Ready for Conflict
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Be Ready for Conflict**

**It’s gonna happen. Sometimes, members of your team will disagree about matters of various de-**

**grees of severity. Sometimes they just plain won’t like each other. What are you going to do when that happens? You need to be prepared, because if you see your teammates about to tear each other’s throats out, it’s too late to try to decide what your confict resolution strategy is.**

**The frst piece of advice is don’t try to just make people shut up and paper over their differences. Unaddressed tensions don’t go away. Sure, it’s possible your team will manage to keep it together for the rest of the way and then part in mutual loathing, but what if they don’t? What if the simmering tensions erupt right at the climax of the job? I’ve been there, it’s not fun. It’s better to deal with it sooner than have it bite you in the hoop later.**

**Second, get to the root of the confict. Two people fghting over who took the last yogurt from your bolt hole’s crappy fridge is not actually a fght about yogurt. Some sort of tensions are surfacing, and you’d better fnd out what. That doesn’t mean you should start guessing what the real problem is. Get people to calm down, slow down, and talk, and you’ll often fnd out what’s really going on.**

**This is especially true if you focus on people providing their own solutions instead of forcing one on them. Get suggestions and perspectives from all sides of a confict and see where the middle ground is. Act as a messenger helping build communication between each side rather than an autocrat forcing them to resolve their fght according to your whims.**

- **If two people are fighting, I sometimes like to ask them what they think the other person should do. They’ll usually start with something pretty outlandish that basically involves the other person totally capitulating to everything they want. Then I’ll ask, “Do you think they’ll do that?” As long as this isn’t their first run together, they’ll understand that what they’re asking is completely out of character for the other person, so they’ll slow down and become more reasonable. That’s when you start to get into good negotiation territory.**
