---
id: SSt-0042
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Shade'
page: 42
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Shade**

**One of the reasons it’s so important to gain as much information as possible from Mr. Johnson before you negotiate terms and payment is because you’re stuck with them once you’ve agreed to them. If the job turns out to be more diffcult than you expected it to be, that’s on you. Negotiating after the fact is one of the quickest ways to ruin your reputation, and in some cases convince your Johnson to have you and your team eliminated. This business depends upon a very tenuous level of trust, and demanding more pay for nearly any reason is a breach of that trust. If your employer can’t trust you to hold to the terms of your arrangement, then it stands to reason that they also can’t trust you to remain discreet. If you come to realize that Mr. Johnson lied to you about key aspects of the situation, you may have some room to renegotiate—but even then, you’re probably going to be best off taking your lumps, fnishing the job as best you can, and deciding never to work with them again than you would be trying to renegotiate with someone who has already proven to be untrustworthy. Threatening, extorting, or blackmailing your Mr. Johnson will only bring you even more trouble. It’s a bad situation to be in, but it happens. When it happens, it’s time to cut your losses and minimize the diffculty and damage rather than at-**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**tempting to increase your pay. This doesn’t occur often, but it does happen. Sometimes, Mr. Johnson does it in order to downplay the diffculties so that they can negotiate a smaller fee, but other times it happens because the Johnson isn’t actually interested in having the job done for its own sake and is instead hiring your team as a means to create a distraction or misdirection. If your reconnaissance and legwork reveals this to be the case, you have three clear options: do the job anyway, walk away, or confront Mr. Johnson. The most professional teams will go with either the frst or second option.**
