---
id: SSt-0121
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Desert Environments
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Desert Environments**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Learn from the people who live in these environments: Clothing should be loose but should cover you. Exposed fesh can burn and cause a whole host of problems. Even if you have excellent sunblock, it can’t compare to the power of fabric. Remember that in an equatorial desert like the Sahara, you are in for ten to thirteen hours of sunshine per day, and shade options are often few and far between.**

**Also remember that the dry air means temperatures can vary greatly from night to day. A thirteen-degree swing from the nighttime low to the daytime high is common. In warmer months, that could mean a comfortable night becomes a scorching-hot day; in cooler months, bearable or even pleasant daytime highs can become the type of cold that you should put some preparation into.**

**If you’re in the warmer months and decide you should do most of your moving at night, remember that a lot of the local fauna fgured out that tactic a long, long time ago. Which creatures these are will vary by location, but chances are some predators and scavengers will be out. Don’t become their next meal.**

**On the plus side, animals can be great guides in the desert. If you can keep from spooking them, you might be able to follow them to water or food sources. They know the territory, so take advantage of them.**

**To slightly reiterate what I said earlier, the best water-gathering strategy is to avoid shedding it in the frst place. Don’t do much when the sun is blazing, and avoid unnecessary movement or work.**

- **Remember that while deserts are sparsely populated, they still hold more people than, say, Antarctica. Keep yourself aware of your surroundings, watch for signs of life, and you might have a chance to find people who could help if things get bad.**

- **Hard Exit**

**Let’s talk for a moment about mirages. A mirage makes you see something that looks like water where there is no water, and many a traveler has wandered fruitlessly trying to fnd water that doesn’t exist. The simple thing to remember is that it’s the desert—if you think you see a large supply**
