---
id: SSt-0063
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Plus-One
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Plus-One**

**You’ve learned that preparedness and adaptability are absolutely crucial to an extraction. Feasibly, they can be applied to all missions in the shadows, but they stand out for extractions because there’s always one wild card that’s in every mission: the target.**

**In Operation Copper Condor, our scientist was in on the extraction and was very amenable to what we needed him to do. That was good, but it’s rarely the case. In Operation Seven Crowns, our engineer was the exact opposite. He was our biggest hindrance, and the operation was almost a failure solely because of him.**

**The thing is, you can’t count on an extraction being helpful even if it is a willing one. They weren’t there for your planning, they don’t have the skills, camaraderie, and attunement that the team has. They are always the odd person out, unpredictable, untrained, and oftentimes damn near suicidal. In fact, it might be easier to treat them more like toddlers. Just pretend that no matter what, they don’t know anything and they will try to fnd ways to hurt you and the operation.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**That’s why the frst two steps are crucial to any extraction. You must prepare as much as possible, because that breathing payday is going to try like hell to drek all over it. And when they do drek all over it—and they will—you have to adapt to see it through.**

**So, what then happens when even the** _**plus-one**_ **is an unknown? Sure, kidnappings are often quite clear: the target doesn’t want to go. But extractions can go either way, even if your Mr. Johnson says they want out. Perhaps they get cold feet or decide that the corp they’re working for now might not be as bad as the other one they’re going to. That big plunge into the unknown is a scary place, especially for your day-to-day wageslave.**

**Not all extractions are corp-related. Some are criminal syndicates, like extracting a drug lord’s son from a hostile situation. Or rescuing a kidnapped senator’s daughter and then exfltrating out of a block, city, or hell, even a nation.**

**These plus-ones are always wild cards. Do they even know they’re in danger? Are they suffering from Stockholm syndrome? Have they been so doped up or glitched out on BTLs they can’t even cope in reality anymore? You’re hired to bring them back, but what if there’s nothing upstairs worth bringing back?**

**More to the point, what if going in, you don’t even know if they’re part of the situation or actually kidnapped? That’s what happened our last op, and I’d like to share it with you. So here’s the fnal lesson—how to deal with the** _**plus-one**_ **.**
