---
id: SSt-0141
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Do: Learn How to Read Relationships'
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Do: Learn How to Read Relationships**

**Forcing someone to like you is not possible. Tricking someone into liking you is a bad idea. If**

**your intentions in any relationship is along those lines, then you either are working a con job, in which case continue, or you just need to stop.**

**If you’re going to develop a relationship organically, you need to learn how to read the other person and see what works for them. Look at when they reply—how long it takes them to get a message back to you—but especially look at how they reply. A message engaging with whatever it was that you said that comes fve days later is still better than a quick message saying “k” that comes within an hour for what you said. People reply on their own schedules, but as long as they show positive willingness to engage, you have something to build on. If you pay attention to what they write and say, you should be able to get a hang of their likes and dislikes, so you can make your communication more enjoyable.**

**Remember that ghosting you could be a sign that they’re not interested in communicating with you, but it also could be illness, depression, or other factors. Reaching out with a gentle nudge is okay. But if the silence continues after a few attempts, gracefully take the hint and back away.**

**And if they tell you you’re messaging or calling too much, or they tell you something you’re doing is making them uncomfortable? Knock that drek off. Your rep will not beneft at all if you become an intrusive jerk.**

- **On the other side, pay some attention if someone is really eager to contact you. This means they want something from you. It could be a good thing, like friendship or even romance, but you need to watch to make sure you don’t end up seeming to promise them more than you are ready to give. They also might be looking to work a hustle or some other kind of ask, so brace yourself.**

- **> Sunshine**
