---
id: SSt-0244
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: What do you do for school?
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What do you do for school?**

**The debate between private and public school can get intense among non-shadowrunners, and that carries over to us. This is one area where my twin principles of money and a SIN make a huge difference. If you have those two things, go private. If you are lacking in either department, go public. Here’s why.**

**Public schools often have a lot of anonymity built in. If you live in a heavily populated area, they may be quite large and underfunded, which**



**means everyone involved is often doing whatever they can just to get by. A kid who keeps their head down and doesn’t make waves can skate through unnoticed for their entire time in the school. Do the parents not show up for parent-teacher conferences? That’s par for the course, so the teacher will barely pay attention. The child can go with the fow, learn a few things, and graduate, with no one ever taking the time to even think about what their parents do for a living.**

**So why isn’t this the preferred option? Because this lack of monitoring can be a double-edged sword. At a public school, there are entire student subcultures the administration knows nothing about, and if your child gets caught up in them, they could get pulled in all sorts of directions. I don’t want to be one of those alarmist parents all nervous about what kids these days are up to, but we’ve all been young before, and we know that sometimes kids goad each other to do stupid things. They’re usually pretty minor—vandalism, shoplifting, maybe drug use—but they can be enough to get the attention of school disciplinarians or law enforcement. Once that happens, the parents are going to get a call, and suddenly you’ve become the thing you didn’t want to be: noticed.**

- **Let’s not forget the way discipline works at a lot of public schools. Many administrators have taken a zero-tolerance approach, meaning they call the police in for a wide variety of violations. The police know only one way to deal with violations, and that’s through incarceration, even if you’re a minor. Increased police involvement in schools leads to increased detention of kids, which often turns to prison time once the child is recognized as an adult in their jurisdiction. This is what a public school student might have to deal with.**

- **Old Crow**

**Private schools don’t give you the chance to slip under the radar. Administrators will make a point of meeting you and your child before admission— the more elite the school is, the more intensive this process will be. If you want to get through this process with a school of any sort of decent reputation, you’d better have a good SIN. They won’t just look at an ARO displaying your SIN and then move along. They will run it through multiple databases and algorithms looking for red fags. So it very much needs to not suck, and you can’t have questionable activities associated with it.**

**If you get into the school it will cost money. Thousands of nuyen of money. It’s a lot. What do you get for your money besides a nice education? You get privacy! Once you’re in the club, you’re** _**in**_ **, treated like one of the legitimate people of the world. The administrators will actively protect the privacy of child, which by extension protects your privacy.**

**The thing is, every school at some time or another has a parent involved in some sort of crim-**

**inal activity. Public schools don’t care much, as people don’t get on their case when it happens. It doesn’t refect poorly on the school, because if your mission is to take all comers, it’s assumed you’re going to get some shadier types. In a private school, it’s different. Remember how I said they vet parents in advance? A parental crime scandal refects poorly on the school. They don’t want that, because their reputation is part of how they keep convincing parents to shell out thousands of nuyen a year. They protect that reputation like lionesses.**

**That means any time the cops, lawyers, the press, or anyone comes by the school asking questions, the staff tends to be well-versed in shutting them down. It’s all in the name of protecting the child, of course, but they absolutely will not give out a home address or contact information. Generally, they’ll offer to act as a go-between, and that’s it.**

**This is all to say that if you want a school that stands as a frewall between your life and the rest of the world, private school is the way to go. Also, your kid will probably get a good education.**
