---
id: SSt-0153
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Fixing a Reputation
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Fixing a Reputation**

**We all know hackers. We should know mages. The ability we have to alter reality, or at least alter how it is perceived and remembered, is considerable. I’m here to tell you not to use it.**

**The temptation is obvious. Whenever something goes wrong, you wish it just … wasn’t. That it could go away, and everything could be made as it was before the wrong thing happened.**

**I’m here to tell you to resist that temptation. Shortcuts don’t work. Problems can only be covered up to so many people for so long, and once it fails and information comes out, it can make everything much worse than it would have been. Rather than pretend nothing is wrong, accept it and fx it. It will take a long time. Use all the dos and don’ts I mentioned to rebuild your rep. Doing it authentically is the only real way to get it done. Everything else is just smoke and mirrors, and by this point we should all have seen that the world does not run well on those.**

**==> picture [227 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [33 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [227 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [227 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [227 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> <br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [267 x 217] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 217] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [456 x 132] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
LEGAL<br>ENTANGLEMENTS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**fnd ways to turn cops to their advantage, and this f** i **l** e w **ill t** e **ll** you **h** ow.

**> Shadowrunners have a love/hate relationship with the law. On** one **h** an **d** , we owe our **li** ve **lih** oo **d** s **t** o **th** e **l** ega **l** sys **t** ems o **f th** e places where we work; people hire us to do illegal things so that they don’t have to risk ending up in cuffs. On the other, we get stuck with the hassle of dealing with people who don’t like what we do and are usually armed. This part of the download is a guide to how to handle those situations. **>** Glitch

A quick side note to start: You all know that cops can make useful contacts, and some of you probably already have acquaintances in law enforcement. This fi le isn’t about that. Since that already got covered earlier in this download, I won’t repeat it here.
