---
id: SSt-0069
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Conclusion
page: 77
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Conclusion**

**Hopefully, those fnding themselves in the shadows for the frst time as well as those who have been in the biz for a while can fnd something useful in this old trog’s experiences. If you stick to the**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**layout of Prepare, Adapt, and the Plus-One, you and your team will walk out in one piece.**

**I want to add one fnal bit of advice on the plus-one. If they’re too much trouble, especially a supposed willing extraction, leave the slag. Seriously. Yes, your op and your credibility might be at stake, but you can rebuild rep. Your crew can’t rebuild you if there’s a smoking crater in your chest because the plus-one was just too stupid. If the option to sedate and carry is there and you can afford to take it, do so. The plus-one is just too damn unpredictable. They don’t have the training, planning, or composure that shadowrunners carry. We all know Fight or Flight is a real thing—we’ve been there. But we know how to control it. The plus-one has no such experience and will choose the wrong path damn near one hundred percent of the time. If there is a way to remove that from the equation, I highly recommend taking it. Sedate them, shove them in a box, and have the drone carry it. Something, anything. It’s better to have a salty client than a dead runner.**

**As for me and the Brethren … we have to lie low. That last op brought a great deal of heat on our heads. You’ll hear about it one day—JackPoint’s good for getting the deets. God, I hate politics.**

**Stay safe, chummers, and stay legendary.**

- **It lines up. All of it.**

- **Fructose**

- **What does?**

- **Hangfire**

- **The plus-one. It has to be Edmund Jeffries. Has to.**

- **Fructose**

- **The Seattle Press Secretary who stole like fifty million nuyen from a worker retirement fund and disappeared in 2075?**

- **> Sunshine**

- **The very same. Bugger was also responsible for the Copycat Mayan Cutter killer—at least, one of them—and was instrumental in the Operation Daybreak plan to destroy Project Freedom and the entire Ork Underground with a campaign of murder and violence.**

- **> Fructose**

- **Right. It led to Governor Brackhaven suddenly stepping down and there being a Special Election in 2079 that put Corrine Potter in office.**

- **Hangfire**

**> Correct. DA Dana Oaks finally got her hands on hard evidence needed to make a grand jury indictment stick. I’m an ork. I have family who suffered from Operation Daybreak. This is personal, and I’ve been following it all closely. Apparently, a team of shadowrunners was responsible for finding the “ultimate informant” that made it all possible. It’s also well-known that Brackhaven fled to the Caribbean League. I’m positive Serapion’s Johnson was Oaks.**

- **Fructose**

- **Well, if a DA was Serapion’s Johnson, why are the Brethren in hiding for so long?**

- **Flatline**

- **The Finnigan Mob Family, for one. Not to mention the Humanis Policlub and Chimera. Then there’s the UCAS government. Corruption happens all the time, but when one is outed in such a high-profile way, they want to make those who made it possible pay. DA Oaks might be untouchable for the moment, but the Brethren are not.**

- **Fructose**

- **This actually tracks. Interesting if it’s all true.**

- **0rkCE0**

- **Wait a tick, I thought Emile Corrigan was the “ultimate informant?”**

- **Bellicose**

- **And the rabbit hole deepens!**

- **The Smiling Bandit**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
WHEELED<br>POWER<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**away that might give them a chance to take me d** own. **W** e **ll** , goo **d l** uc **k** w **ith th** a **t** . **I l** oo **k f** orwar **d t** o looting your corpses.
