---
id: SSt-0177
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "Jail: The Wrong Kind of \u201CRunner Bars\u201D - Posted by: Butternut"
page: 129
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Jail: The Wrong Kind of “Runner Bars”**

## **Posted by: Butternut**

- **Most of the time, being a “successful” runner means avoiding the inside of a cell, which makes it a little hard to find anyone on this VPN who can tell us what it’s like on the inside. Besides, I felt like bringing some new blood in. Butternut, a promising street sam and a friend of Billy’s—sorry, Tauren’s—will explain why.**

- **Bull**

- **How the hell did he get the name “Butternut”?**

- **Sunshine**

**Hoi, chummers. Bull tapped me to tell y’all about life in the can. I’ve been in and out of there a few times, sometimes for being an ork, sometimes for actually breaking the law. Seems to me that a lot of runners I meet were either too smart or too lucky to be nabbed by the cops, but I ain’t either of those things. This fle’s for the people like me.**

**I’m gonna skip all the bulldrek and start after you get arrested, because that’s when it really starts to suck. The frst thing they’ll do is strip-search you for weapons, shut off any obvious chrome, and ft you with a headjammer in case you’ve got an implanted ’link or deck. Wizards, adepts, and technos**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**get held somewhere else—I dunno where. I’m just a razorboy.**

- **Magicians get fitted with magecuffs and magemasks so we can’t see or hear anything, and we get an electrical shock if we try to channel mana. They don’t usually wash the masks, either.**

- **Old Crow**

- **Adepts tend to get shut away in a small room with minimal contact with other metahumans so we can’t speak with anyone. I suppose they think all adepts are social adepts, which is a wise precaution, if a little annoying.**

- **Thorn**

- **For technomancers, it’s magemasks retrofitted with Fresnel fabric or a room with wireless-blocking paint. They’ve also started realizing that most jail cells being some kind of metal enclosure makes them easy to turn into Faraday cages.**

- **Netcat**

**They’ll keep you in the closest jail for a couple days while they fnd you a lawyer and a suit that kinda fts, then put you in front of a judge and tell you what you’re getting charged with. I don’t know what the rush is when you’re probably going to spend the next six months to three years in waiting for the trial, but they really seem to care about getting you into a courtroom fast.**

- **In states that inherited American laws, it’s because of the due process clauses they often have the their constitutions. If they don’t charge you within seventy-two hours, they have to release you, which means they have to spend time and money finding you again.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

- **Extraterritorial corps tend to not have such clauses, or they give themselves more time. Which means this is your reminder that if it’s at all possible, try to get arrested on non-corporate ground. Your rights might not be great and they might not be respected, but they’ll still be better than what the corps give you.**

- **Pistons**

**Jail starts a lot earlier than you’d think it would. Cops and courts have this thing they call “pre-trial detention,” which is where you go while you’re waiting for your court date and during your trial if you can’t make bail (or if they don’t offer you bail, which happens a lot, or if you’re an idiot and do something that gets your bail revoked).**

**Pre-trial is basically the same as being in jail after you get sentenced, except it lasts “until the trial is over.” In a lot of places, this means sitting in jail for months or years without ever getting a trial, let alone a sentence. I’ve seen guys who lost their case and were given fve years be released the same day because of time served while they were waiting to go to court.**

**> There are also times where cases get pushed down the docket repeatedly due to mysterious “unavoidable delays,” especially when the prosecution wants something from the defendant (like flipping on their accomplices) and the accommodations are particularly harsh.**

**> DangerSensei**
