---
id: SSt-0058
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: December 1, 2058
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **December 1, 2058**

**We met Mr. Johnson at a Stuffer Shack three blocks east of the Renraku Arcology, off Jackson and Maynard. In the distance, the glass pyramid radiated its dominance to every unfortunate soul under its all-seeing eye. I remember keenly staring at the edifce that dominated Alaskan Way like a god that we insects must venerate. In my youth, I hated it for what it represented: control.**

**Our Mr. Johnson’s gig? To pull a scientist from the fragging arcology! He dropped monowire-thin deets, then slipped a delivery time—December 9 at 0010 hours, the rendezvous point subject to change based on how much heat the team pulled.**

**The info was slimmer than the caffeine in a cup of soykaf. But I was new, the cred was stacked, and as I just stated, I had a particular disdain for the arcology. Pull this off, and not only would I be in good with the crew, but I’d also have enough scratch to pay for a real control rig and some wiz drones. Luckily, the team saw it just like I did, and we signed up. So that gave us eight days—eight days to gather as much juice as we could, infltrate the arcology, liberate our scientist, and gift-wrap him for some new corp as an early Christmas gift.**

**> Didn’t the arcology pop around this time? I smell a tall tale here. > Caine**

**> Look at the timestamp, chum. Lockdown took place exactly one year after his run.**

**> Cosmo**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Our decker, Cy-4, dove deep into the Matrix looking for anything she could cook up that could give us a single iota of a chance in hell against this goliath of a mission. She found one morsel, a contractor position for cleaning the windows on the exterior of the arcology. Yet to be flled, and a job with a high fatality rate.**

**Now, the arcology at the time was not something some fresh-behind-the-horns troll can just tackle. We needed an airtight plan—like, hyperbaric-chamber tight.**

**And yet, there was this little idea rolling around in that troll nugget I call a brain. Problem was, it involved the whole team going in without a single weapon on them. The only thing they had was my trusty Condor. Stupid, right? Who’d listen to this green-in-the-warts trog with a half-baked plan? Well, turns out the street samurai, an old saltlick of a human named Fritz, did. Maybe he saw the spark bouncing about in my hazel eyes. Maybe he was just suicidal. Who knows? Either way, I gave my pitch, he vouched for me, and they agreed. We put my plan in motion.**

**Cy-4 created a shell janitorial service with over a year of credentials, testimonials, and reviews. She attached a legit SIN that she’d been saving for a rainy day, then sent off our application. The stars aligned—we got the gig, and they wanted us to begin on the evening of the ffth.**

**Best part: the arcology itself supplied the window layouts, tie-offs for scaffolding, security sensor suite locations, and generic foor plans. First part of the legwork was handed to us by a sweat that was so paranoid she was going to lose her job, she all but did our work for us.**

**Next stage in prep was the Big Lie. We had to make our “employer” believe we were the real deal; to do that, we had to sell the package. So, with the small scratch we had, Fritz rounded us up a Superkombi minivan, and our burnedout mage, Vanite, got us some secondhand janitorial coveralls and caps. She managed to get enough for the whole crew plus one, and a bevy of cleaning supplies and agents. We added the standard utility-decorative copperplate fnish on the drone, and it was done. We didn’t just look the part—we** _**were**_ **the part. That only left scouting the target.**

- **Superkombi! Ah man, that takes me back. That minivan was a rigger’s paradise.**

- **Flatline**

**We needed to get eyes on our scientist. Yes, we had schematics that gave us the layout of where the labs were in the arcology, but we needed to know our scientist’s movements, his schedule. To do that, we needed to get inside the arcology, so using our credentials, Cy-4 and my Condor went for a little sightseeing.**

**Now you might be thinking, “Wait, isn’t an Aerodesign Systems Condor Series LDSD-23 a mini-blimp?”**

**Yes. Yes, it is.**

**“And isn’t it, well, large for a drone?” Also, yes.**

**“Then how in the hell is it effective in an extraction?”**

**Short answer—they’re used in everything, and they’re everywhere.**

**Long answer—we modifed it. Specifcally, we removed the solar suncell tech and then connected a smaller short-life battery and storage bay for cleaning agents. Any rigger worth their salt can handle small tech like this. You’ll see where this is going soon.**

**“But I get it,” you say, “what’s the lesson on the extraction—we’re all capable of legwork here, right?**

**Well, chummers, that’s a major part of it, and lesson number one—preparedness. You see, any slitch with a bit of chrome can kick in a door, spit lead into some wageslaves, and gank their prize. Of course, this leaves a river of blood, burnt ozone, and brass all over the foor. They also leave a digital footprint a kilometer wide. Let’s face it, chummers, being SINless ain’t as easy as it was in the olden days. They don’t need a System Identifcation Number to fnd us anymore. Camera recordings, DNA sniffer drones—hell, even manifested tracker spirits if you’re dealing with a corp that’s drekdeep in magic … they’ve got all that, and that’s the obvious stuff. Cryptoforensics has come so far that a simple data sweep over a crime scene can bring up fngerprints, footprints, tire tracks, body fuids, hairs, clothing fbers, and other detritus. Did you spend the day before at Puget Sound setting up your getaway? Guess what, chum, they can pull that seaside spray from a fber of your clothing and the algae off your footprint. Now, your safehouse is compromised because Samurai Jane didn’t swap kicks before an infltration.**

- **Meta spitting wisdom here chummers. Cryptoforensics are no joke. You frag in AAA playgrounds and leave a trace, they will come for you.**

- **Hangfire**

- **I’d still rather strap and blast corp meat then wash windows for three days.**

- **Goombah**

- **For your squad’s sake, let’s hope you’re not the tactician.**

- **Hangfire**

**The key in the prep for a well-done,** _**willing**_ **extraction is to have it happen so fast, and so crystal, that there’s simply nothing obvious to trace. You need to tie them up in the minutia so that by the**



**time they fgure out who hit them, your op is done and you’re safely tucked away, bleeding off any heat you might have built up.**

**Back to the task at hand: scouting. Cy-4 and my little Condor began their day one infl, with our point of contact in the arcology as contractors. After running Cy-4’s SIN and getting her an access chip, they logged her datajack and other little bits of legal chrome, then performed a thorough check of my Condor. Suffce it to say, because it hadn’t seen extensive mods, she was in and getting the corporate tour. We didn’t need to dip into any secret areas; we just needed to know the layout and put eyes on the scientist.**

**I recorded everything: access vents, maglock doors, pressure plating, even the locations of the bathrooms. I externally routed the recording system through my own datajack so the rest of the crew could watch what I was doing in real time and offer points of interest. Even as big as the arcology was, it didn’t take long to put eyes on our scientist. And that was when we began to observe his daily routine.**

**Our contractor infl also served a secondary but very important purpose: blending with the environment. A lot of people think too literal when it comes to camoufage, like patterned or dark clothing, hacking cameras, erasing footage, that sort of thing. While all of this is true, it still comes down to one key element—blending. As sapient beings, we have a tendency to see connections in everything. So if someone sees a new janitor service the night a hit goes down, they could well connect the dots. However, seeing that same crew for a couple days in a row actually doing the job creates visual repetition. We don’t notice them as much, and their appearance becomes background noise (to mix a metaphor).**

**Everyone knows contracted sanitation services exist, right? Almost every major corporation uses contractor services for this very thing. Sanitation, catering, equipment repair—all contracted. Very few megacorps bother to have their own in-house divisions for these simple areas. So, you see a janitor—do you engage? The average person does not, other than a cursory head nod, perhaps a thank you. They’re too busy in corpo-land to do anything more. So, seeing the new crew cleaning repeatedly for days, and seeing their handler on the inside along with her service drone, is repetition that leads to blending, which leads to comfort zones. That is to say, we’ve essentially become invisible in broad daylight. Now, you’re just a part of the scenery, which means you can get things onsite like vehicles or drones that wouldn’t normally be possible without hard physical penetration. You’ve saved your team—and your plus-one—a lot of time and pain. Almost no one looks at any kind of sanitation worker, and that includes deckers and system riggers.**

**==> picture [235 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [235 x 246] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [235 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [235 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**For the next three days, we did our job: cleaning windows. Cy-4 went inside casually scouting while directing us as a true window-cleaning crew. My Condor carried our supplies around so it became as commonplace as the other contractor drones. By day two, no one paid any more attention to the human woman in green coveralls or her copperplated blimp.**

**We became the ferns of the corporate offces. We were the same bland background as their tan-colored walls. And on the night of the ninth, we did the deed.**

**Up to this point, you might’ve been wondering why we risked our decker as we had. It goes back to that blending thing I mentioned earlier. Tracing our scientist’s habits, we were able to deduce that he went to the bathroom in the same restroom and used the same stall around the same time every single evening. He was a thin, slight, androgynous man, fairly plain without a milligram of facial hair. Fritz was too old and had a bit too much chrome. Vanite was an ork. And well, I’m two and a half meters tall, so none of us were going to cut it as a body double.**

**Cy-4 was the obvious choice. So, prior to our scientist’s usual physical purging, the now-commonplace Condor drifted to his preferred place of porcelain offering. The cleaning supplies, including spare coveralls and cap that had become standard fare for the last week, were there on the drone. Cy-4 pulled the coveralls and dipped inside the men’s room, waiting for our scientist in his stall. As soon as he entered, I blocked the restroom with the drone and faced it to the side that said “Cleaning in progress.” No one bothered Cy-4 or our target. Since he already knew he was going to be receiving a new home, the surprise of having a woman in the toilet waiting for him quickly evaporated. He dressed in our window-cleaning threads, and with the drone, I directed him straight to where our team was busy cleaning.**

**The most dangerous part of the run happened when we had to contact the system rigger to disconnect the sensors on the window so we could clean it. But again—repetition. We’d been doing this now for several nights. Without so much as giving it a second thought, they blinded themselves to our activities for two minutes.**

**The cleaning crew removed the pane of glass, ex-flled our scientist who looked like Cy-4, and replaced the window. The entire time, my Condor blocked the viewable cameras with its size. Our men took their fve-minute approved lunch break, lowered the scaffolding, and escorted our scientist to our awaiting Superkombi. I repositioned the Condor back at the restroom and Cy-4 re-emerged.**

**We worked the remainder of the evening. At the end of the shift, Cy-4 politely terminated our contract with the arcology, stating she didn’t have enough personnel to perform the job effectively**

**long-term. No one looked for our scientist until the next day. By the time the dots were connected, our window-cleaning service no longer existed, and the Condor’s copperplating was removed. Cy-4 burned her SIN, and we were once again one with the shadows.**

**==> picture [73 x 21] intentionally omitted \<==**
