---
id: SSt-0249
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: You Could Save Money
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **You Could Save Money**

**As I just discussed, street doc quality can be highly erratic, and their access to state-of-the-art gear is limited, to be generous. This means that even if they’re on the high end of the quality scale, they can’t charge corp prices—if their patients could pay corp prices, they would, for the assurance of a certain standard of care. Except for the rare cases of a doctor who has managed to set themselves up as an off-the-grid, sought-after specialist, a street doc will cost you less than a corporate one.**

- **Another reason is that street docs don’t have the same overhead as legit docs. One big difference is malpractice insurance—since they aren’t licensed, street docs can’t be insured. That’s a major savings and relief of a major headache, since they also can’t be sued for malpractice (they can, of course, be arrested for practicing without a license, but that’s not something insurance**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**ics? Ads with fve different alternatives will foat in front of you. And it goes deeper than that. Diabetics will have the food ads shown to them changed. Pregnant people will see a wealth of diaper ads and promos for music kids like. And so on.**

**can help with). This also means that street docs are very much a caveat emptor situation—if they do a botch job, you have no legal recourse.**

**> Butch**

**Most street docs won’t do this (unless they’ve found a way to sell out to a corp). They’re isolated, and any data they gather usually stays within the walls of their clinic. Their Matrix security isn’t always great, but since they don’t stand out, few people know to look at them for any useful data. Which means your medical data will likely stay isolated.**
