---
id: SSt-0112
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Tools of the Trade
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Tools of the Trade**

**I hope the importance of understanding what’s really happening during a run is now clear. With the “why” out of the way, let’s conclude by discussing the “how.”**

**When Bull approached me for this write-up, he wanted me to give you practical tips on how to fll the gaps. He thought I would be able to bestow upon the reader some new tricks. But to be honest, there is no such thing. When it comes to legwork, runners’ options boil down the two options they’ve always had (or at least had since the ’50s): their contacts and the Matrix.**

- **That’s not completely true. There is still some knowledge that resides outside of the Matrix, especially in arcane matters and data predating cyberspace. For instance, remember the run in Park Falls? A public library I’ve been to has a few books mentioning this city and even hard copies of its local newspaper. Just to say that a few other sources of information, albeit oldfashioned ones, are out there.**

- **Winterhawk**

- **Don’t forget that the Matrix also includes social media, which is often a huge source of information. Most accounts need to be hacked, as no one is careless enough to have a public one, yet once in you can learn about the habits of a target, who their relatives and friends are, which concert or art events they are planning to attend, and so on. Of course, high-value individuals are far more cautious with this kind of thing, but usually you can glean data from the online profiles of people close to them in their life (like their secretary, siblings, spouses, and children).**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Even nowadays, social media usage leads to unwanted leaks. Just last week, a KE sergeant took a selfie with a street kid he just rescued from being beaten to death by gangsters on the South Side in Boston. The teen being a nice-looking human, the marketing department broadcast it, right and left, until someone realized, too late, that in the background was the squad room, with a holoprojector displaying the patrol rotation for the next three days.**

- **Dr. Spin**

- **Don’t forget the previous story: Following the news and knowing what was currently happening in the world led the runners to suspect they might be after Anya Spinrad.**

- **Sunshine**

- **The astral plane and metaplanes can also be sources of information, as cryptic as its denizens’ answers may be. More than once I was able to confirm some intel was likely to be true by reading someone’s aura or using psychometry or astral recon on a location tied to the run.**

- **Jimmy No**

**What’s really important is what to ask of those two sources of information (contacts and Matrix) and ensure that their responses can be trusted. If you hope to survive and thrive in this business, you need to double-check every bit of data.**

**Your Mr. Johnson implies he represents a competitor of S-K and his run is near Neu-Essen. Don’t take this at face value—confrm that he is not a known agent of some other corporation. He suggests that his client is Spinrad Global or that the op against S-K appears to be in favor of Spinrad? Check that, too. Verify that nobody else can also proft from this. Like, for instance, Aztechnology, which often discreetly helps out Spinrad Global in their shenanigans against S-K, because it boosts their own business in Europe.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 212] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 212] intentionally omitted \<==**

**We met near Marne-la-Vallée, just outside of the inner city’s limits. A significant detail, because this is the doorstep of the most major Horizon corporate enclave in the country (often nicknamed Horizon-la-Vallée).**

**> That’s a stretch. I mean, Occam’s razor, right? Most of the time, the one hiring you for this kind of stuff is a direct competitor. > Ecotope**

**> No, and just top of my head, here are a few alternatives: disgruntled employee wanting revenge, another S-K manager who covets a promotion going to the guy running the site, and of course, my favorite and a move often used by Saeder-Krupp (but not only): the security of the corp itself, hiring runners to check that the location’s protections are adequate. With the latter, your client is also your target. And those are just the first ones that came to mind.**

**Barely five feet tall, she was smiling and very charming, almost flirty, during the whole meet, like Horizon people can be. She also had the kind of perfect teeth you can see only on the trid.**

**The job was about investigating some terrorist threats (the New Islamic Jihad in this case). Keeping in mind that Horizon is more or less managing all aspects of tourism in the city, I assumed, like many in France’s shadows, that Sandrine was on the payroll of the Los Angeles AAA.**

**> Cosmo**

**Turns out she was the main fixer for Spinrad Global and reported directly to Miranda King. For years, she hired runners and set up jobs for her corp that most people in the shadows pinned on the back of Horizon.**

**Don’t stop just there: check and double-check the details, every little tidbit of info that Mr. Johnson may drop during a meet. Most of them are experts at controlling their emotions and what they say, but they also are specialists at misdirection and know how to imply things, rather than telling them out loud. Even something as mundane as a fller in a conversation, the piece of jewelry worn, an accent, or the tattoo innocently revealed may be there to either inform you or mislead you. However, in any case, both are enlightening and both can give you an important part of the puzzle.**

**It got so bad for the small AAA that Dawkins Group decided to snatch her in order to discover who she was really working for. They contacted and recruited me to set up a meeting with her so they could grab her in for questioning. SpinGlobal must have been tipped off, because she never took the bait and disappeared from the Paris scene at the same time.**

**> Kat o’ Nine Tales**

**Of course, most people in the shadows, even the worst wannabes, quickly learn to distrust their Mr. Johnson, but the advice only starts with them.**

**> A few years ago in Paris, I did a job for a Ms. Johnson, a very nice French woman of Portuguese ancestry called Sandrine.**



- **Double-crossing your runners in the ’50s was definitely a thing, and a lot of corporations were into it. But since then, they realized that it also leads to no (good) runners doing repeat work for them. So nowadays, corps resort less to double-crossing (unless the run unfolds in ways that force them to do so). So don’t jump too quickly to the conclusion that your client may be playing you. It’s not impossible, it’s just not as likely as you would imagine. Remember the story of the lone survivor of the Park Falls mission above. He should have looked into his employer rather than immediately assume he had betrayed his team.**

- **> Bull**

**You should distrust and double-check any kind of information you get during the run. Obviously, do not believe the Matrix data results, as those are curated and often redacted by our corporate overlords. Unless, of course, you can corroborate the info on several distinct sources, ideally coming from the shadows rather than another corpowned server.**

**Also, verify what your own contacts say to you . Yes, generally, you build an amount of trust with them and you expect them to be forthcoming with you, but bear in mind that the frst time they will tell you a lie is most likely when they will be betraying you to someone else.**

- **One of my connections among the Vory, Gregory, was my weapon supplier and real buddy. We had drinks together, discussed our messy lives. I even took him to my favorite strip club once. One day, he called to offer me some new, fancy gun he just got his hands on and he asked to meet. As he never did that before, I became suspicious. Turns out, Gregory had just sold me out to the Vory of another city, against whom I had just done a job! When the heat died down, I paid him a visit and put a 9mm slug into his head.**

- **Kia**

**And even if your contacts are not selling you off to the enemy (so to speak), they might not know the whole story or their intel might simply be wrong or partial.**

- **Or biased. For instance, I once looked into the murder of a low-level grunt in Düsseldorf. An ork living by dealing BTL and racketeering. At first glance, my connections swore the guy was killed off by the Yakuza (quite present in this part of the RhineRuhr Megaplex). They executed him because he was selling on their turf.**

**But when I canvassed the neighborhood where he was murdered, some eyewitnesses described to me what looked like a corporate strike team. Then, of course, because it’s near NeuEssen, Lofwyr’s main nest, my contacts were now claiming the dude must have pissed off S-K (spoiler, he did not).**

**The truth was far more mundane. His girlfriend got a bad batch of BTL and offed him. I found her hidden in Hauerbrache, a piece of forgotten land (by the corps) run by an ork militia called Norgoz Hez. I thought she could tell me more on the strike**

**team, but she started crying and came clean right away. Turns out my eyewitness misunderstood whom I was talking about and sent me off the rails.**

- **Goat Foot**

**In short, no information is to be trusted until it’s vetted by several sources. Your Vory friend tells you there is a war brewing between the Yakuza and the Mafa? Until your local and independent arms dealer and a couple of beat cops from KE and Lone Star give you the same story, take this intel with a big pinch of salt.**

- **As you may have figured out, Sim-Eon is a patient troll. He has no issue doing legwork for weeks before a mission. We don’t often get this luxury, though. But, if you have no time to verify information on a run, keep his advice in mind—always remember that what you have heard, may have been fed to you.**

- **The Smiling Bandit**

**You’re hired to steal industrial plans on a corporate factory. The little information you fnd about it on the Matrix says that the factory is owned by an Ares subsidiary, and they use Wolverine as their main security contractor. Ask your contact in Ares or Wolverine about it. Do some discreet surveillance and recon, preferably from afar. If you have time, tour the nearby watering holes and listen to what the locals say about the place.**

- **An Ares site is a compelling example, because, you know, bugs.**

- **Matt Wrath**

- **Bug spirits are far less common since all the mess in Detroit and it’s been months, actually years, since I’ve heard of a team running into them while infiltrating an Ares site. But still, your point is valid.**

- **Stone**

- **Hitting the bars and restaurants near a targeted site is an excellent idea. Don’t even talk to people, just sit there, enjoy your soykaf and food, and just listen to what they are saying.**

- **> Thorn**

- **Also an excellent way to be spotted by corporate security just before the run. Just saying.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **If you can’t lurk around the workers’ favorite bar unnoticed, how do you expect to perform close-in surveillance on the target site with dedicated security?**

- **Thorn**

**To summarize, trust no one, double-check everything and fll the fragging gaps, all of them, in Mr. Johnson’s story. It may be the only reason you’ll get the biggest score of your career—or at least survive the run.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [234 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [456 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
HOSTILE WORKING<br>ENVIRONMENTS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
