---
id: SSt-0110
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Run
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Run**

**For this last story, we’ll go back again to 2079, around June. NeoNET just took the blame for all the CFD crisis and Johnny Spinrad is negotiating behind closed doors with Richard Villiers to borrow his golden ticket so that Spinrad Global can, at last, become an AAA. This will happen in a few months. And then some. However, this was not**



**Johnny’s only scheme at the moment. He wanted - his daughter, Anya, back, regardless of how diff cult this was going to be.**

- **“Last time on Anya Spinrad’s life”: For those of you who don’t know, Anya is Johnny’s and Claudia Romanov’s kid, a byproduct of their affair, which broke his engagement to then-Princess Caroline (now Queen Caroline and since then happily married to Princess Michelle). Since Anya’s birth, Johnny has tried to get custody of his daughter, out of pride rather than parental duties. So Anya has been hidden away, in secret, in some super-rich child boarding school, protected by Saeder-Krupp’s best and brightest agents, under the close supervision of her mom.**

- **> Sunshine**

**He trusted his loyal exec, Miranda King, to extract Anya. She hired a small group of prime runners for a long undercover mission.**

- **Poor kid, she feels like a ball in a soccer game played by both her parents. After this kidnapping, her mom tried to snag her again, and failed, in Barcelona, just before her dad got killed.**

- **> Old Crow**

- **Don’t be fooled—Anya Spinrad is not an innocent little girl. She did not waste any tears when her father died, and I’m pretty sure she has become an asset of Saeder-Krupp inside Spinrad Global. This is the true reason the last attempt to extract her failed. Mommy is certainly proud of her, since S-K Prime now has an agent very close to Gabriel Spinrad.**

- **Skarn-Ka**

**The run was rather unusual and looked more like a long con than extraction at frst. The team had to somehow get hired as teachers in a boarding school in the south of Germany. Why? They were not told. They did not even know who they were working for. Miranda often dealt with them directly but always through a secure commlink, and they used some fancy technology to mask her voice.**

- **At some point, later on during the job, the team decided to figure out who their client was. As they were in France, near one of Marianne’s secret facilities (a neuron, as they called them), they took quite a big risk. They snuck into the datacenter, hacked the system, and re-tasked its massive resources to crack the encryption algorithm used to hide Miranda’s voice. It took only a few minutes and a scary trip through the neuron’s Foundation, but it worked. Bold move.**

- **Glitch**

**And bear in mind, they had no idea that Anya Spinrad was attending this boarding school. In fact, she was not in the establishment roster. She was registered there under the name Milica Radic, the eleven-year-old daughter of an unknown but rich Serbian.**

**As I said, they were prime runners, so they did their homework, and they quickly guessed that they were planted there most likely to kidnap one (or more) of the children. But they also considered that they could be there to snatch a teacher or simply provide extra security on the site for someone, students or staff, targeted by an extraction. In short, they made no assumption about the job’s real purpose.**

**They had two months to get hired by the school, so the frst step of the mission was to build bulletproof fake SINs. While doing so, they discreetly investigated everyone, starting with the children without neglecting the personnel. With their new identities ready, they applied to fll up a few open positions. Which meant they had to falsify the required credentials, but they also knew enough about the job to pass the interview. Of course, they also had to get rid of the competition, one way or another.**

- **Sim is not implying that they eliminated anyone. That would have attracted way too much attention. They had to be creative to make their competitor perform badly during their tests or interview and feel inadequate for the position they were applying to.**

- **Fianchetto**

**After a month embedded into the school, it seemed that no one in the staff would be worth such an operation, whether for an extraction, wetwork, or being leveraged through blackmail. There were, however, several potential clients among the children. One of them was Giovanna Gnassingbe, the daughter of the famous soccer player of the Bayern Munich team. Unbeknownst to them yet, Giovanna’s shy best friend and roommate, Milica, was in fact Anya Spinrad in disguise. Nevertheless, the runners were following the news in Europe, so even then, they had not excluded the possibility that the mission could involve Spinrad someway.**

- **That’s an important tip, right there: Pay attention to what’s happening beyond the scope of your run. Even if you can’t see the connection yet, at some point during the job, you may, and this might very well save your life.**

- **0rkCE0**

**After two months playing teachers, the runners had no instructions from their employer, beyond keeping up their cover. They were paid on a regular basis, as agreed, but they continued to receive no word on what the actual job was going to be about. Around the same time, Giovanna got in trouble. She snuck out of the boarding school with some friends, including Milica, and headed to a boat party in a nearby town’s lake.**

**Our runners were, of course, monitoring the campus, and they spotted them leaving the premises. Carefully, they decided to keep an eye on the sit-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**uation from afar, on the off chance something went wrong. Turns out, it was an excellent idea, because on top of some seedy people (including a drug dealer and local mobster) attending the boat party, a student of Munich’s University roofed Giovanna’s drink with laésa in order to “have some fun” with her. Without the runners discreetly intervening, you can guess what would have happened.**

**When their mysterious employer contacted them again, after almost three months of radio silence, they provided a list of several students, including Giovanna and Milica, to the runners and tasked them to obtain DNA material for each. The team was not that surprised. Without any comment to their client, they did as was requested. They discreetly stole a few hairs from the teenagers’ room and delivered it using the dead drop agreed upon. Smartly, instead of taking this as a confrmation that Giovanna was the target, the runners decided to look into Milica.**

- **People generally assume that DNA material is wanted for magical purposes, but honestly it’s rarely adequate for rituals. I suspect that, in this case (spoiler), it was to ascertain which of the girls was indeed Anya.**

- **Winterhawk**

- **You would know.**

- **Fianchetto**

**Fast forward a few more weeks, it’s now early December. Johnny got what he wanted all his life, his corporation is at last a member of the Top Ten. In the meantime, back at the school, the runners discover that Giovanna and Milica will be leaving the premises for an excursion. For security reasons, the destination was kept secret and it’s revealed only a day before to both the personnel and the students.**

**In order to not lose sight of the two girls, the runners maneuver to be part of the staff for the trip. Of course, rich kids don’t go to the local zoo or museum like regular children. No, the school excursion was, in fact, a fve-day stay in Paris, including a lunch at the Eiffel Tower’s restaurant, a private tour of Notre Dame de Paris, and a visit to the Louvre, animated by a mage of the Atlantean Foundation (remember, those guys have owned the place since 2073).**

**And, of course, during this tour, on the second day of the trip, the shit hit the fan for the runners. As they soon realized, all this excursion was a trap set by S-K Prime to smoke them out. While they were walking through the Salle des Cariatides, their employer sent them a message, half scrambled. All they understood was that they needed to extract the target immediately because their covers were compromised. The part telling them exactly who the principal was did not make it to their commlink.**

**How come their communications were monitored? Because one of the top agents of Claudia Romanov was also embedded in the staff, under the name Aylin Yilmaz. She had been protecting Anya for years, under different false identities, so the teenager trusted her completely. And Aylin was onto the runners for a while, dating back to Giovanna’s escape a few weeks before. She already knew their SINs were forged, but she was not sure the runners were there for Anya. So she organized this last-minute trip to throw off any extraction plan. Miranda’s spies warned her just as Aylin got the confrmation that the runners were on her payroll. She managed to send a message, but Aylin’s decker was monitoring their comm.**

- **I would like to stress how much this team was fragged. At the boarding school, they had most likely secured a safehouse, maybe several, they had established escape routes, and they knew exactly what kind of opposition they would be facing and how fast local authorities would react. But, here, in Paris, they had to extract the target on the fly, without any contingencies or backup. And to make matters worse, they now had to improvise under the all-seeing eyes of Marianne.**

- **Hard Exit**

**The rest of the mission was rather epic. They managed to pit the Atlantean Foundation’s security against Aylin’s henchmen, while subduing both Giovanna and Anya, and snuck out of the Louvre. From there, they found a way to escape Neo-PD goons and Marianne’s surveillance and left Paris. For the next few weeks, they were on the run and hunted by all police forces, because S-K portrayed them as some psychotic kidnappers of three teenagers.**

- **Wait, three kids?**

- **Baka Dabora**

- **During their stay, one of the runners had a favorite student, another girl, unrelated to all this mess. Aylin took note of it before setting her trap, and when the team escaped with Giovanna and Milica, she kidnapped her to use as leverage against them. The poor kid almost died in the firefight between the runners and Aylin and her men. They managed to save her life, but she spent a few months in the hospital, courtesy of Aylin’s ruthlessness.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**They were on the run with two very terrifed teenage girls for a couple of weeks. Well, Giovanna was frightened. The other one was pissed and hellbent on returning to her mom, Claudia Romanov, which meant escaping the runners. Naturally, she did all she could to sabotage them. If they had not kept her under check, she would surely have managed to call for help or get them arrested.**

**Finally, Johnny Spinrad’s new-found power came through. He had the NEEC formally recog-**

**==> picture [17 x 154] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**nize him as Anya’s father and the court ruled to give him sole custody. Miranda could at last organize the hand-off and retrieve Anya. Despite S-K attempting one more stunt on behalf of Claudia Romanov during the transfer, the runners delivered Anya to Spinrad Global.**

- **Their payout of this job, and the ones that followed, go into millions of euros. And if you read between the lines of SimEon’s story, the key component of their success is not their own performances (except for their escape). They did not save the day by the perfect hack or by slinging a well-crafted fireball into their adversaries. They prevailed by staying one step ahead of the game through the whole mission.**

- **2XL**

- **It’s not really relevant to the point that Sim is trying to make, but I want to share another anecdote about this job. While the runners were on the lam, Giovanna felt ill. They quickly figured out her appendix broke. Of course, they were nowhere near a hospital. At this point, they were pretty sure she was not their actual target, yet they still took no chance and performed the operation themselves, with what little medical skills and supplies they had, while dealing with Anya—who heartlessly used her socalled best friend’s predicament to attempt an escape.**

- **Thorn**
