---
id: SSt-0012
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "An Idiot\u2019s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 2: Bring Friends Who Also Have\
  \ Guns."
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **An Idiot’s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 2: Bring Friends Who Also Have Guns.**

- **Cayman**

- **Or a sniper rifle with an accurate range of over a kilometer. And before anyone asks, I have several. Different models/ manufacturers, different configurations, some I use only once. Keeps the forensic techs guessing.**

**It’s simple numbers. The more friends with guns you have, the more frepower you have available to put on a threat until it’s gone. This, however, doesn’t simply apply to overwhelming opponents with sheer numbers, which is quantity of frepower. It also encompasses quality of frepower, the kind that eliminates threats through sheer power and precision quickly and efciently. When possible, strive to have both.**

- **Balladeer**

- **Word of advice: If you pilfer a weapon from a fallen enemy, especially one with a smartgun system, have it checked out by an armorer before using it. Modern security systems or trackers can lead to some trouble if not properly disabled. Some have figured out how to keep these systems intact even if the weapon is bricked.**

- **Another reason to bring friends—more hands to help you steal weapons and ammo off corpses to trade later. It’s how I ended up getting one of those sweet FN P93 Praetors. Sucks that it got bricked by a decker two months ago, since that was a sweet**

- **Rifleman**

- **How?**

- **Pike**



- **Best case, you only get tracked. Worse case: BOOM.**

- **Rifleman**

- **Be careful, though—coming in with numbers is fine, but don’t forget about friendly fire. I’ve seen far too many runners maimed or gunned down by their teams over the years.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **SAFE targeting system helps avoid that.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Not always. I still stand by the fact that training is better. But SAFE is better than nothing.**

- **Picador**

- **Agreed, but both is best. Always stack the deck in your favor.**

- **Thorn**

- **Also, know how to take corners and use cover. Don’t stand out in the fragging open like a target.**

- **Stone**
