---
id: SSt-0123
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Underwater
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Underwater**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The critical need here is obvious—so obvious that if you ever engage in underwater combat, expect assailants to directly target your air supply, as whatever it is suddenly becomes the most vital organ you have. So whether it’s an air tank on your back or a mage on the surface sustaining a spell on you, protect that organ like it’s the most important thing you have.**

**Second-most obvious: Seal everything! Double-check your seals! Very little gear was built to function underwater, and water will ruin it. Be careful and be thorough.**

**With the obvious out of the way, let’s talk about the bends. The deeper you dive into the water, the higher the water pressure will get. As a rule of thumb, for every ten meters you descend, you’ll increase the pressure by one atmosphere. That pressure hits every part of you—including any air you’re carrying. You inhale high-pressure air, and that can affect your body. If you don’t give your lungs time to process this gas, then it releases into body tissues. What happens then? Pain. Usually in the joints and sometimes pretty severe. It typically pops up within a few hours of the dive and lasts for up to twelve hours. The best way to avoid it is to come up slowly from a descent—the usual guideline is to ascend ten meters per minute. Did you come up too quickly, possibly because someone or something was chasing you? Get to a hyperbaric chamber that can recompress you then decompress at a proper rate. Don’t have one immediately at hand? Try pure oxygen until you can get to a chamber. Your rebreather might be just the tool you need, as it can keep oxygen fowing into you—assuming you have enough after your dive.**

- **One thing I say a lot is that anything that can cause pain can be a weapon. If you’re worried about divers infiltrating your secret underwater base (assuming you’re cool enough to have such a thing), then find ways to scare ’em to the surface. Have some underwater biodrones around that can chase any interlopers. They might get away to the surface, but then all you need to do is track them down once their joints tell them they can’t move.**

- **> Kane**

**While we’re talking about the effect of pressure on your body, let’s not forget about your devices. Some devices are specially treated to withstand high pressure, but most of your off-the-rack commlinks are not those. Some cases can help, so unless you want to come up carrying a brick, either**
