---
id: SSt-0078
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Pimping Your Ride
page: 84
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pimping Your Ride**

**Once you’ve picked out your starter vehicle, you’ll want to do some customizing. Even the best stock vehicles need some modifcations to make them ft for use on a shadowrun. First and foremost—it really should go without saying—is a rigger interface. Without this, your RCC, autosofts, control rig (and other related implants) are all useless. Unless your main ride is an aircraft, don’t forget run-fat tires. Something else I consider a must-have for all of my rides is electrochromic paint, which lets you change up your colors and display logos. It’s a great way to blend in and cement your getaway, especially if you’re driving in a crowded urban area with lots of other similar vehicles on the road. It’s also pretty cheap, so why not? Passive stealth features are also cheap, and it never hurts to be able to be sneakier when you need to. Chameleon coating is great as well, but it’s very pricey and diffcult to acquire, so I’d save that for a specialized stealth drone or vehicle. Don’t get me wrong, I love this mod, but I can’t recommend it as a standard one for every ride. A spoof kit, on the other hand, is a must. This lets you fake your transponder and license plate so you don’t stand out as a SINless shadowrunner on the job. If you’ve got the right kind of vehicle and a little extra nuyen, I also recommend a pop-up emergency light bar and siren, which includes the transponder spoof that tricks GridGuide into thinking you’re the real deal. Most vans can easily masquerade as ambulances, but only certain vehicles are believable as security and patrol cars. It’s not a cheap accessory, but it doesn’t break the bank, and it provides you with a whole new set of options on the job. Another illegal and somewhat expensive mod that I think**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**is totally worth it is a the xGuide Override, which makes it look like you’re following all the rules even when you aren’t. If you’re especially light on funds you can make do without it, but I defnitely think it’s worth getting if you can afford it.**

**That’s it for all the must-have modifcations, though there are a few honorable mentions that I’d hate to be without for any vehicle I plan on using for work. These might be a matter of personal preference, but they defnitely ft my personal preferences. First up are drone racks, which are perfect for transporting, launching, and recovering your drones. Even on the smallest vehicle, you most likely have room for a micro/mini drone rack that can carry a number of little surveillance drones. Even a drone rack for a large combat drone like a Steel Lynx will ft in a small car. A drone rack takes up space that can otherwise be used for weapon hardpoints, so you need to balance that out, but I generally prefer using drones for the combat role rather than risking a larger and more expensive vehicle—especially if I’m inside it. My other honorable mention is a rigger cocoon, which protects you better than a seatbelt and airbag. The greatest bonus is that savvy mages like to tell their spirits to appear inside a vehicle and take out the rigger, and a cocoon counters this play. There’s no room for them to appear inside the cocoon with you, and it blocks astral line of sight, so they probably won’t be able to fnd you. Even if they do eventually fgure it out, it’s going to take them time—time enough for you and your team to get away or geek the mage.**

**If you’re working with a smaller budget, that’s probably about all I’d recommend for your vehicle mods and accessories. You still need to pay for your implants, RCC, autosofts, and drones, of course. But if you’re one of those riggers who puts as much as you can into your main vehicle, or if you’re working - with a larger budget, there are some other modif cations worth considering. With so many options out there, it can be hard to know where to start. Depending on your vehicle, you might have plenty of room for lots of mods, or you might have to be very choosy about which ones take up valuable slots. One of the most expensive mods that’s worth every nuyen is improved handling—it costs as much or more than the purchase price of many of the vehicles I recommended, but the smooth controls are worth it. Unless I had nuyen to burn, I probably wouldn’t bother with this for anything except for my main ride, though. If you even think you might end up in a chase, I also recommend the improved stability mod. The last modifcation I’d recommend for your main ride if you have plenty of nuyen is a nanomaintenance repair system, which will save you a lot of nuyen on maintenance and repairs— and makes it so that you don’t need downtime in a shop during a run. If you spring for the max rating, you’re likely to be able to get your ride fxed up good as new in a day or less without having to lift a**

**fnger. And if you do end up having time and access to a shop, this system makes repairs go much faster and easier. Over time, this mod will pay for itself by sparing you the expense of having to buy a bunch of spare parts every time it gets banged up or shot.**

**Every other modifcation or accessory I might recommend is going to be more specifc to the type and purpose of your vehicle. Weapon mounts are appropriate for combat vehicles, but if you’re carrying armed drones or shadowrunners, drone racks and gun ports are all you need. Just make sure to spend the extra nuyen and space to set them up as pop-up mounts so they don’t draw too much attention from security patrols. In some places, you can get away with obvious weapon mounts, but for most locations you’ll be hired to work in, they’ll be a liability. If your vehicle is suitable for totally enclosed construction, I’d spring for that. Not only does it protect you better from the elements, but it also unlocks the possibility of adding grey mana warding, which prevents astral forms like spirits and enemy mages from getting in your vehicle. The mages on your team might bitch and moan about it messing with their mojo, but they can deal with it. For getaway and interceptor vehicles that you’re building for speed, improved acceleration and nitro boost are probably worth installing. I wouldn’t waste the nuyen on improving your max speed unless you’re into drag racing, though—you’re almost never going to be in a situation where max speed is going to be a deciding factor, and if you are, you should be able to maneuver among some terrain that evens the odds for you. The exception to this is air and watercraft, because top speed comes into play in the open skies and seas.**

**Something I also tend not to bother with most of the time is added armor—it’s too conspicuous, degrades performance, and doesn’t help enough when you get hit hard anyway. You’re much better off going for mods that either make you a less obvious target or help you get out of the way than relying on armor to save your hoop. And most stock vehicles have enough armor to give you an advantage against occasional small-arms fre anyway. For a heavy combat vehicle, I’d much rather invest in something like increased structural integrity before adding any armor—this mod makes the vehicle more rugged and resistant to damage without degrading performance or looking like something built for Desert Wars.**
