---
id: SSt-0092
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Getting Away
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Getting Away**

**While my personal preference to lose a tail is to shoot it down, sometimes that isn’t an option. When it is an option, it’s a much quicker and cleaner solution than making a run for it—it’s so much easier to run away from someone who’s dead. But much of the time, as a shadowrunner, you’ll be outnumbered and outgunned, so you’ll have to escape. Ideally you should scout out some escape routes before the run even starts, and maybe even prep up some hidey holes or safehouses you can escape to. This is where your area knowledge, contacts, and navigation skills come in handy.**

**Your frst order of business in a chase is to get into cover as best you can—cluttered territory that limits the open air above you. No matter how good you are driving, air cover will be able to keep up with you if you don’t. Alleyways, busy streets, and tunnels are your best friends here. Make it as diffcult as you can for them to follow and track you, because you’re a better driver than whoever is likely to be chasing you—if you’re not, then you’re a drekky rigger.**

**Once you’ve got some decent cover, your next job is to put some distance between you and your pursuers. Once you’ve achieved that, break line of sight and disappear. That’s really all there is to it. I make it sound simple, but there are plenty of complications that can come up. One thing I want to caution you on is to never rely entirely on your speed—no matter how fast you are, the corps have enough resources to set someone up to get in your way. Break line of sight and hide. Lie low, and you’ll be fne.**

**If you’re trying to catch someone, do your best to get as close as you can before you move in and have some speedy aircraft drones in position to track them if they break line of sight. If you can anticipate where they’re going, set up some obstacles or ambushes using drones or other teammates. If you’re a good enough pilot, you should be able to keep up and catch up to them—getting them to stop is the hard part. My usual solution is to shoot up their ride until it can’t drive anymore. Getting them to crash or ramming them is more risky if you need them alive, but it’s another tool in the toolbox.**


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
FILLING<br>THE GAPS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**
