---
id: SSt-0054
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Lying as a Lifestyle
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Lying as a Lifestyle**

**The con doesn’t end with the job. You don’t get to be a career criminal and live out in the open about it. There are tips and tricks from the con life that can provide an everyday advantage that keeps the wolves from the door and the heat off your back, not to mention dropping plenty of opportunities your way organically, from safehouses to fences, smugglers to fake SINs.**

- **Hey, Saturday! You up for this one?**

- **Red**

- **Everybody in this industry lives by their wits. You don’t really stop being a criminal, but everyone has to relax. If you’re gonna relax, you need something buying you the safety and shelter to do so. Unless you’re going to live somewhere isolated and probably disgusting—or at least, very au naturel—you’re gonna leave a data trail. Participating in society allows for nothing less. The upshot is that this can actually work in your favor! Fake**

- **SINs are one thing, but a whole false life to fall into, like a spy thriller? That’s about as close to safe as you’ll ever get, and if you’ve got the cash, it might just be a luxurious experience. Stop living life like it’s a burden to conceal and carry. You’re**

- **going to leave a data trail, make it work for you. Data trails, properly managed, can provide plausible deniability and alibis. With enough investment, they can help you keep the money you earn and, eventually, make more money!**

- **Saturday Jones**

- **I gotta hear this.**

- **Marionette**

- **First, legitimate enterprise. You want to keep your money? You have to launder it. There are whole syndicates based on this concept, with an easy version being gambling winnings (of which they’ll often take a hefty twenty-five to fifty percent, before taxes), but really, legitimizing it means you pay taxes on an income. You have to transform your illicit cred into money that you earned doing something legal. Pick an easy cash industry. You know why they call it laundering money? It’s not because it comes out clean. All-night laundry. Plug and pay. Bars aren’t bad, but they aren’t as easy to automate. I know a few runners**

**(even one or two on here) who own a Stuffer Shack. You want to know the clever little trick? You get drones to do the work. Make SINs and edit the footage so they don’t see a Mitsuhama Auto-2, but Sam Harrison’s late-night summer gig while she saves up for a vintage Yamaha Rapier. You pay Sam. You *are* Sam. You pay yourself. You buy product (and even use it yourself, everyone needs toilet paper and stuffers) and mark it as a purchase. Turn the back room into a safehouse. Have Sam work there for five years and opt for stock options. Do the same for Ricki and Gib and yourself. You’re laundering four salaries of money into legal cash. You’re diversifying them. You have fragging *stock options*, free food, cover. Wanna get really clever? Make sure you can look like Sam, Ricki, and Gib if you ever need a spare getaway SIN. And if you’re really done with it or feel the heat closing in? Burn the bastard down, blame the Halloweeners, and claim the insurance payout to start up your next gig. > Saturday Jones**

- **Fuck. Why am I running, again?**

- **Ma’Fan**

- **For the love of the sport?**

- **Daisychain**

- **Because that’s what a lazy ol’ corper does?**

- **Prime Runner**

- **The glamor. That’s gotta be it. /shoots devil rat and returns to chair/**

- **Scrug**

- **I don’t have the wits or the attention span to pull something like that off!**

- **Rainbowsmite**

- **Because the investment is fairly large, the payout isn’t amazing, and it’s a slow, slow process. Do it enough times and you might have an impressive income from a bunch of places, but sooner or later you’ll have to cut some of those ends. A burned SIN’s last use is sending it to another country to throw them off your scent. You’ll never see it again. And every SIN that touches another is part of every investigation into that network. The stink (i.e., you) carries to the whole. It’s sort of a criminal retirement plan more than its own job, and the risk of losing it increases the more you involve your work with it.**

- **The Chromed Accountant**

- **Chrome! You out of retirement?**

- **Slamm-0**

- **Nah, just lurking for nostalgia.**

- **The Chromed Accountant**

- **Fake SINs are glorious, and there’s no end to the ways you can use them. I know some runners who treat their fake SINs like they’re just disposable one-and-done tricks in their arsenal, which is fine. I maintain a few for that purpose, but I recommend having**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 240] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [175 x 377] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
63<br>SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [420 x 138] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 389] intentionally omitted \<==**

**a couple that are more fleshed out for all the reasons mentioned above and more. With a little time and effort you can shore up the legitimacy of your fake SINs—use them for alibis and the like. Gotta pull a high-stakes run? Pick up a will-call concert ticket for that night under one of your fakes. Then send a buddy who wants to see the show to pick up the tickets in your fake SIN’s name. You’ve just done yourself and your chum a favor, all while adding one more datapoint to the fake SIN’s overall activity, making it that much more resistant to scrutiny. The more datapoints you have tied to that SIN, the easier it is to step into that life when you need to lie low while the heat dies down after a run. You just gotta be sure to keep those SINs separate from the more disposable burners you have in rotation. Having a good, clean SIN with an established pattern of behavior is golden. Having three or four is about as close to safe as you can get in the shadows.**

- **If you play the game right, you can even use your fake SINs to shore up one another’s data points. By having these false identities interact with each other in traceable fashion, you make each one seem a little more legitimate. The bright side is a high tide raises all boats. Each SIN is a little more legitimate. The downside is any shared activity pollutes the whole lot with that pesky common denominator, which is you. You want to make sure if you are going to deploy this tactic that you have each SIN involved also interacting with other entities besides your own fake SINs. Out for lunch with no gigs in the works? Have one of your fake SINs pick up the tab. The more lived-in a SIN is, the better. If you do go this route, though, be ready to burn the batch if one gets compromised.**

- **Zephon**

- **A recursive positive feedback loop of lies and profit. I love it!**

- **0rkCE0**

**> Daisychain**

- **Honestly, whenever you’re buying anything on the legal market, you should be funneling those purchases through your fake SINs. Just make sure you’re doing so deliberately, with a plan. Think about who is buying what and how that looks if someone is scrutinizing that SIN. With a little planning, you can make several SINs look lived-in just by going about your regular business and using the right SIN at the right time.**

- **A classic: Got a SIN you need to burn? Don’t just throw it out. Link it with a credstick, give it to a beggar, and let them catch the heat. I used to do shit like that, but … well, these days I guess I’m getting soft.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **No, you just have more conscience.**

- **> Netcat**

  - **Daisychain**

- **Yeah. Like he said. Getting soft.**

  - **Saturday makes an excellent point about keeping legit activities legit. Pay your damn taxes on any income those fake SINs**

- **Rigger X**



**generate. If you dive into money laundering, make sure you are meticulous about the upkeep needed to keep that money legit. Pay taxes. Give to a charity or two. If you have the means, get an apartment and some utility hook ups in their name. Don’t give anyone a reason to poke too hard at the illusion. The best deceptions are built on a kernel of truth. The more reality you can inject into your backup identity, the more real it appears to onlookers.**

- **Hancock**

- **I used to have a retirement plan in San Fran, a legit PCC SIN, a whole life to step into, complete with faked interactions online via agents. Got blown a long time ago, but the idea gave me comfort.**

- **Red**

- **That reminds me: be very, very certain just where your SIN comes from. SINdicates are known for their discretion (they have to be, or the whole thing comes crashing down), and most of their connections are well-embedded in the actual government and corporate registries they use. But no matter where you get your SIN from, it has an origin. That’s something someone can hold over you. You either need to tie up loose ends or have enough dead ends that you’ll hear pursuit coming a mile away.**

- **Saturday Jones**

- **No one can truly escape the past.**

- **Many-Names**

- **No, but you can make a damn good show of it!**

- **> Saturday Jones**

- **Another option, albeit a dangerous and underhanded one, is to collect legitimate SINs as a matter of habit. When you’re grabbing intel on a run, get your hands on every SIN you can. Keep them in a warm safe place. Forge documentation to support your connection to that SIN, and deploy them when you need to get something you couldn’t (or wouldn’t) normally access or if you need to get out of hot water. This is akin to playing Russian Roulette and will eventually blow up in your face, but when you’re out of options, this can be a lifesaver.**

- **> Whippet**

- **The inherent dangers of this tactic are too massive to enumerate. You run the risk of pissing off some pretty powerful people, depending on whose SIN you are throwing around. This risk is further compounded if you’re using old intel or not keeping up on the current events in the poor sucker’s life whose SIN you stole. They might have been some low-earning wageslave when you nabbed their SIN, but what if they got a promotion or three since your last visit? Now all of a sudden that “harmless” identity theft is no longer targeting a powerless**

**cubicle drone, but a junior executive with access to slush funds and a very personal axe to grind. Unfortunately, this level of risk doesn’t prevent green, cocky, or just plain stupid runners from abusing stolen SINs. Buying every friggin’ stuffer and ammo box with some corp wageslave’s SIN you stole three runs back is capital D dangerous. Don’t do it. It’s a good way to get hemmed up, shot up, or worse, paint yourself into a corner that plenty of Mr. Johnsons are willing to exploit to get labor on the cheap. > Daisychain**

- **That sounds exceptionally reckless and stupid.**

- **> Zephon**

- **There’s no shortage of reckless and stupid people in the shadows. Fortunately, they don’t tend to live long. Unfortunately, when they inevitably blow up they tend to leave a crater and take their less careless chummers down with them. Which seems as good a time as any to remind everyone to keep an eye on your team. If someone you’re running with pulls a drek-brained move, it’s rarely just their fat going into the fire. Your asses are all on the same line, and you’re only as fast as your slowest member. Don’t tolerate recklessness in your team. If the rest of the team is cool with that kind of behavior, walk at the first offramp you see. Be professional and cordial on your way out the door. There’s no sense in turning yesterday’s running buddies into tomorrow’s enemies, but you need to get clear of the blast radius of their incompetence while you have the chance.**

- **Daisychain**

- **On a larger scale, there’s a pro and con to it. The careless and reckless do get picked off, which can leave folks feeling good about their security, leave them feeling lax about it, which leaves the cunning to take advantage of what is otherwise a distraction in the form of a shadowrunner’s life. The downside is that consistent attacks on that sense of safety foster paranoia and keep them on their toes. Finding the corridor between their confidence and their caution is the path of the successful runner.**

- **> Thorn**

- **The triumph and tragedy of a con artist is this: The really good ones are acutely aware of what other people need and how they can provide it. That’s the essence of a good con. That’s also the essence of a good person. Think of the people you’re closest to, the relationships you value the most. You’re probably thinking of someone who understands what you need and knows how to help you get it. That’s an incredibly valuable person to know. The main difference between that person and a con artist is they direct their talents to others to elevate them, while con artists direct them to help themselves and hurt others. If you’re truly fortunate, you meet one who targets those who deserve it and helps those who need it. But that’s rare.**

- **Fianchetto**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
GETTING<br>OUT AND IN<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**manager, our Mr. Johnson. A peal of thunder ate at th** e n **i** g **ht** a **i** r as **I** wa **t** c **h** e **d** a **t** ro **ll’** s **th** um **b** -s **i** ze **d h** o **l** e appear in the money man’s chest. Shock registered on his face, then fear, then oblivion … all in the span of a handful of heartbeats. Just like that, our op was slagged.

**The mission was clear—kidnap the simsense** s **t** ar **f** rom **h** er mo **t** orca **d** e, **h** o **ld h** er **f** or **f** our **d** ays, then release her in front of the Big Rhino at dusk as if her ransom had been paid. The Mr. Johnson, her manager, wanted to humble her a little, make her know that she was whiffi ng the fumes of stardom a little too hard, fragging over the wrong kinds of people.

Gunfi re chewed at the neon sky as bullets rained down on the motorcade. It appeared that this was a tandem operation, and someone else was hired to off our little mouthy diva. It really wasn’t a surprise that it was happening here. This was a prime location, after all—it’s why we chose it. Maybe she bagged the wrong husband, or wife. The specifi cs didn’t matter. She was going to be slab weight real fast.

That was the idea. The rules were clear: no casualties, no rough stuff on the lady. This was going to be easy cred.

We picked the best spot to heist our feisty starlet. Dropped the deets on the manager. Set up a line of fl ashbangs fore and aft of the narrow road the motorcade would travel down. My technomancer was in the wings ready to drop some daemons and stall out the onboard computers of the lead and tail conveyances. Tactics were simple—fry the tech, blind the meat, gas the rest. Walk out with a starlet.

With the payday on the line, improvisation was required. Nothing against those other runners, but we weren’t about to lose our reward. Adapt as necessary is the rule, not merely good advice. We’d get our money, just from a different revenue stream.

Except that’s not what happened. Oh, the engines stalled out as the plan called for, but the fi rst piece of meat to step out of the Skyline was her

I popped the red cap on my trigger mechanism and pushed down hard. Two seconds later, the en-



**tire alley lit up in brilliant white as phosphorus blinded assailers and defenders alike—all except my team, that is. We were ready for it.**

**“Grab the girl,” I told my snatch man. “This run just turned into a rescue.”**
