---
id: SSt-0096
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Rikki'
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Rikki**

- **If you read between the lines, it was. You’ll see.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**Two of them survived the battle, but only one would leave the building alive. In their hurry to go after their target, the team didn’t pack enough medical supplies for their medkit. They had an Awakened medic with the team, generally responsible for keeping people on their feet, so they fgured it was okay. Sadly, the bug ripped off this guy’s head frst.**

**Despite the dire circumstance, the lone survivor did not lose track of the job. Once it was clear that the bug was the only one in the vicinity, he retrieved the paydata, the information gathered by the journalist, and got the hell out of Dodge (or, in this instance, Park Falls). The team’s face, who died in his arms a few minutes before, always suspected that whatever Harold was looking for here was what their client was really after. And she was right. I wish she had been as intuitive about the rest of the run.**

**Our survivor, now reasoning like he thought a true professional of the shadows would, opted to become super paranoid and completely distrustful of their client. Because the dwarf obviously double-crossed his team, right? (Spoiler alert: he did not.) So, he went back home, which happened to be Detroit, and instead of reaching out to Mr. Johnson, he started touring all the runner hangouts in Motor City he knew, blabbing to anyone listening about the dwarf who fragged him (and his buddies) over. In his head, this was “looking for a new buyer” for the information.**

- **Don’t be so harsh. Not all of them. I think he only did that in two or three places.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **Yes, but only because he got (spoiler) geeked before finishing his round. He is not collecting extra points for dying early, sorry.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**==> picture [17 x 154] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**Once more, what happened next was painfully predictable: an Ares assassin was dispatched to kill him and get rid of his body. Or, at least, I assume because we never heard from him again (nor of the journalist’s paydata). A conclusion as expected as the end of the latest rom-com by Horizon. Instead of her fnally acknowledging she had feelings for her best friend all along, our lone survivor received a bullet in the head and a shallow grave. Same difference.**

- **Wait a minute? How on Earth was him being geeked by Ares so obviously coming? What does the AAA have to do with all of it? (Edit: I’ve read the file now, but I’m still leaving this comment for flavor).**

- **> Slamm-0!**

- **I’ll allow it, it’s in good form.**

- **Sim-Eon**
