---
id: SSt-0038
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Whack-a-Mole
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Whack-a-Mole**

**This may be an outdated reference, but if you’ve ever been to a carnival or arcade, you might know what I mean. Once upon a time, I needed to get through some wards so my team could sneak a dual-natured individual into a specifc location without getting spotted. They needed to be able to back off in a hurry once things were set into motion, so stealthily pushing through the wards wasn’t an option. It takes hours of ritual work to reinstall wards, and so I set about disabling them ahead of time. I called upon a helpful spirit to assist me by acting as the mole in this game of whack-a-mole. There were several wards, and I needed them all down. Several hours before the team went in, I began my work. This is how I accomplished the task: Using my will and enchanted blade, I forcefully dismantled a ward, then fed. My summoned spirit remained behind to fght whatever forces responded. My spirit fought valiantly but was disrupted before very long. I let an hour pass, then summoned another spirit to accompany me and take the fall for disabling the next ward. Three wards were dealt with in this way, and three of my faithful spirits were sacrifced to the effort. During the run the next day, I made a nuisance of myself on the astral plane, keeping their astral security forces busy. This allowed my companions to escort their dual-natured subject in and out of the place without being troubled by the otherwise signifcant astral security. I’m afraid it took me some time to atone for my reckless use of spirits, but a price must always be paid. It also helps to utilize spirits that revel in combat and consider disruption in battle to be a valiant and glorious affair.**
