---
id: SSt-0102
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Bull'
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Bull**

**The hard truth here is that if the guy had bothered to understand what was afoot, he would have had a better chance to survive. What was the paydata he got from the rotting corpse of the journalist? What was this intel he talked so openly about in Detroit? Well, to quote him, it was “just some old picture of a dude shaking hands with the city mayor, back in the ’50s… who cares?”**

**Moron.**

**The man in the photo was actually the infamous Otto Hendricks. And this photo-op was**



**==> picture [247 x 235] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 369] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 369] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 397] intentionally omitted \<==**

**done weeks after Ares declared him in custody and ready for his trial in 2058. It was proof that the bug shaman was in cahoots with the corporation since the ’50s.**

- **I don’t find Ringmaster blameless in this story. Why did he not warn the runners? From where I stand, he knowingly sent them into a trap.**

- **Rikki**

- **This may sound stupid of Ares to have let him out of sight long enough for such a silly event. But, to be fair, in the picture, he is disguised and not easily recognizable. Of course, for Harold Fitzgerald, who most likely followed everything related to Chicago’s CZ, it would have been easy to recognize him. To add to Sim-Eon’s point, good runners should have dug enough in the data to realize that. In particular, with Ringmaster as a client and the Ares connection with this run.**

  - **I actually understand and agree with Ringmaster’s approach. And, like it or not, most upper-tier Mr. Johnsons would do the same. Why would he compromise himself to give intel that the runners can dig out for themselves? Sure, he could have told them the journalist was a sympathizer to Ravenheart’s cause, but this would have made it obvious he was working with her, or at least created a direct connection between her and him. If the meeting was spied on by Ares for instance, or if the team was not trustworthy, this would have put his own ass in the line of fire.**

- **Cayman**

- **My point exactly.**

  - **Stone**

- **Sim-Eon**

- **Funny fact, the meet was indeed monitored by an Ares agent! He actually asked for a strike team to intervene, because he was pretty sure the dwarf was Ringmaster. His superior was not convinced and denied the request. Danforth was so pissed about this when he was informed, days later, that he demoted the guy.**
