---
id: SSt-0010
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'CURRENT ACTIVE USERS/FOLLOWERS:'
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **CURRENT ACTIVE USERS/FOLLOWERS:**

- Bull <Admin>

- Slamm-0! <Admin>

- /dev/grrl <Authorized User>

  - Stone <Authorized User>

  - Sunshine <Authorized User>

  - Thorn <Authorized User>

  - X-Prime <Authorized User>

- 2XL <Authorized User>

- Balladeer <Authorized User>

- Beaker <Authorized User>

- Butch <Authorized User>

  - So, anyone hear rumors that Ares Arms, HK, Izom, Nemesis Arms, and Onotari are slowing down their production lines?

  - **>** Stone

- Cayman <Authorized User>

- Chainmaker <Authorized User>

- Cosmo <Authorized User>

- Clockwork <Authorized User>

- **>** Fianchetto <Authorized User>

  - Sort of. I’ve heard several corps have implemented an unwritten agreement to slow their arms and ammo distribution to the general market, so they’re only filling orders for preferred customers.

  - Sunshine

- Hard Exit <Authorized User>

- Kane <Authorized User>

- Lyran <Authorized User>

- Marcos \<Authorized User

- I wonder if they’re trying to drive up demand so they can hike prices … again.

- Beaker



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **I’ve heard Ares is considering a “retro-launch” of old product lines with upgraded materials and software. Because nothing sells like nostalgia.**

- **Bull**

**///DangerSensei <Authorized User> has logged on/// ///Pike <Guest> has logged on///**

- **Greetings, gun nuts! Got some new blood I want to introduce. This young chummer has become my latest (begrudging) acolyte. So, he’s here to pick the collective’s brains, because he’s getting sick of hearing just me.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Hoi.**

- **Pike**

- **Man of few words. So, what brings you here?**

- **Fianchetto**

- **Used to be a ganger. Got tired of getting shot. Decided to do the shooting from now on. Get them before they get me.**

- **Pike**

- **Nice. I like this kid already.**

- **Kane**

- **So, what do you want to learn?**

- **Hard Exit**

- **Everything.**

- **Pike**

- **That’s all, huh? Care to be more specific?**

- **Thorn**

- **Let’s try something more constructive. What do you carry or know how to use, Pike?**

- **Fianchetto**

- **Cavalier Deputy. My first gun. I just have a laser sight on it. Sensei says I need to learn how to shoot low-tech first, learn fundamentals before I get a smartlink. I was never allowed to use one before Sensei took me in. In the … my old gang, everyone had to prove themselves with other weapons first. Clubs, chains, shanks, those kinds of things. Once I had to use a Star’s amputated cyberleg to take out his partner. But I was never allowed to use or keep a firearm. I’ve been shot more than I’ve shot. Lost an arm to a shotgun, too.**

- **Pike**

- **Ouch.**

- **X-Prime**

- **Null sheen. Got a new one.**

- **Pike**

**> Bludgeoning a Star with another’s leg—that’s hard core. I approve. > Kane**

- **Looks like we have a proto-street sammy here.**

- **> Hard Exit**

- **Yeah, yeah. So, wheel gun huh? Not bad. Could be better, though.**

- **Clockwork**

- **Oh? What do you carry?**

- **Pike**

- **Well, I won’t go into the intricate details of my extensive collection, which includes a drek-ton of machine guns, rocket launchers, assault cannons, missiles, and the like. But let’s simply say I have a personal arsenal that rivals top-tier merc units.**

- **Clockwork**

- **My armory says “doubtful.”**

- **Picador**

- **Drone-mounted weapons don’t count, even if you hide behind them during firefights.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Ah, hello rigger! Let the sammies, mercs, and tanks go up front and take rounds. They do their job, I’ll do mine. But that’s also a funny accusation coming from a decker. Bit of calling the kettle black there isn’t it?**

- **Clockwork**

- ****laughs in assault shotgun** not in the least. Don’t even try to compare yourself to me.**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Let’s bring the topic back to something more constructive, shall we? So, Pike, is there anything specific you want to discuss first?**

- **> Fianchetto**

- **What’s the best gun?**

- **Pike**

- **I’m afraid that’s too broad and frankly extremely subjective (as I’m sure the inevitable comments will later prove my point). What works for one person may not work for another. Or a particular weapon may not meet a particular person’s needs. Let me ask you this, why did you go with a Deputy?**

- **Fianchetto**

- **It felt good in my hands—well, hand. Sensei showed me others, but I settled on that.**

- **Pike**



- **Good. Any weapon should feel like an extension of your body. What else do you use?**

- **Picador**

- **Not much. Still working on proper handling, maintenance, situational awareness, and … a lot of other things I don’t remember.**

- **> Pike**

- **Good place to start. Hey, Rifleman, you still have some of those abridged files IMA trainers used to give to new recruits? I think Pike may find them useful.**

- **> Picador**

- **“An Idiot’s Guide to Gunfighting,” yeah … I still have some of those lying around. I’ll post the abridged versions. I’d also suggest checking out some of the combat and tactics sections from the Firing Squad upload.**

- **> Rifleman**

- **Because you wrote those, si?**

- **Marcos**

- **Because they work.**

- **> Rifleman**

- ***GROAN.* Not another holier-than-thou sermon on combat. I’m here to talk guns. Call me when we get back to hardware.**

- **> Clockwork**

- **Guns, or any weapons, aren’t any good if you don’t know the tactics to use them.**

- **> Fianchetto**

- **Do we have to call him? I don’t think we should.**

- **> Pike**

- **BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA!!!!!!**

- **> Kane \<<\<Sysop 02 removed 2.3 Mp of data>>>**

- **Okay, I just removed similar replies because they’re off topic. Still, that was funny.**

- **> Bull**

- **Yeah. Where did you find this kid?**

- **> Slamm-0!**

- **Not my story to tell and you wouldn’t believe me even if I did.**

- **> DangerSensei**

- **Yes! Adepts, I’m looking at you, ya wankers! I get it, you want to go choppy-choppy, slicey-dicey, or punchy-punchy. It’s fun, yeah, I enjoy it too. But when the lead starts flying, your mates will thank you for not putting them at a constant disadvantage because you just have to run out from behind cover to do your thing and instead adding to the counterassault or ambush.**

- **> Chainmaker**

**==> picture [246 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
