---
id: SSt-0215
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Housing
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Housing**

**Let me be controversial and say this right off the bat: Shadowrunners rent, they don’t own. Sure, maybe this will change when you retire and settle down somewhere, but until then, you don’t need the hassle of property ownership. Here’s why:**

_**Property owners are much deeper in the system than renters are.**_ **The property purchase process involves a whole lot of ID checking and recording, so the name on the ID goes into all sorts of databases. You’ll never know all the places your name is recorded, and that’s an unnerving feeling for people in our line of work. Meanwhile, rental places have a wide variety of ID check procedures, from detailed background checks to a quick glance that wouldn’t be able to tell if you were showing them a SIN or a coupon for ten percent off of NERPS. This means your ID might not go deep into many systems, and even if it does, you can make it a truly drekky ID as long as you found the right landlord.**

_**Leases break easily.**_ **It’s the rare lease that goes beyond one year. Some are half-year, many are month to month. When a lease is over, you can walk away with no encumbrance. Even if you want to get out early, you can just pay off the rest of the lease, or walk away and dare them to fnd you. The loss won’t have many ramifcations. Walk away from a property you own, and you are out whatever you paid for it. If you need to fee, good luck selling it for any value. If you need to totally reinvent your life, it’ll be as someone who no longer owns that piece of property you bought.**

- **Slamm-0! isn’t entirely wrong, but he’s thinking small. If you buy a number of properties—ideally under multiple SINs—you can have a nice network of places to escape to. If they’re associated with good SINs, they became great places to lie low. If you’re fleeing from one identity, then you go to the property of another identity that’s established, so people don’t know to look for you there. And if you’re worried about expenses, doing short-term leases of the properties is pretty easy to help pay property taxes and other expenses.**

- **Fianchetto**

- **Yeah, that all works great as long as you want property management and upkeep to be your full-time job.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

_**Ownership builds attachment .**_ **This might be a little subjective, but I’ve found property own-**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**ers tend to get more emotionally attached to their properties than renters do, making it more diffcult for them to cut ties when they need to. Sometimes, you need to totally sever ties with your old life, and that’s harder when you remember the cute little breakfast nook you put so much effort into painting and sanding.**

- **Yeah, tell New Yorkers and Seattleites that you can’t get emotionally attached to a rental.**

- **Sounder**

**With that out of the way, let’s consider some tips for what to look for when you’re renting a home. I’m going to assume you know the basics about how to evaluate a landlord, check on what’s included in the rent, examine the neighborhood, and so on, and get to some things particular to us as shadowrunners.**
