---
id: SSt-0126
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Ecotope'
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Ecotope**

**Then we have toxic shamans and the spirits they summon. With acid- and corrosion-based powers and spells, they can break down anything you have. You may have seen an Acid Stream spell before, but not one thrown with as much**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**relish as these shamans will cast. They cannot be bargained with, as they don’t want anything you can give. They want a world of toxic sludge, and unless you’re willing to be part of the sludge, they’re not interested in you. They are in their element in these twisted, horrible landscapes, even if those landscapes are slowly (or not so slowly) killing them.**

**There is no greater testament to the danger of toxic shamans as the large bounty on them paid by the Draco Foundation with money from Dunkelzahn’s will. That amount of money is not offered for a simple job. If you’re going to earn the nuyen, it’s because you did the supremely diffcult task of bringing in a live toxic shaman. No one pays that much for anything simple.**

- **You may be thinking that it might be fun to wander into a toxic zone to find a shaman and pick up a quick payday. Sure, and while you’re at it, just sneak into a dragon’s hoard and swipe a million nuyen out from under their nose. Don’t want to do that? Sounds too risky? Good. You’re starting to understand.**

- **Jimmy No**

**One last tip about going into a toxic area: Don’t expect any patterns to be normal. Don’t expect normal patterns of sleep, hunting, and diet to be followed by the animals there. Don’t expect plants to follow a normal or consistent rate of growth. Your assumptions that things will be normal could kill you.**

**Now, with all that covered, I’d like to talk about putting this info into action. I’ve asked a couple of friends to talk about some runs they did in challenging environments—one cold, one hot.**
