---
id: SSt-0044
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Making Contacts
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Making Contacts**

**During a run, you’re likely to interact with people. Some of these people are going to be obstacles or antagonists, but not all of them. Usual-**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**ly the job you’re doing is likely to beneft other people besides just your employer. Sometimes you meet people in the process of doing the job that you can help out, even if it’s just by tossing them a certifed credstick for their trouble. You should be looking for these opportunities, both because it might help you get the job done and because these people are prime candidates to become new contacts. If you have a positive interaction with someone, do what you can to treat them well and make sure they know it—and don’t forget to ask for their contact information. Present yourself as someone who’s useful to know and let them know you’re open to providing assistance when you can. It’s also a good idea to carry some extra goodies with you, including certifed credsticks, gadgets, drugs, and even snacks or delicacies such as real chocolate, coffee, or alcohol. When you make a good impression on someone, cement it with something extra, whether that’s a compliment, some useful information, or one of your goodies. Follow up with them in a short while so they don’t forget about you, and take a few notes about their mannerisms, preferences, and apparent desires. Look for opportunities to call upon them, and before long you will have established a new contact.**
