---
id: SSt-0062
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: What we learned
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **What we learned**

**I said in the beginning a good shadowrunner can prepare for the unexpected, but a great shadowrunner** _**has**_ **to be prepared for it. I failed to do my due diligence and really dig deep into why a fusion engineer would be called** _**Der Mausekönig**_ **. This was unacceptable, and it cost two people their lives. While it is understood that you can’t prepare for every little thing, sometimes the signs are there like neon lights, blasting you in the face. We get complacent with the luminescence because of how frequently we see it—the key is** _**not to**_ **.**

**Still, that was not the main takeaway from this. This lesson, which is equally important, is how to adapt when the situation becomes fragged, and understand what you have at your disposal might have to be used more creatively. Never in a million years did I ever think that I would be attacked by a swarm of mice on the autobahn in Germany in the middle of a blizzard … but it happened. Only adaptation kept us all from fatlining.**

**Here are some specifc examples:**

- **Always create a backdoor in every situation. Cy-4 did this by taking control of the Bergen after she rebooted it. Most deckers would reboot and forget it immediately because they have a hundred things happening at once, but those who can recognize an opportunity and seize it are invaluable. Our op relied on the use of our van as a getaway vehicle; in lieu of that, we were going to use a civilian’s conveyance. Mausekönig rattled that whole plan by disabling every vehicle with his swarm. Cy-4’s forethought saved us critical seconds. Those seconds kept us ahead of S-K and likely saved our lives.**

- **My slipper. The Kestrel is not designed in any way for the purpose in which it was used. Still, sacrifcing it in such an unorthodox manner was the only way we could disable Mausekönig. Everything you bring into the mission is a tool. And though tools all have their primary purpose, even a wrench can become a hammer when needed. Keep that in mind when things twist up on you; in the Sixth World, things always do. Now take this with a grain of salt—I’m not saying bring the whole breadbasket with you, just understand that even the most mundane**

**item might have another use when the time calls for it. And remember, tech is expendable. I don’t care how much you love your drone—it comes secondary to the operation and the team, always.**

**• Never discount weather. We thought it would be our boon and Mausekönig turned it into our bane. Points go to him in this lesson. The conjuring of white mice in a blizzard created an army for him that rendered us effectively blind. The elf almost took out our whole team by himself. I’m told aspected magicians have some area of disability compared to other Awakened individuals, but Mausekönig played on his strengths. Two of my team died by his hand, and he humbled this troll with his own adaptability. As far as I know, he’s still alive somewhere. I can’t say where, but I hold no ill will for the man. I had deep respect, maybe even friendship with Fritz. He saw something in me that allowed me to be where I am today. He gave me the chance to run an op even though I was as green as they came. That will forever stay with me. But we’re shadowrunners** _**.**_ **For better or worse, we chose this profession, and at the end of the day, it’s just biz.**

**> Doesn’t Mausekönig work for Ares now?**

**> Knick-Knack**

**> Possibly. There’s always work for a good fusion researcher.**

- **Igor Ramus**
