---
id: SSt-0083
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Drone Recon
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Drone Recon**

**When you’re using drones for recon or tracking, make sure to have Clearsight, Stealth, and Tracking autosofts as well as Run Silent, Run Deep— and don’t forget to switch your persona to silent mode. For the tricky stuff, I usually like to have multiples of the same type of drone instead of a variety so they can share the same Stealth autosoft. The drones in a less risky position can rely on their size or placement to avoid trouble, as they can share the other software. Something I like to do for particularly sensitive portions of a mission is to make sure that I jump into a drone to manually pilot it to where it needs to go rather than relying on the dog-brain. Once it’s in position, I can always jump back out to focus on the big picture, but it’s also easy to do that while I’m still jumped in. If you need a bug in place for a longer period of time, I’ll have my drone shut off wireless for a set period of time so it can still pick up data from its sensors while also being untouchable from the Matrix. It can then just pop online for a few seconds every now and then to transmit its recorded data, or I can retrieve it at that time. Micromachines, Gnats, and Kanmushis are cheap enough to be used as expendable bugs, though. The Kanmushi is my favorite for this because it’s got a better dog-brain and sensors than a drone at its size and price point has any right to—load a Stealth autosoft onto it and it will do a fairly good job of avoiding notice on its own, and it even has the processing power to run a Clearsight autosoft at the same time.**

**When it comes to external recon or keeping tabs on the top-down view of a location while running an op, fying drones are ideal. The LDSD-64 is fantastic for this role, partly because it can foat way up high and go unnoticed, but also because it carries two mini drone racks and has a retrans unit, so it can carry a couple of additional aerial drones that you can launch when you need a closer look or to sneak indoors. The Hawker-Siddley Bat and the Lockheed Optic-X2 are good options as well, due to their ability to blend in with the wildlife. Any spotter drone worth more than a couple grand is worth installing passive stealth features on, and maybe electrochromic paint so it can sport the logo of whatever corp’s turf you’re infltrating. Chameleon coating would be nice, but it’s too expensive to consider for most drones. Anyway, drones are great**

**for snooping where you aren’t meant to snoop, but they’re also great for casing and staking out a place where a car or lurking metahuman would be noticed. Just don’t forget to run the autosofts, because they aren’t much good without them—except when you’re jumped in, of course.**
