---
id: SSt-0204
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: A shadowrun begins and ends with the quality of your team.
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A shadowrun begins and ends with the quality of your team.**

**in Chicago I’ve lost touch with and wish I hadn’t: Sebastian Colt.**

**As some of you know, I collect guns. Specifcally, I collect Panther Assault Cannons. I have them all over the place here at home and several stashed in safe drops in case of emergencies. Trust me, chummers. When the only gun that will get you through a situation is a Panther? That’s a real emergency.**

**I was more than willing to make that trade, but Sebastian wasn’t about to let me join up before I knew the details. I was young back then, young and dumb. I would have committed one of the cardinal sins of shadowunning—never go in blind— but he took the time to show me the job, walk me through its complications, and then took me to meet the rest of the team he’d assembled. I admit, I learned a lot that night about prep and patience.**

**So this was a year or two before Bug Town happened, and I was in the market for a gunsmith. My favorite Panther at the time, Bullet Betty, crapped out on me during a run, and it wasn’t an issue I could fx myself. She wouldn’t spin up and her barrels were stuck askew, so even if I tried to fre, she’d have probably exploded. Any damage bad enough that I can’t fx it is a situation for an expert, so I followed my contacts to the underground workshop of Sebastian Colt, the man every single one of them recommended.**

**I’ll also admit I am still struggling with that last one. I hate waiting.**

**Seb had a habit of putting together teams for shadowruns after accepting the job. He would pool his contacts, look over the personalities and skill sets involved, and match the members who could complement one another or cover their weaknesses. I know a lot of runners who just stick together and work any job they can get regardless of their ft, but Sebastian preferred to tailor his teams for each mission.**

**Seb’s an interesting man, but for now all you need to know is that he’s smart enough to stick to the three things he knows: building guns, avoiding attention, and pulling off jobs no one else even wants to try.**

**I didn’t know about that last part when I met him, but after we traded my services on a shadowrun for the repairs to Bullet Betty, I found out the hard way.**

**It’s a fragging good idea when you’ve got the luxury of prep time.**

**For the job I was joining him on, Seb had picked four others. I was chosen for my hacking skills, obviously, and he paired me with an elven gunner**

**That leads me to Lesson Two.**

**==> picture [35 x 392] intentionally omitted \<==**



**named Frost and a retired UCAS soldier called Delta with a list of skills as long as her service record. The rest of the team consisted of an ex-Humanis recruit named Deacon who I’d met before and didn’t completely hate and a dwarf from the east side with a real gift for rigging. The dwarf’s handle was Spanners, both because of his love of tinkering and his penchant for using them as weapons.**

**Deacon had been kicked out of the policlub after an incident I won’t go into here, but suffce to say I knew I could depend on him even if I disagreed with some of his politics. He admitted he’d been indoctrinated as a child, but he was trying to overcome it, and that was good enough for me. He also brought much-needed magical power to the team. He also had some unique skills to offer, but more on that in a bit.**

**Aside from Deacon, I didn’t know any of these people. Before tossing us into the deep end, Seb made sure we had a few hours to sit, drink, and trade war stories. That might not sound like much, but it’s a move I added to my own leadership habits. Even just a little bit of investment in the rest of your team can pay off huge when the bullets start fying.**

**The other thing he did was come with us. Until that point, I’d never actually gone on a shadowrun with the same chummer who brought me the job. I was worried it was going to turn into a babysitting job, but I shouldn’t have been concerned. The old man pulled his weight, for sure, and showed me that when the chummer in charge is willing to bleed beside you, everyone does their job better.**

**That just about covers what I learned about team building. Let’s move on to Lesson Three.**
