---
id: SSt-0066
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: '> Diamond Riggs'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Diamond Riggs**

**The real risk came when we entered the eye of the hurricane. Due to the marginal timetable, there was no way I could get the brightly colored saildrone painted and cured. So, when the waters calmed—very unnaturally, I might add—the saildrone was a giant eyesore on the horizon just waiting to be spotted. I had to risk keeping it inside the hurricane while we proceeded with the extraction. Now, the saildrone was built especially for operating in winds over 120 kph and waves over three meters, but as I stated earlier, it was almost seventy years old. I didn’t know if it could still manage. And if it couldn’t, we were going to have to rely on one of two outcomes—either we use the old foor imaging that got us there and hope for the best, or we fnd and neutralize the source of what was causing the hurricane. Likely a ritual, and a monumental undertaking at that. We opted for the former but prepped for the latter.**

**Angler brought his Vulkan and my drones in under the Commander deftly. He was good. The crew of the Commander had no idea we were even there. Things were going smoothly, but I knew that all was going to go out the window once the lead started fying.**

**This was a big, expensive ship, and it had all the good toys. I needed to see what we were working with; that’s where my frst drone came in, a Lone Star Sea Eye. Once deployed, the mini drone gave me an aquatic overview of what we were dealing with. Unsurprisingly, the eye of the storm was completely calm compared to the calamity that surrounded us. Still, there was virtually no marine life, and the briny waters were turgid with upturned seabed. With that much noise, Angler and I hypothesized that the Commander rigger likely had the surface sensors on the hull turned way down, or if we were lucky, completely off. We tested our hypothesis by launching some debris at the hull with the Sea Eye’s tiny mechanical arm. No reaction.**

**Confdent I wasn’t sending my team to immediate death, I had them all suit up in black swimsuits. They exited into the drink while Angler and I did our rigger thing. I dispatched the rest of my submariner crew, four Triax Shallows Skiffs. While my team was busy positioning themselves for the infl,**

**I set to work on sabotaging the Commander. Triax Skiffs are remarkable small drones, strong enough to scrape the barnacles off the Commander’s hull, with articulated arms perfect for placing the small detonation packs around the propeller housing of the motor and the bilge pumps. Meanwhile, Cy-4 and Toggit both had my other drones on them to give them overwatch once they breached—personal favs of mine, Horizon Flying Eyes.**

**Team in place and charges set, we breached the Commander.**

**With my Flying Eyes blitzing around the Commander, I was able to take in a thorough view of what we were dealing with and relay it to my operators in the water. The security onboard the Commander was some of the heaviest I’d seen in my years in the shadows. Hired mercs by the looks of them. Yet there were some who stood distinctly apart from the rest—Chimera Agents. Worse still, my drones spotted a ritual circle on the stern with what was clearly a shaman of some kind. She was gesticulating wildly, her arms spread wide toward the sky. I didn’t have to be Awakened to make that connection.**

**Then we spotted our target, a balding, overweight slag in his forties living the high life on a reclining chair with some kind of libation. Drek looked like it had actual fruit in it. We’ll call him the politician.**

- **He is talking about it!**

- **Fructose**

- **Are you going to share with the rest of the class what’s going on in that skull of yours?**

- **0rkCE0**

**Politician paid the mercs no mind, and I knew then this extraction was all hostile. Sometimes, that’s just the way of things. This was the worst kind of extraction. The politician lived in his own bubble of ignorance. He would totally get himself and anyone near him killed just by being stupid. I could read it in his swaying pasty jowls. I relayed everything to my team so they knew what they were in for. We tried to make it as quiet as possible. Tried.**

**Sometimes there’s a glitch. There’s just no way around it. And so we did what we were trained to do—we adapted. Hotboy was spotted by a Chimera agent and had to put two in his faceplate.**

- **We’ve all been there.**

- **Hangfire**

- **Some of us are just better at it.**
