---
id: SSt-0015
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: "An Idiot\u2019s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 5: Shoot First, Shoot Often,\
  \ Shoot Until the Threat is GONE."
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **An Idiot’s Guide to Gunfighting: Lesson 5: Shoot First, Shoot Often, Shoot Until the Threat is GONE.**

**There’s a time in every battle when a point of no return is passed, and drek is about to go down and people are about to die. Do everything you can to not let that be you, and don’t wait for your enemy to get the frst shot of, because that may be all they need. Once it starts, don’t hold back, and don’t stop until threats are gone.**

- **I don’t know how many rounds it takes to win a gunfight, but I can tell you how many I used.**

- **Kane**

- **Don’t take this as an excuse for being an unthinking, ruthless killer. There is a time and place for that, sure, but sometimes (depending on the job), you can stop a threat by using less-thanlethal means. Sometimes, it’s preferable because body counts can bring heat you don’t want.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **Or sometimes you need to evacuate someone’s brain from their skull at 1.5 kilometers with a sniper rifle. Just saying.**

- **> Balladeer**

- **Sometimes you have the advantage in a fight, and sometimes you’re on the receiving end of a drek sandwich served with extra pain on the side. In a gunfight, you need to establish the initiative, set the engagement tempo, and fight like hell to maintain it until the threat is neutralized. But we don’t always get to choose where and when someone starts shooting at us. Should you find yourself in that kind of situation or disadvantage, extricate yourself from it post haste. You may not win the fight, but not being dead is still considered a victory.**

- **Fianchetto**
