---
id: SSt-0107
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Postmortem
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Postmortem**

**Digging into the death of Teddy’s team would have revealed there was an open contract on them. Chimera, the professional killers’ organization, accepted the job over a year ago, but the contract was not closed, because it required that the whole team be terminated. Half a million nuyen had been frozen on a job that was eighty percent done. Any one of us can understand their frustration.**

- **Yes, but not shooting at the runners who were not part of their contract.**

- **Ma’Fan**

- **No witnesses. Lucky for them that Chimera’s standards have slipped, which brings up another issue. I dispute the frustration remark. They agreed to the terms. They don’t get the luxury of dropping professionalism because they had to eat drek.**

- **Balladeer**

**Now, guess who paid Chimera for the job? No idea?**

- **Jason’s dad? This sounds so much like a bad telenovela. I half expect Alice, at the end of the story, to be comatose in hospital, with the reveal that her evil twin sister took her place and died at the end of the job (I’d binge-watch this show!).**

- **Netcat**

- **Nope, Jason’s father was a deadbeat, low-grade punk in the Ancients. He actually despises humans, which was why he took a sick pleasure paying Alice and other women for tricks, just to humiliate them. The runners, being thorough in their job, looked into the father and found him. He had no idea he had a kid, and they felt it was better that way.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**If you replied “their client” before reading this line, congrats! You are as paranoid as any good shadowrunner should be. Your chance at having any meaningful relationship with another metahuman is all but gone. However, you might survive in this world for another few years.**

**A year or so before this run took place, Mr. Smith was fghting a dangerous illness, all right. CFD. Fortunately for him, Celedyr came through with a treatment for the nasty nanite infection, and our rich old guy was suddenly cured. There was, of course, a steep price to pay. He forgot a lot about his life, and his restored personality was changed. He went from being a ruthless bastard who would sell his own mother to organleggers to a slightly less ruthless bastard who would feel sad about having sold his own mother to Tamanous.**

- **And people give a bad rep to CFD! Look at all the good it can bring!**

- **Plan 10**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**> Too soon. > Butch**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Guess what Mr. Smith forgot along the way? The fact that, in the midst of his battle against the disease, he became so worried for his health that he decided to build his own private organ bank, so that he could replace any of his organs too infected by nanites. Don’t consider medical science behind it, there was none. The guy was freaking out completely and was acting utterly erratic. Sadly, when you are flthy rich, people seldom tell you “no”. They nod and take the cash.**

- **And if they do refuse, the rich man simply continues until someone says “yes.”**

- **Cosmo**

**To ensure the organs would be highly compatible with his body, he opted to utilize his bastard daughter as one of the main donors. So, yes, he hired the runners to kidnap Alice in the frst place. Once the girl was delivered and chopped into pieces at his private clinic, the team became a liability (after all, his enemy, especially, the ones living his head, could decide to use their knowledge against him). That’s when he put out a contract on them that Chimera accepted.**

**Back to our topic, what did our runners do wrong? Not much, actually, their main mistake was to believe that because Mr. Smith was honest with them, there was no foul play. Frankly, this is a good team, way smarter than the one who got geeked by the bugs. I think they simply got a nearly lethal case of “compassion.” They fell for Mr. Smith’s desire to reconnect with his daughter and it made them lower their guard.**

- **This happens to the best among us.**

- **Picador**

- **Okay, this was fragging bleak. Tell me that, at least, something good came out of it, that the “nicer Mr. Smith” took care of his grandkid, for instance. Anything.**

- **Old Crow**

- **Buckle up for severe disappointment, old chap. The runners did not want to give Jason to his father (good call) and could not leave him to fend for himself on the street (good call too). They considered telling Mr. Smith about him, but they finally opted not to.**

**Why? Because they felt that the old man was fine grooming a young woman to take over his financial empire, but would have not really signed up to be the tired grandpa of an uneducated street urchin. I also think it was a good call.**

- **Then, however, they made the worst possible decision.**

- **Sim-Eon**

- **You are going to make us guess, right? I’ll play along: They took the kid in.**

**> Bull**

- **Bingo. Or Bull-Go, in this case.**

- **Sim-Eon**

- **Puns are the lowest form of humor.**

- **Bull**

- **Well, I’m not disappointed, I rather like this ending!**

- **Old Crow**
