---
id: SSt-0029
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'The Prime Rule: Recon'
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Prime Rule: Recon**

**The frst thing you need to know before you try sneaking around is who and what might be there to spot you. Use whatever skills and tools you have available to scout out your target area and make note of where the threats are. Everyone on a team of runners brings something to the table for this part. Hackers are particularly useful for locating and identifying electronic surveillance: cameras, motion sensors, frearms and cyberware scanners, drones, and sometimes even guards—if they’re running their ’ware in wireless mode. Most security forces are out in the open, and not even running silent. This works out well for them as a deterrent to anyone who might just want to stir up trouble, but it also plays right into our hands as runners by making them easy to spot and tag. For every handful of guards and sensors you can detect, expect there to be a few hidden ones as well. There’s almost always a shadow aspect of security, and in my experience the hidden cameras and sensors tend to be hardwired so they aren’t as vulnerable to people like me. Sometimes corpsec relies on setting their devices to run silent, as this rarely has a negative impact on their ability to function. As a hacker, you need to know what to look for. Keep your virtual eyes peeled, and don’t just accept what you see on frst—or even second—glance. The best security spiders have worked on the other side of the fence as hackers, and sometimes even shadowrunners, and you can bet they’ll be watching for you as well.**

**Riggers tend to have access to plenty of sensors, which are great for spotting physical security, especially other drones and vehicles. Mini and micro-drones are perfect for getting in position to observe your target location, and the sensor data can be passed along to everyone on your team who has an image link. Between cybereyes, contacts, glasses, goggles, and helmet visors, every sighted runner on your team should have that covered. Just keep in mind that anyone keeping an eye on the astral won’t have immediate access to that data. Something like an M-TOC is ideal for tracking and sharing data from multiple sensor sources, but you can make use of it without an expensive add-on like that. Coordinating data feeds is something the hacker on your team can do to make themselves useful when they aren’t busy breaching security, but anyone with a commlink and a halfway decent**

**familiarity with tech can help with this as well.**

**Hopefully, your team also includes someone who can go astral. Not all magicians can project—I’ve never met an adept who can—but almost all Awakened runners can at least take a peek without leaving their bodies. I like to think of the difference as VR mode for “astral projection” and AR mode for what they call “astral perception”, because I’m a mundane decker. Astral projection is great for gathering intel, but it’s also an easy way to tip off security if they have someone watching for astral intruders—and they almost always do. But fnding out where the warded areas are, whether or not there are astral security mages, Awakened critters, and spirits watching the place is worth taking that risk. Getting out of trouble in astral space is pretty easy, as long as you’re ready to split as soon as trouble spots you. There’s no black IC to link-lock you so you can’t jack out. Just be sure to make your initial astral scouting run a decent amount of time before your actual run, and the security forces aren’t likely to make too much of it. They will be on a heightened alert status immediately after spotting you snooping around, though. Besides watching for signs of astral security, a projecting scout can also spot mundane living corpsec—guards, wageslaves, and the like. If they’re good at astral scouting, they can also make out which ones are Awakened and which ones are cybered up. Astral perception can also be useful for spotting, but only when you’re already onsite. Another thing to keep in mind is that if you do happen to spot astral security mages or spirits on patrol, don’t rely on spells for sneaking around. An Invisibility spell can hide you from guards and sensors, but it makes you stand out in astral space as if you were waving a fashlight around.**

**Everyone else on the team who isn’t a hacker, rigger, or mage can contribute by using their eyes and ears, and also help keep tabs on sensor feeds. A team can catch what an individual might miss. Again, having an M-TOC really helps coordinate and share information like this, but you can manage without one as long as everyone has a commlink and something with an image link. Ideally at least one person on your team should have an ultrasound sensor, as those are the best way to spot motion detectors. Thermographic vision covers the infrared spectrum, so it should help you spot laser sensors—rarely used outside high-security areas. Keep tabs on the guards you can see, and watch for signs of hidden sensors or stealthier security measures. Another thing to keep in mind is that you won’t always be going after corps with obvious security. Gang hideouts, organized crime sites, and creepy magical groups all tend to keep their security presence out of sight to avoid drawing attention. Just because you don’t see an obvious security presence doesn’t mean that there isn’t anyone watching for you.**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**The biggest thing in your favor when it comes to spotting who and what you’ll need to sneak past is time. Sometimes a run requires you to move quickly—make sure to either charge a lot extra for these jobs or consider giving them a pass. If you’ve got a few days before you need to make a move on a place, that gives you much more time to observe their security forces, including things like patrol habits and shift changes. Guards don’t usually do their patrols on a blatantly repetitive schedule, but there tend to be patterns. Counting how many people and vehicles come and go can help you identify their numbers. And if they use critters or drones as part of their security measures, you should be able to get a good idea of how many there are and how they’re employed.**
