---
id: SSt-0076
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Watercraft
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Watercraft**

**In most parts of the world, your main vehicle is going to be a car, truck, or van. There are plenty of places where the work involves traversing water, whether that means oceans, lakes, rivers, swamps, bayous, or whatever. It’s possible to set up a ground vehicle with a secondary propulsion system, but they don’t tend to make the best boats for longer trips. They key term for such a modifcation is “secondary”—and it’s best used as a backup or an added option rather than a plan A. If you’re doing regular runs in such a place—especially smuggling runs— it’s useful to have a boat or hovercraft as your primary vehicle. I don’t have a lot of experience with watercraft, but it’s probably way more experience than anyone reading this is likely to have. If you’re a waterbug, you probably know more about this topic than I do, though. Chime in with shadowtalk if you have something useful to add. The frst thing I have to say about boats is that they’re expensive—I don’t really get why an Evo Waterking costs more than an Ares Roadmaster, for example. There’s a lot more tech involved in most ground vehicle designs than boats, so maybe the cost has more to do with the market than the cost of materials and construction. Whatever the reason, though, expect to**

- **Clockwork makes an important point at the end there—different boats are better suited to different waters, so make sure you know the environment where you’re going to use them. On open waters, you want good top speed, because in any sort of**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**chase situation, all parties are likely to go full throttle for an extended period, so you want your full throttle to be better than their full throttle. In a tight environment—say, Venice—you want acceleration, because you will stop and start a lot, and you will rarely reach your top speed.**

**> Sounder**

**> Somewhat related to this, think about how versatile you want or need your watercraft to be. Versatility is great, but a boat that can do a lot of things tends not to be great at any one of those things. A bowrider—like, say, the Otter—can be deployed in a number of ways, but it won’t be able to handle an oceanic storm like the Atlantic 28, even though in other situations, the Atlantic 28 is underpowered compared to the Otter. Know what you want your boat to do. > Dockhand#204**


**that the megacorps will always have aerial superiority, since they’re working with budgets many times larger than what even the most wealthy and wellequipped runner teams can muster. My advice for a would-be aircraft rigger who can’t afford an aircraft is to get started on the ground but make regular use of fying drones. The skills you learn piloting drone aircraft will mostly apply to fying larger aircraft—I know, it’s not exactly the same, but it’s close enough to get you started. Run with a team for a while, and look for an opportunity to steal yourself a VTOL. Eventually some of your target locations will have a chopper or a Venture parked onsite, and they’re a perfect way to make an exit. Just make sure you have a decent hacker on your team so they can help you take full control and disable the trackers that are certainly going to be in place. If this is your goal, make sure to have a hangar site ready to go just in case the opportunity comes up. And if your teammates insist on selling the thing afterward, it’s time to fy off and move to a new team—you’re moving up in the world, and you don’t need to hang on to people who are just going to hold you back.**
