---
id: SSt-0175
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: The Court Sentences You to ...
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Court Sentences You to ...**

**Not all crimes end in jail time, even for a shadowrunner. For minor crimes like vandalism, trespassing, or petty theft, it’s possible to get away with a fne or a period of probation. Some judges will try to give runners community service, but most runners I’ve met will argue their way into a different sentence to avoid damaging their egos.**

- **There are also cultural variations. In the NAN, governments often take a “restorative justice” approach based on ancestral traditions (including getting input from the community), with the goal of repairing broken bonds, rehabilitating the individual, and reintegrating them into the community.**

- **Mika**

- **Oh, is that why you don’t go home much?**

- **Ma’fan**

- **And miss our little spats? Never.**

- **Mika**

**If you end up going to jail, how long you spend there depends on a lot of factors. The most common reason someone gets stuck in jail is for a violent crime, whether it’s directed against a person (like assault) or violence in the course of a different crime (like waving a gun at someone during a robbery). The more violent the crime, the longer the sentence. Other factors include whether the defendant is a frst-time or repeat offender, previous sentences, support from the community, and whether the court believes the defendant poses a threat to public safety.**

- **Prison overcrowding is still a major issue in a lot of countries, which has its own effects how long someone’s in jail. Someone who was sentenced to five years might be let out in six months to make room for an inmate who’s more dangerous. That’s not even counting countries that have parole.**
