---
id: SSt-0006
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Running the Shadows
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Running the** Shadows

Shadowrunning is a messy business. Deniable assets hired by anonymous employers, more often with hidden agendas than not, are all too often seen as expendable. In the worst-case scenario, they are treated as dangerous loose ends who need to be cut off in order to complete a successful operation. Though there are some commonalities, every job comes with unique challenges and circumstances. As soon as you think you’ve got the biz all fi gured out, it changes on you. But there are some who not only succeed but thrive in this business. In addition to the wide range of specialty skills each runner brings to the table, an experienced runner also needs to be able to both plan well and learn to improvise. The old saying that a plan never survives contact with the enemy is never more true than on a shadowrun. Good planning is essential, but you need to be ready to adjust your plans or come up with new ones when the situation calls for it. I’ve been a fi xer in this business since the 2050s,

And so, here I am, once again stepping back into the shadows—this time to share my observations and experience putting together teams of shadowrunners and fi nding gainful employment for them that fi ts their skillsets and capabilities, hoping that those capabilities will be enough to see them through. This book is a guide for shadowrunners, an attempt to share as much information as possible about how to survive in the shadows. I called in a few old favors and contacted a wide range of shadowrunners who have survived in the biz longer than most to get them to write down some of the knowledge they carry in their heads. Each chapter here covers one of the major skillsets that are esYOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU DON'T KNOW // RUNNING THE SHADOWS


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**sential to a well-rounded team. While some of the info may include exaggerations, incomplete anecdotes, and questionable judgment, all of them have something useful to glean. Don’t just take what’s presented at face value, or look for the one perfect article that’s going to show you the correct path. Take in as much as you can, and see if you can put together a bigger picture of how things go down in the shadows. It just might help you survive. Use that to identify your own advantages so you can leverage them against your opponents’ weaknesses. Learn your weaknesses as well, so you can either tap someone else in to deal with that drek or avoid putting yourself into unfavorable situations.**
