---
id: SSt-0200
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Use a BBS
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Use a BBS**

**I don’t think I need to explain this much to JackPointers, as you all know the virtue of logging on to get to know your colleagues. This works a lot like recruiting based on word on the street— don’t leap to conclusions and do your due diligence. Spend some time getting to know the personalities on the board, because that will tell you a lot about how well you can trust what they say. Then, once you fnd someone you might want to work with, ask around for opinions. Ask the people who seem like they like your target, and ask people who don’t like them. Get as many sides as possible. Double-check some of the stories they tell against news and police sources (I’m certainly not saying the police sources are more likely to be accurate than what the runners say, but you should be able to get an impression of what the cops think about a particular runner’s work). Then reach out and see what you can work out!**

**> Also be aware of the general vibe of each BBS. JackPoint, for example, tends to be on the more professional side, so while the posters there are generally quite competent, they (we) tend to not be cheap and often are booked. The Denver Nexus is more open and freewheeling, but you can’t be as confident that some rando you meet there knows what they’re doing.**

**> Balladeer**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
