---
id: SSt-0094
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Forgotten Chapter - The Briefing
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Forgotten Chapter**

## **The Briefing**

**A few weeks before all the madness with the bugs in Detroit went down (back in the summer of ’80), a runner team was contacted for a job by a Mr. Johnson they’d never worked for before. Their fxer vouched for him, so they headed to the meet. There, they were approached by an elegant and professional-looking dwarf, who asked them to investigate the disappearance of one of Ares’ lowgrade muckrakers.**

**Named Harold Fitzgerald, the guy was doing some sort of puff pieces in Detroit for NBS (an Ares subsidiary). You know, the kind of propaganda, BS trid clips on how everybody loved the AAA there and how they proudly wore their red cap with a drek Ares slogan on it, and how much they felt “safer” thanks to the Ares Corporate Military Forces (ACMF) turning their city into a police state.**

**For some reason, this reporter appeared to have gone off the rails and eventually went AWOL. After a few interviews in Detroit, he discreetly left Motor City, his corporate masters none the wiser, and headed to the ghost town of Park Falls, Wisconsin, a few days before. Somehow, the runner’s client, the fancy dwarf, already found that out, while NBS was under the impression Fitzgerald was still doing his job in Motor City and was just late for his last submission.**

- **Sim-Eon, kindly, does not want to share any details about the runners’ team. Just know that they were not beginners or gangers-who-believe-they-are-shadowrunners. They were neither top tier nor prime runners, far from it, but they were not complete idiots.**

- **This is the cautionary part of this tale. This is not the Darwin**

- **Awards, Shadows Edition. Those guys could have easily been you and your teammates.**

- **Bull**
