---
id: SSt-0049
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Interrogation - Posted by: Anonymous'
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Interrogation**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Posted by: Anonymous**

**In this biz, it’s only a matter of time before you’re going to have to get someone who would rather not tell you what you need to know to spill it anyway. It’s a tricky situation to be in—how do you get them to talk, and how can you be sure that what they’re telling you isn’t just whatever they think will make you leave them alone? Your approach to this depends on the circumstances: who knows—or is likely to know—what you need to fnd out, how badly do they want to keep their secrets, how easy is it going to be to get to them, what do they want, and who stands to lose out if they give up the data? There might be other factors to consider, but these are the ones that they’ll all have in common. I’m going to give you a few ideas on how to go about this messy side of the business without getting too messy—that is, without resorting to pulling fngernails and breaking kneecaps. Plenty of idiots consider torture to be the way to go when it comes to interrogating an unwilling subject, and I’m here to tell you that those idiots are dead wrong.**

- **Wonderful. What a waste of time. Why’d we get a softie to give advice about this topic?**

- **Clockwork**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 241] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 377] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 377] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 138] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 138] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 388] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 388] intentionally omitted \<==**

**careful you think you are when it comes to grabbing someone discreetly and hiding your identity, you can bet that some very motivated parties are going to be looking into your misdeeds. Whether you catch and release or make the unfortunate chummer disappear, you’re going to be making enemies. Sooner or later, it’s going to catch up to you and mess up your day.**

**Let’s start by getting the subject of torture out of the way, and why it’s such a terrible idea. The frst reason why you should avoid this method is because it’s awful. Unless you’re a sociopath, a toxic mage, or some other form of soulless monster, it’s going to mess you up. I know, we all want to think of ourselves as hardened runners who can handle anything, but breaking someone by inficting pain on them hurts you—not as badly as it hurts them, but it will give you nightmares and make it hard for you to look at yourself in the mirror. Trust me. I don’t want to admit it, but I’ve worked a job or two with a team that went this route. I hated myself for it, and I messed up some good relationships because it sent me to a dark place. In the moment, I told myself it was what needed to be done, and that I could harden myself to handle it. I was wrong on both counts. For most of you reading this, this reason should be enough to convince you to use other methods. But for those of you who need more convincing, I’ve got plenty more.**

**The third reason is that it’s a lot of trouble to go about torturing people—you need a special isolated place to do it, you need to cover your tracks more carefully than most runners have the skills and resources to pull off, and you’re going to need to devote part of your team to watching over your subject while you verify the information they give up. It takes a lot of time to really break someone, and you probably don’t have that much time on a run. Even some of the more cowardly people are going to hold out hope for days at least, but most are going to take weeks to break down to the point where they give up completely. In the meantime, you have to keep them alive, guard against escape, and make sure no one else tracks them down. It’s just not worth the time and effort.**

**The second reason to avoid torture is that torturing someone has consequences that are going to bring you more trouble than the information you’re looking for is worth. People don’t like being tortured, and people really don’t like it when their friends get tortured. Your target doesn’t live in a vacuum—they know people and are likely attached to an organization or community that cares about what happened to them. No matter how**

**The fourth reason is that torture results are unreliable. When you resort to this, your subject is going to eventually tell you things. But they’re going to do it out of fear, likely mixed with hatred and spite. If they don’t know what you think they know, they’re probably going to make some-**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**thing up to appease you. If they do have the answers you’re looking for, they now have some very strong reasons to set you on a false trail—especially if telling you is going to put other people they either care about or fear in your sights. And if their will hasn’t completely broken down, they are very motivated to see you suffer rather than proft from what you’ve done to them. They might just give you false intel to make things harder on you, even if that means you’re going to come back harder on them. Having opponents, enemies, and other antagonists is one thing, but making someone hate you is a whole other level. There are few quicker ways to make someone wish for your downfall than by resorting to torture.**

- **Once, I was captured on a run by some real bad people. They did some painful things to me, and I was quick to tell them what they wanted to know. Too bad for them I was able to give them a location the rest of my team would be watching carefully. It led them right into a trap, and my team was able to come find me after.**

- **Picador**

**The ffth and fnal reason I’m going to give— though I can think of many others, I’d rather spend my time giving you better tools and techniques than telling you what not to do—is that your rep is going to suffer. No matter how badass you think it might make you look, not many people want to be associated with someone who has a rep for torturing people. You’ll fnd it harder to fnd work, your contacts will start avoiding you, and other runners won’t want to work with you—both because they don’t want your bad rep sticking to them, and because they don’t want to be involved in your kind of biz.**

- **That’s a bunch of bulldrek. No one cares how mean you are on a shadowrun—if anything, it helps to establish that you aren’t someone to be fragged with!**

- **Clockwork**

**Okay, now that we got that out of the way, let’s get to the good stuff. How do you get someone to talk? Well, the frst thing you’re going to need to do is put together a dossier—a fle with everything you can fnd out about the subject. Who are they, what do they do, where do they hang out, who do they know, and most importantly, what do they want? It’s probably ideal not to let them fnd out you’re asking around about them, so be discreet. Most of what you need to fnd out will be out there on the Matrix, especially if they’re a SINner. Check in with your contacts, especially fxers, information brokers, and people who swim in the same circles as your subject. Failing that, do a little classic legwork and recon. Follow them around, ideally from a distance or using hacked cameras and drones, and see what you can fnd out. With**

**this information you should be ready to pick a time and place to interact with them, have a few conversation points ready to go, and be prepared to motivate them by providing—or at least suggesting that you can provide—what they want in exchange for the information you’re looking for.**

**For some subjects, it might be easiest to bump into them at their favorite bar or restaurant. If you can fnd out their hobbies or entertainment preferences, you might be able to meet up with them under the pretense of sharing that hobby or interest. If they’re all business, arrange for an appointment with them in their offce or other place of work. Start with an icebreaker—most likely a lie, but keep it simple. The more of a story you spin, the more chances it will start to sound like a lie (and the more fake details you’ll have to remember). All you need to do is get their attention and start a conversation. Don’t get too impatient by focusing on the info you want just yet. Your goal here is to get them talking, and the best way to do that is to encourage them to talk about themselves. Ask questions about them and listen to what they say. Look for more opportunities to ask more questions. People love to talk about themselves, and they also tend to enjoy having someone listen to them. I can’t tell you how many times this has been all I’ve needed to do to get my intel. There’s a good chance that whatever is important enough to involve shadowrunners is going to be on their mind, and they might just let slip something useful about it. Sometimes you just get lucky, and they give it up without realizing what they’re doing. If not, well, hopefully you’ve got them warmed up to you a little.**

**Once you’ve got the conversation going, at some point it will be time to ask them for what you need to know. Don’t overcomplicate this part by spinning a big story around why you’re asking, or by masking the question as something else—just come right out and request it. They’ll probably ask you why you need to know the answer, so be ready to answer that. Usually, I just tell them that I’ve been hired to look into the matter and leave it at that, but sometimes you need to lie at this point. Keep your lie simple, and base it off of your dossier on them or something they’ve said about themselves in the conversation you just had. If you’re a good listener and a creative face, you can probably make them believe that it’s in their best interests to share what they know. If they’re particularly egotistical, you might be able to goad them into telling you by getting them to show off. If they’re still reluctant to tell you, then it might be time to switch tactics.**

**If you were able to fnd out what your subject wants or is motivated by, your best option might be to offer a trade. Sometimes nuyen is all you need to grease the wheels, because everyone likes money—but if you fnd out they need something that money can’t easily buy, such as access to an exclu-**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**sive club, information they want, an introduction to one of your contacts, or illicit drugs or BTLs, these are even more likely to motivate your subject to trade with you. Another option is to offer your services as a favor—they might need something done, and having some shadowrunners willing to do the work could be a very nice boon. The main drawback to this is that you will probably have to accomplish the task before they give you the information, but it brings you the added beneft of bringing them closer into your confdence. Such an arrangement is a very effective means of gaining a new contact. If you know what your subject wants and are unable to provide it, you might be able to get what you need with a false promise or providing them with a counterfeit. This only works in short-term situations, as it will almost certainly make them unwilling to trust you in future encounters. But sometimes you need to do someone dirty to get a job done.**

- **I never thought of that as interrogation, but it makes sense the way they put it. Why capture someone when they can tell you everything over drinks?**

- **Toto**

- **Sure, sometimes the best interrogations are the ones that just seem like conversations, and your target never realizes they were being grilled.**

- **Echo**

**On that note, there’s always blackmail or extortion. If you know your subject’s dirty secrets and who they especially don’t want them shared with, you might be able to convince them to give you what you want by threatening to expose them. Or you can always physically threaten them—sometimes a gun in the face is all you need to get them to talk, but there are plenty of more creative options like having your team’s hacker explain what they can do to them by creating false posts or fles on the Matrix. If your target is involved in organized crime, they might be very resistant to most interrogation methods—but if you can convince them that you can reliably make it look like they’re working with the law or a rival organization, it might just loosen their lips.**

**What I don’t recommend doing is threatening the subject’s family, as this will make them hate you immediately—and they just might hire someone to off you in order to keep their family safe. Keep it personal and short-term if you can—you want them to be motivated to get you to leave them alone, but if they think that you might still be on their case even if they answer your questions, they might just decide to clam up.**

- **Be very careful about who you blackmail. Some people freak out or fold and are willing to give you what you ask for to get out of trouble, but others can be very vindictive. Our team once**

**blackmailed a mid-level manager as part of a job and forgot all about him afterward. Two years later, a couple of us got geeked out of nowhere—turns out this corp boy had saved up all his nuyen to hire a professional assassin to get revenge. > Fast Eddie**

**If you can’t get your subject to willingly tell you what you need them to, it might be necessary to capture and interrogate them. This should be a last resort, as it carries the most risk and effort, as well as some of the same drawbacks as resorting to torture. However, sometimes it’s the only way to fnd out what you need to know. As a side note, whenever you get into a frefght on the job, do your best to take at least some of them down using nonlethal means. Not only is it easier on your conscience and rep than killing everyone you go up against, it gives you the option to interrogate your opponents after the fght.**

**Whether you snagged an unwilling snitch or are interrogating the losing side of a combat, there are a few tools that make the interrogation process quick and reliable.**

- **Finally we’re getting to something useful!**

- **> Clockwork**

**Magic can be very useful when it comes to getting someone to talk. Even if you’ve got a mage on your team with the right spells, I still recommend starting with the conversation method. You might just get what you need without introducing the risk of upsetting them (or security) by using magic on them. If it doesn’t work out, well, you’re probably already in a good position to cast a spell. Analyze Truth is one of the more subtle options, but it can be very useful to know whether or not your subject is lying to you. Mind Probe is more invasive, but if successful it can be the most reliable option. The drawbacks are that it doesn’t work so well against strong-willed individuals, and afterward they’re most likely going to be aware of the intrusion. Decrease Willpower can be useful for lowering the subject’s will, making them an easier target for other spells as well as removing their inhibitions against sharing what they know. Illusion magic such as Mask might allow you to trick the subject that you’re someone they should be sharing their secrets with. For that matter, Clairaudience or Invisibility might give you the opportunity to fnd out what you need to know by eavesdropping. Lastly, Control Thoughts can force someone to answer your questions. If you’re subtle and clever about guiding the conversation, they might not even realize that they were manipulated by magic into telling you, but most likely using this spell will be considered a hostile act. Another option is to use a summoned kindred spirit—they have a natural ability known as Infuence that is similar in effect to Control Thoughts.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**When it comes to hardline interrogations, my favorite tools are drugs and toxins. They’re fairly inexpensive, and relatively quick and reliable. Gamma-scopolamine is perfect for most subjects. Once you dose someone with this, they become paralyzed for an hour—after that, the truth-serum effect kicks in, and it makes them much more likely to answer your questions. At this point, you can fairly easily trick them into thinking you’re someone they should be talking to, offer them what they want in exchange for information, or threaten them with blackmail or extortion. A quicker and less reliable option is neuro-stun VIII, as it’s usually not strong enough to knock someone out but puts them in a dazed state that makes it easier to manipulate them. If you’ve got quite a few hours to spare, one of the most effective interrogation drugs is novacoke. You’ll need to wait for the crash, which for some people takes as much as nine hours, but after that they are putty in your hands. If you’re going with a subtler conversation-based approach, alcohol or bliss might be enough to get your subject in the mood to share.**

- **And here I thought you were squeamish!**

- **Clockwork**

- **They may try to be as ethical as possible, but they’re also pragmatic.**

- **Rogers**

**My favorite drug to use when it comes to interrogations is laés, though it’s very expensive and not at all easy to get my hands on. I make a point to keep some of this fancy elf-made concoction handy for very special occasions. It won’t help you fnd out what you need, but it does help you cover your tracks. You see, the effect of laés is thorough memory loss that applies to the most recent few hours—the exact amount of time may differ from one person to another, but it’s going to be at least two hours, and probably much more. This allows you to freely interrogate someone, fnd out what they know, and release them without them knowing who grabbed them, why, or what they gave up. I’d much rather dose someone with laés than sit on them until the run is over or geek them**

**to keep them quiet. I’ve heard that some people use the stuff as a party drug, but I’ve never understood the appeal. It’s an incredibly useful drug for shadowruns, and I recommend you keep some on hand. You never know when you’ll need someone to forget they ever saw or spoke to you. Just make sure to wait until after the interrogation to give it to them, because no means known to metahumans or spirits can bring back the memories it erases.**

- **Right, like you can find laés on every street corner. It’s made from a special plant that grows in Tír Tairngire, and those elves are very restrictive about exporting it.**

- **Taurus**

- **Hard to find and expensive, but sometimes worth it. And it’s not as rare as you might think. All you need is the right contact and plenty of nuyen.**

- **Zoe**

- **Yeah, expensive and hard to find = rare.**

- **Taurus**

**Of course, the most effective tactic overall for fnding out what a target knows is to combine magic and drugs. The Mind Probe spell works much more effectively against someone with a reduced will, so if you have access to a mage who can cast it and some willpower-reducing drugs or toxins, why not dose them up before you go searching through their mind? Of course, anything gleaned in such a way would be inadmissible in a court of law, and it’s an incredible invasion of privacy, but it’s far more ethical and effective than resorting to torture. This approach is akin to overkill, and I wouldn’t use it every time I need to get something out of someone, but in the right—or some would say wrong—circumstances, there’s no better way to get to the answers you need. And it’s mostly harmless, especially if you give them a dose of laés afterwards to erase the trauma caused by the experience.**

- **What a twisted sense of ethics. At first, I thought I hated this guy, but he’s definitely grown on me.**

- **Clockwork**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
THE LONG<br>GAME<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**


**the sleeve. Js are out for themselves, too, and everyone has a sense of enlightened self-interest at the end of the day. > Renard**
