---
id: SSt-0213
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Know What You Want
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Know What You Want**

**Let’s be honest—the vast majority of us didn’t come to this line of work because we’re great planners. We’re not working through a carefully developed career path. We fell in here accidentally, victims of circumstance or bad luck or direct malfeasance by someone else. Or maybe we were steered here by our lack of impulse control (hi, Kane!). Whether due to anger, a sense of vengeance, desperation, or greed, we have signifcant problems leaving well enough alone.**

**I can’t tell you the number of runners I know who have been undone by this. They complete a run, make a good score, and have the resources to lie low for a few months. But they don’t. They take a job when the heat is still on them, attract undue attention, and things blow up, leaving them arrested, wounded, or worse. They could not turn off whatever it was that drove them into the shadows, so they let it drive them past the point of caution.**

**One prime reason they couldn’t stay out of the shadows for a healthy period of time is they didn’t know how to want anything else. The thrill of the job, the satisfying of the vengeance, the pull of the anger, and so on, were all they knew.**

**If you’re going to avoid this hazard, you have to fgure out what you want. Why are you running? What do you want to get? There are a lot of possible answers to this question. It could be a family and a place in which to raise them. It could be building up a community that’s important to you. It could be bringing down a major enemy. It could be wanting to buy a castle, build a piranha-flled moat around it, install famethrowers at every pos-**

**sible entrance, and stage regular jousting tournaments in your massive courtyard.**

**> Yeah. That one. > Chainmaker**

**As long as you have some idea of what you want, that can guide your decisions. Whether you’re trying to take care of your family or building to the day when you can bring Aztechnology to its knees, how will your next job help you? If you put yourself at risk, are you also putting your goal at risk? Understanding what you want in the long term can make you smarter in the short term.**

**And look, no one moves toward a goal with consistent determination. While at least a part of me has wanted to be with Netcat for a while, I’ve done plenty of things to undermine that relationship, almost blowing it a couple of times. We’re all short-sided idiots occasionally. If you have some idea of what you’re moving toward, though, you can start to get there, even if you take the path of a weaving drunkard instead of traveling a straight line.**
