---
id: SSt-0119
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Think About Your Aura
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Think About Your Aura**

**Think that rock you’re squatting behind in the desert will conceal you? Maybe, but are you sure your aura isn’t poking over the edges? Or completely visible to a spirit hovering overhead? If you’re not sure, you’d better think about it.**

**In a relatively lifeless area like a tundra or desert, your aura might stick out like a road fare on a dark highway. It can be the easiest way to fnd someone out there—spirits move so quickly that they can sweep a large area in a short amount of time, and there are so few human-sized auras out there that they can zero in on one all too easily. If you’re thinking about hiding out in such an environment, make sure you consider this. Conversely, if you’re going to look for someone in a place like this, make sure you’re taking advantage of this fact. If you don’t have solid astral recon, you’re keeping a very powerful arm tied behind your back.**

**Not all hazardous areas are desolate of life— swamps and jungles, for example. Even toxic zones can have life, if a very different sort of life than we normally encounter. That can lead people in those zones to become complacent, believing that hiding from spirits, shamans, and mages will be relatively easy—since the area is so teeming with life, your aura will just blend in with the surroundings.**

**==> picture [17 x 155] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: SHOOT STRAIGHT<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 235] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 368] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 368] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 398] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The trouble with that thinking is that for the most part, we are not plants. It may take a little extra scrutiny to pick out a metahuman aura surrounded by plants and vines, but not** _**that**_ **much more effort. Don’t think you’re automatically hidden just because you jumped into the middle of a bush.**

**layers of different types of fabric. And plan them carefully. Moisture-wicking by the skin, breathable in the middle, waterproof on the outside. That doesn’t mean just have three layers—the middle might be two or three different layers to give you more pockets of air.**

**Even though these layers can be bulky and uncomfortable, don’t stop moving. Does your plan in the cold weather involve a long-term outdoor stakeout? Then your plan sucks. Rethink it. When you have to go out in the cold, keep moving until you’re someplace warm.**

**What do you do about it? Bring a conjurer and get some spirits to help hide you. It’s the frst rule of Sixth World survival: If there’s a weapon you’re worried about people using on you, get it for yourself.**

- **One counterpoint: If you were with a group and become separated, you might want to stay put for a while. You definitely don’t want you and your team wandering around and circling each other for a few hours.**

- **Jones is being a little glib here. If hiring a skilled conjurer were that easy, we’d all have one. Since you can’t always have a bunch of spirits at your disposal, you sometimes need other tools. Growing in popularity is the warp bubble drug, which gives you the temporary ability to have your aura blend in with your surroundings. Quick, efficient, and not the most addictive drug in the street pharmacy.**

- **2XS**

**Water is often not a problem in frozen environments, as once moisture falls, it freezes, so it stays in place for a while even if it doesn’t fall frequently. Remember, though, that you don’t want to just plop snow or ice into your mouth. That is directly chilling your insides, and your body will have to use precious resources to keep the interior warm. Melt the snow or ice frst, then drink it.**

- **Butch**

**With those generalities out of the way, let’s look at some details for specifc types of land.**
