---
id: SSt-0027
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Shade'
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Shade**

**you get drawn into anything resembling a longterm engagement, you will be overrun and overpowered by reinforcements** . **That’s not a matter of** if, but when. This is why one of the key marks of a professional team of runners with careers that last beyond a handful of operations is stealth.

**Stealth is one of the most important skillsets you can possess as a shadowrunner** . **Why else** would we call it running the shadows? We’re the people who get things done under the radar, without bringing attention or heat down on ourselves and the people who hire us. Most shadowruns require operating outside of the normal boundaries of accepted practices, and in these cases, drawing the attention of the authorities invalidates the objectives we are expected to accomplish. Sometimes, you need to go loud to get the work done, but this is the exception rather than the rule. Firefi ghts, explosions, and running gun battles make for good trid, but they also are the quickest way for a runner to enter the market for agricultural real estate. Not only are stealth, obfuscation, and misdirection often critical to completing a job, they are also critical for surviving one. The megacorps and security forces can bring to bear far more personnel and resources than even the most seasoned and wellequipped runner teams. You might be able to take on whatever security happens to be present, but if

To some, it might seem that stealth is just knowing how to move quietly and stay hidden, but that’s just one aspect. I like to think of stealth as a skillset rather than a single skill, as it depends on a variety of techniques and activities. Hiding and moving unseen are a key aspect, of course, but so are misdirection, obfuscation, precise timing, hacking, blending in, legwork, reliable comms, and planning for those contingencies you can’t fully anticipate. In this article, I’ll cover all of these aspects of staying in the shadows.
