---
id: SSt-0055
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Smooth Extricator - Posted By: Serapion'
page: 67
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Smooth Extricator**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Posted By: Serapion**

**Ever heard of the Brethren? No? What I can guarantee is you’ve heard of our work. You may not recognize us by individual names, but our actions speak so much louder than our words. And that’s not ego talking,** _**omae**_ **.**

**The Brethren do only one thing in these shadows, and we do it with the precision of a sculptor working marble. We’re extractors. Pick your poison on willing or unwilling, but if someone really wants to pull you from your current digs, and they’re paying enough, chances are it’s my crew that’s going to oust you. But seeing as this post is for shadow-types such as myself, I’m here to give you some snatches of intel on how to pull the best in-and-out work with a plus-one. The way I’ve been asked to do that is by breaking down some of the most unique ops the team has pulled over the years. From there, you dissect everything we did right, and some of the things we did wrong. Learn from our ops so yours can be crystal—feel me, chummer?**

**All right … a smidgen of background music, and then we can begin. Name’s Serapion, and I’m the crew’s rigger and tactician. Sweet rides and tricked-out combat drones aren’t really my speed. I’m the eyes and the ears of the op. Can’t always count on security cameras, cyberspace, and deckers to be the see-all, be-all. Don’t get me wrong, they’re all great, but what if the target you need to delta is out in the middle of the Bering Sea? Decker gonna hack a satellite and try and reposition it without anyone noticing? Sure, it’s doable, but chances are someone will get savvy and then it’s either, “Smile you’re on camera,” or you’re staring at the fash coming from a muzzle—two situations that compact, portable little eyes can help you avoid. Oh, and not that this matters much in the least, but the name Serapion comes from me being a troll, so take that as you will. Let the class begin.**
