---
id: SSt-0118
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Take Moisture Seriously
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Take Moisture Seriously**

**One commonality in a range of extreme environments is you need to think about water. The difference between these spots is** _**how**_ **you think about it.**

**For example, let’s talk about sweat for a second. Sweat is your enemy in the cold. If you overdress or put your layers on before you go outside, your sweat could quite possibly kill you. It breaks down the insulation of your layers, so some of the protection you’re relying on goes away. That’s a problem.**

**The situation is a little different in the heat. There are times you defnitely need to sweat, because you don’t want your brain to fry. But every drop of sweat you produce is moisture leaving your body, and you’re going to need that moisture sooner or later. So, as in cold conditions, you often want to avoid sweating, especially if you’re not sure where your next re-supply of water will come from.**

**In swampy or undersea environments, you don’t have to worry about where water is going to come from, but you sure have to be concerned about where it is going to go (also, if it’s saltwater, you very much have to not use it for drinking, but I’m going to assume you can rig up an evaporation/condensation system for water if you need one). Water will fnd any opening you have, and it won’t take long. And don’t think half-measures**

**will get you by as long as you’re careful about not submersing anything. I’ve seen a lot of people take a commlink or other piece of electronic gear into a wetland, thinking if they just keep it above the waterline, they’ll be fne, but that doesn’t happen. Water splashes, water gets into the bottom of your boat, whatever. When you go into these environments, just assume** _**everything**_ **will get wet, and prepare accordingly.**

- **Humidity is also something you should keep in mind for your devices. By itself, the moisture in the air will only have a slow corrosive effect, but watch out for condensation. If you’re sitting in your air-conditioned hotel room where everything has been nicely chilled, and then you suddenly walk out into air that’s over thirty degrees and holding an ocean’s worth of moisture, droplets could easily condense on (and in) your device and render it useless.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **On the plus side, it’s a nice little way to frustrate hackers who might be causing you problems if you have no Matrix skills on your team. If it’s humid, a nice cold spell in the right place could either break a cyberdeck outright or condense enough moisture in it that it short-circuits.**

- **Jimmy No**

- **Great ghost, the things you people will do to avoid hiring Matrix overwatch …**

- **Slamm-0!**
