---
id: SSt-0034
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: Stealth Gadgets
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Stealth Gadgets**

**I’m a tech guy, so I love my gadgets. Throughout this post, I’ve given a few recommendations for useful tech for being stealthy, but I fgured a dedicated section with some gear tips was also warranted. Some of these are recommendations for what to get, and some are warnings for what not to waste your nuyen on.**

**When it comes to clothing, having the right gear can help you blend in—or make you stand out. Sometimes this means using electrochromic fabrics, programmable camoufage, ruthenium polymer, or low-tech camo to help you blend in with your surroundings. Sometimes it means having a uniform**

**handy so that no one questions why you’re wandering in a maintenance area. In social situations, camoufage might mean making the right fashion choices. If you’re going to be hobnobbing with upper-class targets, be aware that they will judge you by what you wear. Sometimes spending your nuyen on the right gear means shopping for shoes or a handbag. I know it seems overpriced, and that’s an intentional barrier the upper class put in place to make it harder for their “lessers” to move up or blend in.**

- **Remember that it’s not just the style, it’s the fit. If you go steal someone else’s fancy Nightshade dress and then try to wear it without having it tailored to your body, you’re going to have trouble passing. Fancy fabric won’t get you anywhere if it doesn’t look like it belongs on you.**

**> Turbo Bunny**

- **Conversely, if you can tailor things with the right flair, you can get away with cheaper fabric. I’m not saying the right cut will let you wear cheap polyester down the red carpet, but it can go a long way to making you look right without spending huge amounts of nuyen.**

**> Elijah**

**Something I’d recommend you avoid using are maglock sequencers and passkeys. They’re expensive and unreliable. Unless you’re using them against cheap, low-grade security locks, they’re just as likely to set off an alarm as they are to let you through. Don’t waste your nuyen, and don’t take the risk. If you’ve got a hacker on your team, they should be able to deal with any electronic locks. If not, get yourself a kit and learn how to work around them yourself.**

**Grapple guns are very useful for getting up into places you aren’t meant to go, and people tend not to look up when they are keeping an eye out for unwelcome company. Spend the extra nuyen on stealth lines and a catalyst stick so you can dissolve your grapple lines after you use them. Taking the extra time to wind your lines back in doesn’t seem like much, but it can get you spotted. Stealth lines are cheap, and being able to buy time on a run is a wonderful luxury worth purchasing.**

**Silencers and suppressors are a must for runners. Until the opposition starts shooting loud weapons at your team, you should be using these. If you really need a gas vent for full rock and roll, just make sure to carry a spare silenced weapon to use until the party starts. The Ingram Smartgun is great for this, as it manages to work in a suppressor as well as a gas-vent system. Not sure how they do it, but it works. My preferred longarm is the Yamaha Raiden, mainly because of how quiet it is—unless I’m using the underbarrel grenade launcher, that is.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
