---
id: SSt-0093
source: Shoot Straight
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Sim-Eon - Cautionary Tales'
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Sim-Eon**

## **Cautionary** Tales

- Maybe I’m getting old and biased against younglings, but I have a feeling that a lot of new runners forget that proper legwork and intel are essential parts of this business. Often I ask one of these new teams: “So, what do you think really happened during this run?” and they simply shrug and move to the next one. It’s reckless.

I think stories from the fi eld speak louder than anything else. In order to make my point here, I’m going to tell you about a few horror story missions that went particularly bad. Of course, these runs are a bit old, both because it generally takes a few years before all the ins and outs of a job can be known (or at least known enough), and because I don’t want to compromise anyone involved in them. You’ll note that these jobs also fi t into a larger scheme that may not have been entirely obvious at the time, which is another reason why understanding what’s happening matters. Without any further ado …

As runners, we need to understand what’s happening, to fill the gaps, otherwise we’re blind lambs to the slaughter.

I knew that Sim-Eon would wholeheartedly agree with me, so I asked him to write up this document. However, he took an unexpected angle on the topic. To make the case, he decided to share some stories that truly demonstrate why we need to “fill the gaps.”

**>** Bull



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
