---
id: SW-0667
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Power of Life and Death
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Power of Life and Death

We do things in the shadows that some of us would rather forget. Every time we tac up or strap in we hold the power of life and death in our hands, and if all goes smoothly we never have to even consider using it. The principle applies to wetwork, too.

- How does wetwork not result in killing?

- Whippet

- When you only kill your target, and no one else.

- Balladeer

- Bunch of bleeding hearts.

**>** Clockwork

When it comes to magic, there’s more to it than just lives and deaths. There’s actual power. Real tangible power we can wield—if we know how. We each focus our magic through our personal paradigm, and what’s important to us plays a role in that paradigm. That’s why the intent of a magical act can, and often does, impact the outcome— and vitally for us, the flavor of the signature that use of magic leaves behind.

The blood magic that I’ve used a handful of times over the years (yes, I’m speaking from firsthand experience here) allows me to take that intent and shove it into my paradigm. I still get the power I need for that do-or-die moment, but I don’t run the risk of staining my aura. I’ve heard many terms for it, but I still call it what I was taught: life magic. When I use my own life to empower my magic, when the consequences of failure are so terrible that I would rather bleed myself dry than allow it to happen if I can help it, my sense of self—filtered through my intentions—enables me

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

THEto (almost) freely tap into the power within my blood and achieve my goals. Now, I’m not saying we each need to be pure of heart and as virtuous as the driven snow, because I don’t believe anyone in this world comes close to that ideal. But in the moment, if your heart is prepared to bleed for your cause, you can use that.

The other side of blood magic, the side we all think of initially, is what I know as death magic. It and life magic are different sides of the same coin; and you cannot know one without the other. But here’s the rub: Many people who learn to use the power of blood do so for the wrong reasons. To them, it’s a quick route to greater power. And that leads to a slippery slope from which there is no return: madness, a psychological need for that power in your hands, arrogance, seeing yourself as better and your fellow metahumans as cattle to be used as you see fit. In short, true damnation.
