---
id: SW-0668
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Life Magic is Not Free
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Life Magic is Not Free

Everything in this world has a price, and life magic is no different. Yes, you can, if the need is truly great and the results of failure are exceedingly dire, bleed to empower your magic. But it’s not quite that simple. First, the gruesome part—

life magic is done on yourself. Yes, you need to cut yourself and draw enough blood for it to flow from the wound. I use my hand razors or cyber fangs, but I’ve seen people use sharp rocks and all sorts of things. The point is, you need to deliberately cut yourself as part of using magic. I can already hear the soynut gallery saying it: “Well, I’ll just use a Heal spell!” Sorry omae, that just doesn’t work. The wounds inflicted when using blood magic of any kind are very similar to drain in that there is an arcanophysiological barrier preventing healing magic from restoring your body; it’s like the magic remembers and is all “no cheating me out of my kilo of flesh!” On the bright side, the wounds can be treated with medical technology—principally blood transfusions and IV saline and clotting agents (all of which are found in a medkit you can pick up at any PharmaFarm or Stuffer Shack), and of course resting. Sure, all that takes longer than a Heal spell, but if the drek hit the ventilator bad enough that you needed to bleed out the big guns, you’re likely going to need to use a medkit and rest a few days anyway.

The other risk that comes with life magic is addiction. It’s not as severe a risk as with death magic, but it’s still a risk. After all, it’s not unheard of for metahumans to become addicted to pain.



- Flagellants and other religious types have done so over the years. And then there are those who use pain as a sexual stimulant.

**>** Butch

But even if pain doesn’t do anything for you personally, the rush of power can. It’s not unlike focus addiction in many ways; just as a plethora of foci can become a crutch (top tip: don’t let that happen), so can the rush of power that comes from tapping into your veins.

**>** I have to ask Canis, have you …

**>** Bull

- No, chummer, I’ve never become addicted to blood magic. I took the words of my teacher to heart, and my mates won’t let me go down that path. And ghost knows what they’d do to me if I even dreamed of using death magic.

**>** Canis

As with anything that is habit-forming, minimal exposure is the key. In the years I’ve known the sacrifice metamagic, I can count on one hand the number of times I’ve used it. But it is a tool I keep hold of because it’s useful. In the right situation.
