---
id: SW-0217
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: punishment pain
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## punishment pain

Shadowrun is a dark world. Binding a spirit to your will is easily viewed as an act of enslavement. This wrongness can be seen even though others hand over control in this world as well (wageslaves are called such for a reason). The thing about placing a free spirit under your command is that they are unique and majestic beings, with a strong will and sense of independence. They don’t bend easily to their controller’s will. Some dark souls find it useful to bring them to heel through painful use of their true name. With the true name of a free spirit, a simple mental command, and a heart as dark as a lump of coal sitting a hundred meters underground, an individual can intentionally inflict pain on a free spirit. A simple Willpower test inflicts the spirit with a wound modifier equal to the number of hits. This can be followed by a Charisma + Intimidation vs. Composure (Willpower + Charisma) Opposed test between controller and spirit. Failure indicates submission.

Any use of this technique immediately drops a summoner’s Astral Reputation (see p. 64) by five. This is cruelty in its purest form, but many still believe this is the way to control.

any other spirit (p. 147, _SR6_ ). Most free spirits are unbound and owe no services that can be banished away, so instead, each net hit the banisher receives on a Conjuring + Magic vs. Force x 2 test reduces the spirit’s Edge attribute (though bound free spirits add their Edge and services together). A free spirit whose Edge is reduced to zero in this way is temporarily disrupted and vanishes to its native metaplane. It may return when its Edge replenishes at the next new moon.

Sometimes the goal of banishing is a permanent solution, and there is one. A free spirit that has been banished can be prevented from ever returning if the banisher immediately destroys a copy of the spirit formula and succeeds in an Opposed test between their Conjuring + Willpower and the spirit’s Force + Edge. The results of this test are best kept secret, as there’s no way to tell whether this succeeded or not, unless or until the spirit later returns. An uncertain banisher may repeat the process, but another copy of the spirit formula is required for each attempt.
