---
id: SW-0492
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Chaos Magic
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Chaos Magic

This one gets complicated. Chaos magic is a broad category that breaks from the hermetic tradition in a few notable ways, namely that it tends to be a lot more open-minded when it comes to taking bits and pieces of other traditions outside of the rather rigid structure of hermetic practice. A particular variant of Hermeticism that relies on a “Unified Magical Theory” is often said to have drawn heavily from the practices and beliefs of Chaos magic, or at least have developed along the same lines. So, what do they believe, exactly? Well, in Chaos Magic, magic is often viewed as a method of altering the code of reality—some take this phrase more literally than others. Reality itself is a code, a series of equations, and mages of this tradition put forward that when one casts a spell, it invariably alters that code to make the user’s will manifest, the way a hacker might exploit programs for the same reason. The more studied and regimented of Chaos magicians may be indistinguishable from their hermetic cousins at first blush, but some of their unorthodox methods tend to quickly make the difference clear.

Of course, there’s a more hands-on variant to Chaos Magic that doesn’t tend to get as much attention, often because it tends to be cobbled together by street mages learning whatever they can, wherever they can. This tends to be looked down on by their more traditionally taught brethren. But at the end of the day, the result is largely the same—a broad, scientifically rooted tradition not afraid to adopt whatever methods work to further itself, whether from techniques drawn from other traditions of magic or the application of technology.
