---
id: SW-0373
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Triggers
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Triggers

A collection of new triggers is added here along with a few adjustments and notes on the original three. They have their drain adjustment included in the title and the three triggers from _SR6_ (p. 150) are included, with a minor tweak to the Contact trigger. Some of the new triggers have additional reagent costs associated with them to represent the variety of different substances needed in the cre-

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

THEation process. This is a way to use money to track the effort of gathering strange things like firefly glands for the Light trigger. Gamemasters can add to this list with some of their own ideas if they want certain specific reagents to be more difficult to acquire or want an adventure built around finding certain items.

Each trigger requires a specific action to activate. Preparations with multiple triggers require multiple actions—all of the triggers need to go off for the item to activate. The highest single trigger adds to the drain value, but each additional trigger applied beyond the first allows for a reduction of 1 drain each time, with a maximum of 3 total triggers possible. Added drain from triggers must always be at least +1–additional triggers cannot make it lower than that.
