---
id: SW-0325
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Elemental Strike - (Element) - Cost: 0.5 PP - Activation: Minor Action'
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Elemental Strike

## (Element)

## **Cost:** 0.5 PP

## **Activation:** Minor Action

**Prerequisite:** Killing Hands (p. 157, _SR6_ )

An adept with Elemental Strike may infuse their unarmed attacks with raw elemental force, adding an elemental damage type (see Damage Types, p. 109, _SR6_ ). Activating the power and visibly wreathing your hand, foot, or other striking body part with power requires a Minor Action, after which it remains active for (Magic) rounds or until deactivated at will.

The power may be purchased multiple times, adding a new elemental option with each purchase, but only one elemental effect can be active per attack.

Damage is transferred at the rate of 1 box per Major Action, during which time physical contact must be maintained. Injuries can only be affected once with Empathic Healing (but using Empathic Healing does not count toward the limit of one Healing spell per injury).

_Example:_ The team’s face has Essence 6 and has received 8 boxes of Physical damage from a rifle shot. The adept makes contact, spends a Major Action, rolls Magic + Willpower, gets 4 hits, then adds +1 hit for the target’s high Essence for a total of 5 hits. Immediately upon rolling, the face is lowered to 7 boxes of Physical damage and the adept receives 1 box of (unsoakable) Stun. During the next Major Action dedicated to the process, the face is lowered to 6 damage, and the adept takes 1 level of (unsoakable) Physical damage. If contact is maintained and the power is used for the full duration, at the end of the process the face will still have 3 boxes of Physical damage, and the adept will have 4 boxes of Physical damage and 1 box of Stun.
