---
id: SW-0627
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Description
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Description

Not every person who Awakens is a rich hermetic in a corporate office or living a communal shamanistic lifestyle. Some are born in the Seattle Underground and want to develop their magical skills while protecting the people around them.

The Seattle Underground is starting to show the results of decades of hard work, but people who grew up there often grew up hard. There are other files that talk about the Underground itself, but today I want to talk about the Turgan Magnu, a group of mostly orks who were just beginning to Awaken without training, terrified of what they were going through, and feeling all alone in the darkness.

The good news is that, though the Underground didn’t have much in the way of resources, they had a lot of community, and people who thought about how to put things together. Many public meltdowns later, a few grandmothers metaphorically grabbed the ears of their grandkids and found an old garage for them to “sort out this magic stuff.” It didn’t work. A bunch of magically active kids were never going to suddenly turn into a smooth magical machine. Then some toxic spirits set up camp near a medical clinic, and once again the grandmothers dragged their kids out and said “no one else can deal with it.” Two people died, but the toxic spirits were destroyed. By the time a coven of vampire witches had set up near the main water supply pipes, the grandkids had a working model of how to deal with some magical threats. It’s amazing what some motivated grandmothers can do to advance the knowledge of magic. The grandmothers remain interested in what’s going on in the group to this day, and often offer “helpful advice” and “a few tips.” A blessing and a curse, it means that the group suffers a lot of well-meaning, but uninformed meddling, but it also means that whenever the Skraacha make noises about absorbing the Turgan Magnu, they first have to deal with a motivated group of grandmothers.

The Skraacha have been warned.



- I don’t get it—this bunch of tough ork wizkids gets pushed around by their grammas? They are Awakened! They don’t have to put up with this crap!

- River Fish

- It’s obvious you’ve never met a grandmother from the Underground.

- Bull
