---
id: SW-0686
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Hive Wars
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Hive Wars

In the years that followed, bugs may have become public knowledge, but the war against them took place in the shadows. The average salaryman didn’t want to think about alien bug beings, not with corporate war on the horizon and every other ounce of weirdness they’d already been through. Chicago was, for most, far away, and the distant hive towers in Africa, Australia, and remote regions of Asia and the Amazon were someone else’s problem. Better to listen to the news and hear that Ares has successfully bagged another bughouse. Yay, Ares!

I won’t steal the glory of the Firewatch teams who cleared out the egg chambers, but the world will probably never know that runners like us were responsible for a lot of that success. From private investigators to mercenaries to vigilantes to plain old street scum shadow assets, we were the ones called in to find the missing people and magic the bugs had run off with. The rumor mill only further muddies the waters. Some wanted a piece of the glory or to tell a tall tale to stretch the shadow of their rep, while others wouldn’t know an invae if they saw one, and thought putting two in the head of a wyrd mantis or even a bug-like proto-changeling meant they were bughunters, now. Personally, I believe several groups of runners got inside the Octagon, the Seattle UB chapterhouse, before the breakout, and no one believed them. Street legends say the Emerald City Ripper was linked to the bugs, that classic simflick star Euphoria got snatched by them and _Against the Hive_ uses actual footage from the runners who tried to save her, that Renraku got taken for a ride with Project Hope, that Kyle Haeffner colluded with the bugs after his wife was turned into a queen, that Amber Gel was actually some kind of insect nectar to prime hosts for inhabitation, that the Fuchi Collapse was a cover for ousting the now-invested board, that the 2057 election had interference from wasp spirits, that _Donna_ Allegra Fuselli of the Calabrian N’drangheta is host to a Wasp or Ant Queen … the list goes on and on.

- Anybody ever notice Amber Gel was blue? Why even call it Amber Gel if you’re going to make it blue?

**>** Bung

- I’m never going to believe that Renraku didn’t know about the bugs when they teamed up with the UB for Project Hope. Turning all those homeless folks into drones … sounds just like them.

- Pistons

- Cut ’em a break. Aneki was calling the shots back then, and he was more interested in utopian corporate societies in arcologies led by mega-AIs.

- Renraku Fox

- One hive or another.

- Many-Names

- By any other name, eh?

- Bung

- Eh?

- Bung

- What, nobody?

- Bung

- No, we heard you.

- Netcat

- I didn’t miss you.

- Bull

- Yes you did. You all did.

- Bung

- More rumors said Dunklezahn had an idea what was coming and tipped off Knight. That or he straight up made him take action in exchange for his help with the Nanosecond Buyout.

- Mr Bonds

- Why do you think he was so ready with the Firewatch deployment? Or had the idea to buy the Aegis prototypes of weaponized FAB from Telestrian?

- MDG

- Now how did you know about that?

- Nightfire

- 2058 saw the Ares deployment of Strain 3 FAB (Beta or Delta, depending on your source) to combat the infestation in the Chicago Containment Zone. Of course, it didn’t really work as well as intended and not only lingered for years but killed off a lot of the ghouls taking shelter in Cabrini. The area’s astral is still fucked beyond belief, despite steady reclamation efforts.

- Hannibelle

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



In the time since, the bugs have never been able to gain another foothold like they had with the UB. The Brotherhood was a massive political and social station from which to gain unparalleled access to influence, resources, and hosts. Once they were outed, everyone had their eye out, and no few witch hunts took place, with people accusing one another of being bugs in disguise. It can be argued that they don’t have the advantage anymore, and they’re only able to take root in places of desperation and isolation, such as Kowloon Walled City or the Australian Outback. The odd attempt is made here and there to establish a new stealth front from which to operate in the open, but if any have taken root, they’ve stayed relatively quiet or have found ways to integrate in the open.

- In the open? How?

- Pistons

- Sometimes it’s an alliance of convenience, which is by far the greater share of reputable association. Consider the Desolation Angels. They (sometimes we) have a vested interest in hunting more aggressive and invasive invae, and our hosts are willing to offer themselves for a chance to strike against our shared enemy. Alternately, some breeds, like bees, have been known to make a show of symbiotic existence, but I stress it’s a show.

- **>** Praxis

- The lost and the desperate have been known to accept merging at the thought of a better life, but that’s a whole lotta loss and desperation. Kowloon, as they say, but also pockets in Chicago, just to name one more, where hunger and isolation led to a mythology of ascension rather than consumption. It’s lies, but a lie tastes better than nothing for some people.

- **>** Chainmaker

- Now we all get to choose how to feel about those people: disgust or pity?

- Kay St. Irregular

- Maybe what we do for those people is more important, hmmm?

- **>** Sunshine
