---
id: SW-0685
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Breakout
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Breakout

2055 was the year we lost Chicago. For me, it is a very personal loss. I grew up there, before the world you all knew existed. Standing in its ash and shadow, I still feel the echoes of what once was.

Forgive me. It’s hard to see what home has become. Chicago had seen more than its fair share of tragedy by that time. The Alamos 20K bombing of the Sears Tower, resulting in the Shattergrave hauntings, the unofficial rechristening of the Loop into the Noose, and the struggles of the Cabrini Green Ghoul Community under the leadership of the visionary Tamir Grey had lent the city an air of despair and struggle for a long time. The Brotherhood had taken root deep in that wound, and their numbers were significant. No one could have known the hive that was buried beneath the surface was the largest yet encountered in North America (perhaps the world), or that a massive effort to invest thousands of new bugs was currentlyin progress. The Ares Firewatch team sent to eradicate the megahive was unprepared for the opposition they would face. Insect spirits overwhelmed the troops, swarming out of the hive and across the city in a killing frenzy. Government reaction was simultaneously too much and too little—and regadless, too late. The UCAS Army established the Containment Zone around central Chicago, using barricades, weapon emplacements, and armed patrols to restrain the chaos. Ares forces trapped inside the zone finally wiped out a gathering of queens with a sub-tactical nuclear device, but the real damage was already done—and no degree of spin or influence could cover it up.

The world now knew about insect spirits.
