---
id: SW-0602
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Description
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Description

No one now knows who put Mana together— some forgotten Halloweener wiz, probably long ago chewed up and spat out by the barrens—but the idea has kept on. They are a group of street hermetics, urban shamans, and civil adepts who formed a loose support network on the streets, a group of Awakened people you can talk to. They help others feel not quite so alone on the streets, even if your gang is fighting another member’s gang. Gang leaders can be a bit touchy if their mage is hanging out with their rivals, but they know better than to mess with their wizzer. Mostly.

Being a member is a pretty good way of making sure the groups can get messages to each other as well—if you’re in Mana, you should always listen to someone else from Mana. That’s not to say rivalries and outright fighting and murder don’t happen—they do—but most of the time membership is enough of a hook that you can spit out what you have to say and have it listened to.

While most of Mana lives in the Redmond Barrens, the Los Angeles, Chicago, New York and Amarillo chapters are pretty well entrenched at this point. It’s mainly growing when two or three members happen to set up shop in a new city. It is really attractive for people who have no support to abruptly have a little.

- What, gangers get wizzer support now? Weak.

- River Fish

- I think it’s nice. It can get pretty lonely out in the rubble of the DMZ.

- ManaTwister



Local chapterhouses are normally not much more than pretty secure buildings that has a couple of different back doors. They are normally pretty well warded, though, and many have spirit guardians set up. Street shamans in the group are also pretty good at making friends with free spirits and Awakened animals—entities that often don’t like hanging around gang headquarters – and these can find a home in the chapterhouse. Given that there are not normally a lot of Awakened gangers and street people around, they often have arrangements with local talismongers, in which the gangers can bring any exotic magical animals that get in the way of the gang, and in return the talismonger slips some used foci or reagents to the ganger.

The main reason to join Mana is that the group will have your back if you are in a tight spot in the barrens. By the same token, members will be called on to help out other members from time to time. Members are expected to let each other know if they hear of any work that others might be interested in.
