---
id: SW-0348
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Activation: Passive'
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Activation:** Passive

Through uncanny reflexes and hand-eye coordination, an adept with Missile Parry has an extra layer of defense against non-explosive thrown and projectile weapons (to be clear, bullets count as explosive due to the way they are propelled). When being attacked in such a way, the adept may use the Block Minor Action (p. 41, _SR6_ ), allowing them to add their Close Combat skill to their Defense test, despite not being in melee. If the adept’s net hits on the Block test exceed the base damage of the projectile or throwing weapon, the adept may, at their discretion, catch the weapon instead of batting it out of the air.


## **Activation:** Passive

An adept with Nerve Strike is not only in tune with their own flow of internal mana, but also able to disrupt that flow of life energy in others by striking nerve clusters and other focal points where such mana pools. The adept declares the use of this power prior to making a Close Combat roll, then rolls (and the target defends) as normal. Instead of declaring damage after the attack and defense tests, the adept can lower the target’s Agility or Reaction (adept’s choice) by 1 per net hit. If the targeted attribute is reduced to a 0 or less, the target is paralyzed. Lost attribute points recover at the rate of 1 point per hour of rest. No Physical or Stun damage is done by the attack, regardless of any secondary effects that would normally occur (such as striking with a stun baton or making an unarmed attack with Elemental Strike empowered).

This power may be used against critters as well as metahumans but is useless against opponents without working nervous systems or biological life energy (drones, spirits, and the like).
