---
id: SW-0195
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: "A CONGRESS OF SPIRITS - The Spirit World Today - Posted by: Asiking n\u2019\
  O G\u2019lori"
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A CONGRESS OF SPIRITS

## The Spirit World Today

## Posted by: Asiking n’O G’lori

The world of spirits is not the same as it was just a few years ago. Shifts in the manasphere, the causes of which are still unknown, have altered some of our most basic understandings about the spirits that inhabit the Sixth World. Much like the shifts back in the ’50s and ’60s with UMT, which saw the core shift in hermetic and shamanic spirits, another subtle alteration in the dynamic is sliding into the realm of arcana. Spirits are growing in independence, and binding them to our world and our wills is becoming more challenging.

Their level of unity and knowledge about our world grows with each summoning, and we are learning that they remember the things they discover. They know how they and others of their kind are treated. It doesn’t matter if it’s a spirit of

fire or water or even the oh-so-familiar kindred spirit; they know and sense how we regard them and act toward them when we invite them into our realm. Our treatment across traditions is not universal, which means this seems to be a spirit world evolution that reflects the UMT revolution. Where once the world of spirits was easily split between the spirits of nature and the elemental spirits, now they blend and blur, as if shaped by our understanding and treatment. This change in our thinking is reflected in the multiverse, and now we face a world of spirits who, while they do not remember details, auras, and actions, _do_ remember the intent. This intent is imprinted on their conjurers and can be recognized by all spirits, for good or ill.

As a final note, we have seen so many arcane events of late, and so often in recent times have the various metaplanes interacted with each other in ways that change all involved worlds. These collisions and the shift in mana, spirit relations, and mundane/arcane interactions have to mean someAthing. While we at the street level see the twisting and devastation, the powers that guide our world see none of it. We are the front line—the bottom line—and the only line that will fight off trouble. Those above us seek to only to exploit and monetize, not fix.

I’m not a believer, but pride and greed as deadly sins seems an easy manipulation point for the modern corp mentality.
