---
id: SW-0715
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Evanescence
page: 161
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evanescence

Across the vast stretches of metaplanar space, there exist incalculable forms of life. Generally speaking, the further from “home” one travels, the less hospitable the environment becomes. For deep metaplanar entities such as insect spirits, the Gaiasphere is a hostile place. For every day such spirits reside in the local astral space, their Force is permanently reduced by one as the plane tears away at them. Complete dissolution results in it vanishing from the Gaiasphere (this may mean death or simply being ejected back to their home plane; none know for sure). The only means of self-preservation is to anchor oneself through Inhabitation or Possession. For some beings, this can mean existence within an object or reliquary, or, in the case of insects and their ilk, living hosts.

Spirits subject to Evanescence can slow this degrading by first being summoned or bound by a mage, resulting in losing one point of Force permaTOILnently for every week instead of a daily loss. This protection is retained even if the spirit goes free.

As a beneficial side effect of their alien nature, evanescent astral forms are harder to detect via assensing while in full astral form and find greater ease in bypassing magical barriers. Thresholds for tests to assense them are increased by 1, and Edge Boosts costs 1 less when they attempt to bypass magical barriers.

While an exorcism of an inhabiting insect spirit is currently thought impossible, should such an event occur and the spirit is ejected, it is immediately subject to Evanescence decay again.
