---
id: SW-0284
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'FORCE AND GRACE - Posted by: Agent Thorn'
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## FORCE AND GRACE

## Posted by: Agent Thorn

“Agent Thorn,” people ask me all the time, they ask me, “Agent Thorn, how are you so incredible?” I’ve got three answers. Hard work. Clean living. I’m an adept.

**>** Nobody ever asks him that, and two of those three answers are lies.

**>** Fianchetto

**>** You’ve got the soul of a bitter old man, you do.

**>** Thorn

The simple fact, for once, aligns with the public perception; adepts are people who just have a magical advantage over your average, workaday schlub. This advantage tends to manifest itself much more subtly than the flashy and overt spellcasting of proper magicians, what with an adept’s power being more internal than external. Fans of

_Karl Kombatmage_ or _Chase: Errant Knight_ might think of adepts as “street samurai without the chrome,” of course. They think of someone who’s quicker than spit, stronger than hell, and tough as boiled leather, without the need for implanted muscles, dermal plating, and the like.

That’s about where the accurate public perception ends, though. Your average mundane wageslave type hears “adept,” and they think “cheater.” They don’t think “magical advantage,” they think “unfair advantage.” They don’t think “internal manifestation of the ability to tap into mana,” they think “swaggering bollix.” And they don’t think “preternaturally talented at a great variety of things,” they think “Kung Fu and shite.” Yeah?

So we adepts have two major stereotypes pointed our way: firstly, that we’re cheaters who breeze through life without having to try very hard, and secondly, that we’re naught but a bunch of bloody ninja-slaying psychos (or ninja psychos, whatever the case may be).



**>** Yeah, poor you.

**>** Kane

**>** You know you’re just proving his point, don’t you?

**>** Ma’Fan

**>** Pirates are unfairly marginalized and stereotyped as being awesome and violent, too!

**>** Kane

For super-slick shadow operators like yours truly, these misconceptions are water off a duck’s back. Luckily for my standard price tag _and_ the world at large, super-slick shadow operators like yours truly are pretty rare animals. To the average adept, both of these common misunderstandings aren’t only discriminatory, but dangerous.
