---
id: SW-0669
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Death Magic Is Not Life Magic
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Death Magic Is Not Life Magic

To the uninformed, all blood magic is the same. And all magicians who use blood magic are “blood mages” and should be hunted down and killed, as they’re all evil. Well, that’s just not true. Like many things in life, it’s a gross oversimplification of the situation, exacerbated by ignorance and lack of understanding. I have had to intervene on no less than three occasions after what was effectively a lynch mob attempted to kill or capture a magician who used life magic. In one case, it was a street witch, someone who’d taught herself to use magic and learned to use blood magic in order to heal those around her and lessen their pain and suffering. I had to stare down a man who wanted to kill the very person who’d saved his son’s life less than twenty-four hours previously because he thought she was an evil blood mage. It ended well, but only barely.

Observing a magician’s use of magic cannot give you definitive proof, yet that’s what people do when trying to identify blood mages. The only way to be sure is to assense their aura to see if they have the stain of death magic upon them. The first few times a magician uses death magic, the stain is quite subtle and can be hidden using the masking metamagic. But beyond a point, there is no way to hide it—you proclaim you are a blood mage to anyone and anything that can assense your aura. The Draco Foundation has done some studies and

found that even metahumans with the most rudimentary level of magical power and skill at reading auras can identify the stain of death magic, as the overriding sensual impression it gives off is the sickly sweet stench of death. So if you see someone with that stain walking down the street, I suggest you be worried.

Frag, we should all be worried in that situation anyway, because of the other side effects of death magic use: addiction and a total lack of sanity. One of the major differences between life magic and death magic is that the latter is always addictive. You could use life magic a handful of times, as I have, and not become addicted. But use death magic once, and you’re most likely hooked. And those hooks can go in awful deep, far deeper than soykaf, novacoke, or hot-sim ever could. Those addictions affect your body by way of your physiology. Blood magic affects your very soul.

Death magic users still need to get a fix just like the barrens rats that are addicted to BTLs, but whereas a BTLhead can sit back and relax away from anyone else (for the most part), a death-magic-addicted mage has to use that magic to get their fix. And that means causing pain and suffering on some poor unsuspecting son of a slitch!

The other side effect of death magic, one I touched on briefly above, is insanity. I don’t know if it’s the addiction itself causing some degradation of the magician’s aura that impacts their mental state or if it is a correlative and not causative effect (and to be honest, chummers, I don’t want to get close enough to these kinds of fraggers to carry out a proper study), but as an initiate becomes more and more addicted to death magic, their sanity goes down the drekker faster than the evidence of last night’s bender.

Magicians who are addicted to death magic display many psychoses, from superhuman psychosis and narcissism to full-blown psychopathy and other disorders. There is no rhyme or reason, the only constant being that they seem to view metahumanity—perhaps even all sapient species—as little chunks of power that are there for them to use as and when they wish. They also tend to display a phenomenal level of self-confidence, to the point that defeating one in combat is seen as a fluke or waved away in some other manner to reinforce their god complex.

- Bit rich isn’t it, Canis, you talking about narcissists with god complexes?

- Haze


should teach me sacrifice: it’s a dying art amongst koradji, as not many can pass the tests demanded by the dreaming and the ancestors, and as an outsider I couldn’t even speak to the ancestors. But he eventually did. I’m still not sure what made him change his mind, but I suspect Kangaroo had something to do with it.
