---
id: SW-0551
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: severing example
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## severing example

Rikki Ratboy has fragged off a former Mr. Johnson by not dying. Mr. Johnson decides to sic a ritual team on Rikki using a material sample left behind at the scene of the ambush. Once the ritual team uses the material link to Rikki (a blood sample) in Step 4: Spend Reagents, a tiny tendril reaches out across the astral plane linking Rikki to the foundation of the ritual.

Rikki’s Astral + Intuition + Initiate Grade is 14 dice. However, those sneaky Azzies have caught Rikki asleep, so a –6 penalty applies, making a total pool of 8 dice. The gamemaster rolls against a threshold of 4 + 4 (base time of the Prodigal Spell ritual) – 0 as it is the first hour of the ritual and gets 5 hits. No joy.

An hour later, Rikki’s gamemaster tries again. This time the threshold is 7 (1 hour has passed), and Rikki gets 3 hits. Time is running out for Rikki, so the gamemaster allows a third try. This time the threshold is 6, and the roll comes up with 6 hits.

Rikki wakes with a start and knows a ritual is targeting him. He knows the Shielding metamagic, so he sets up Boosted Defense to help him resist whatever is coming. He then assenses the sending and gets 4 hits, which lets him know that it is a powerful Illusion spell is heading his way. Rikki manages to resist the urge to flee and calls a chummer who owes him a solid.

Before Rikki finishes the commcall, an astrally projecting mage appears in his bedroom; it’s his chummer, Torch. Rikki gives her the lowdown, so Torch assenses Rikki (Rikki has dropped his masking since Torch is a true pal) and gets 3 hits to detect the sending. With a wicked grin that displays the enlarged canines of her astral mouth, Torch calls up several spirits that owe her services and zooms off to track the sending.

Rikki now has nothing to do but maintain Boosted Defense and wait. He grabs a soykaf and tries to not shudder at what Torch will do to the ritual team when she finds them.
