---
id: SW-0688
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Alpha, Beta, Evolution, Adaptation - Posted by: Ellis'
page: 155
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Alpha, Beta, Evolution, Adaptation

## Posted by: Ellis

The Ares projects for the taming of invae have been in operation for decades, beginning with the first captured flesh form hybrids. The concept of turning the enemy into a weapon is an old one, and repurposing a self-manufacturing foe into a fighting force is logical, if infinitely more complicated when it is an alien metaplanar lifeform. Still, Damien Knight is, or was, nothing if not unambitious.

My project received its major breakthroughs from two events. First, the capture of a good merge, revealing the insect capacity of absorbing metahuman knowledge from a host, including their skillsets and training, expanding our portfolio of potential uses for invae agents. Second, the death of the great dragon Dunkelzahn. His loss saw a sudden boost of funding for the taming programs. I can only assume that the loss of such an asset motivated Knight to fill in the gap with the power he saw even the president feared.

- His fear was for all of you. We have survived the invae before, and they did not represent a significant threat to us then, at least in the open. It is their ability to subvert and conquer from within which represents their greatest danger, and Dunklezahn had the greatest respect and optimism for metahumanity. It was a noble concept, and perhaps he will be proven right. But that’s on all of you to fulfill.

- Mamelu

- You folks just don’t know how to be anything but condescending, do you?

- Bull

- Are you so nice to the devil rats and dogs of the world? You may become great, but from this vast difference of perspective, you are very temporary, and very foolish. I hope you do not see this as an insult, but rather as a challenge. Prove me wrong. Prove



the old Loremaster right. Improve your world and seize your destiny.

**>** Mamelu

The project began with the investiture of animals. ASIST and psychopharmacological conditioning for the captured insect shamans made them loyal to Ares, if in a twisted form. The shamans would then make investitures of low-volition/intelligent spirits into animals, which nigh-universally manifest as flesh forms, lacking the capacity to submit to inhabitation but also the will to fight to the point of manifesting a true form. These were the first of our bio-weapons.

bad merging would result in an insect spirit who gained nothing more than an attunement to this plane, and that meant a bad “reverse-merging” with an insect might result in a human, still in their natural form, but augmented with invae abilities.

- Holy shit, that’s the Holy Grail. Awakening on tap. Marketable immortality.

- Lyran

- I … can’t … I just …

- Plan 9

- 9? 9?

- Plan 10

- Can you extrapolate on “twisted?”

**>** Red

- Certainly. We found that the loyalty of the shamans was absolute and all-consuming, so supplanting it resulted in mental breaks, up to and including catatonic depression, fugues, extreme dissociative disorder, and personality fragmentation. The last was where we made our breakthrough, finding ways to reintegrate personalities with loyalties to either Ares or their queen. The result did not subvert Hive loyalties but instead painted Ares as a sympathetic faction that would assist in the expansion of population and control.

**>** Ellis

- Not entirely untrue.

**>** Lyran

**>** It was a ruse to get them to cooperate, but I can understand that perspective. The results certainly support it, with bleak irony. **>** Ellis

It was only in the past few years that raids into the Hive had revealed that just as invae inhabit metahuman hosts to stave off evanescence, so, too, can metahumans “invest” into invae in their home plane, rendering the former metahuman immune but in full control of their abilities and immune to metaplanar aural dissonance syndrome. Some would become, effectively, flesh forms, but with a human in control, while others would manifest as true form humans now immune to the Hive’s deep metaplanar frequency. The “best” were the true forms, who could integrate seamlessly with the population of a hive and infiltrate their ranks for research and sabotage.

I have documented in a previous posting about Detroit exactly what took place after, and how I came to head the Beta Project, which was designed to create infiltration agents. The mission had a secondary protocol: to find a way to use the merge attunement protocols for Hive raiders to effectively use invae to “Awaken” metahumans. A metahuman might be co-opted into becoming a good merge host and used for infiltration, while a

- Welp, there it is: Reality turned out to be so strange, it broke Plan 9.

**>** Snopes

The project might have been a success, except for several side effects that were never a part of the original paradigm. The merging process does not overwrite the original consciousness or personality of either the human or invae, but instead truly merges them into a singular identity. Neither soul dies, but instead hybridizes into a new form. This has resulted in numerous abilities manifesting, with no reliable means to design which one will come to be in any given merge.

From my supervisor’s perspective, this was almost an insurmountable design failure, but for Dr Ellis, and the queen who would eventually become a part of her, we saw the need for the invae to evolve. Metahumanity is too powerful, too clever to be treated as a resource. We cannot be a predator or parasite and hope to survive. Instead, we must become a symbiotic member of society and civilization.

The fall of the UCAS, beginning with Detroit, gave us a chance to emerge from the shadows, and we have since done our best to prove our good will toward metahumanity. This will be a long road, but it is one worth walking. Speaking as a scientist, humanity is spiraling. Speaking as a Queen, horrors are coming. Speaking as Ellis, I pray we stand strong together against the coming darkness and stand together in the light of a new day.
