---
id: SW-0507
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Importance of the Paradigm
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Importance of the Paradigm

Forgive me for starting with the basics, but at its most basic level, magic is the manipulation of energy—which we call mana—to achieve a certain outcome. We do this by channeling the mana through ourselves, acting as sort of a lens to extract what we need from the ambient mana all around us. So when a magician uses magic, they draw mana from the Gaiasphere through themselves and manipulate it into the desired result. One of the reasons I hate Unified Magic Theory with a passion is that in seeking to mass-produce cookie-cutter magicians, it neglected the very foundation of wielding magic: that lens is your paradigm.

- Oh, here we go—another anti-UMT rant. Grab some Nuke-n-Pop, everyone, and get ready for a show.

- Winterhawk

Each magician has a unique paradigm. It is a complicated combination of our life experiences and education, our tradition, our mentor spirit/totem, our moral code, and so much more. It is literally and metaphorically everything a magician is and knows, and neglecting the place of the paradigm is one of the reasons UMT is floundering in certain circles.

Have you ever met a magician who, after a traumatic event, can no longer manipulate mana? It’s a known phenomenon, and modern science (of which UMT is part) constantly looks for external or medical reasons for this when in truth it is so much simpler—and complex: The trauma has altered the magician to the point that they are at odds with their paradigm, and only through careful counseling—patiently deconstructing and rebuilding their sense of self—can they hope to recconect to it. In some cases, that connection is lost forever, and those magicians must relearn themselves and their magic to shift their paradigm.

- If it were that simple, we’d see a whole lot more recovered burnouts than we currently do, and not all of the people offering to treat them would be shysters.

- Lyran

- Stripping yourself down to the roots and building a new self is hardly easy.

- Fianchetto
