---
id: SW-0563
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: CONCLAVES AND COVENS
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## CONCLAVES AND COVENS

Since the Awakening, people who can use magic have banded together to learn and to protect themselves from the non-magical people around them. From mystic dojos full of physical adepts to local university magic study groups to Awakened eco-activists, there is bound to be a group that suits your needs.

While the main focus of magic groups (also known as initiation groups, magic societies, lodges, conclaves, cliques, or a million different words that mean “group”) is ostensibly on developing and supporting the magic knowledge of their members, a lot of groups get side-tracked by other goals. As organized groups, many get involved in politics at some level, and others serve as a central focus for a wider non-magical group.

This file exists to help the newly Awakened understand what groups are out there, what benefits they bring, and how to join one. Shadowrunners may find it a useful primer on these eccentric groups.

As for me? I’ve been around the traps and used many names over the years, and I have been on a

long personal journey. I prefer now to be known as Many-Names. You know me, and now you may know me differently.

- Don’t most people know you? You’re even more of an old-timer than me.

- Slamm-0!

- You’ve finally realized you’re an old timer now?

- Bull

- I hear myself telling Jack some of the same things you tell me, so yeah, it makes me feel old.

- Slamm-0!
