---
id: SW-0509
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Nature of Avatars
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Nature of Avatars

I mentioned avatars a moment ago, and I know from countless questions in class that many magicians (initiated and uninitiated alike) don’t know what an avatar is. It’s simple—it’s a powerful spirit that has taken a liking to your paradigm.

- Some academics believe that avatars are a metaphysical manifestation of an initiate’s paradigm and not a true spirit.

- **>** Winterhawk

Every initiate has an avatar, but many don’t realize it. I have not been able to formulate a solid theory as to why that is, but my working hypothesis is that UMT is utter bulldrek that has poisoned and crippled an entire generation of magicians. But my research is ongoing on this matter …

Back to my point—whether they know it or not, every initiate has an avatar. Magicians with a mentor spirit/totem often have an easier time identifying and communing with their avatar, but I’ve thus far not failed to help an initiate do so. Each avatar is as unique as the initiate, though they will likely have a similar outlook on magic since traditions are such a huge part of our paradigms, and it will be related to one’s mentor/totem, if the initiate has one. Back in ’62 when I first initiated, I was told that my avatar was an “aspect of Wolf, used to better communicate with me,” and while I’ve found that to not be the case for every initiate, in my case it is as good a description as any I can think of.

I could speak for hours on avatars and their nature, how they influence metahumanity, and the benefits of communing with them. But that’s not what Bull asked me here to speak about, so I’ll keep that particular keg of powder dry for now.
