---
id: SW-0699
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Blood Spirits
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Blood Spirits

Perhaps the most chilling use of blood magic is summoning blood spirits. These spirits often take the form of twisted parodies of life, such as clouds of clotting blood drops with anguished and dying faces shifting within their form, or hideous amalgamations of animal characteristics with claws or teeth dripping with gore. Perhaps the most frightening are the twisted metahuman forms with gaping, bleeding mortal wounds and an eerily familiar face to those who know the metahuman sacrificed to bring this abomination forth.

Blood spirits are transient things that slowly degrade over time as the energies employed in their initial (very violent) summoning begin to fade. In order to replenish their energies, blood spirits have the Essence Drain power. While they can replenish themselves from any living creature, blood spirits prefer the Essence of metahumans and rarely venture far from where metahumans can be found. Blood spirits will almost always stay within (Force x 100) meters of metahumans.

The maximum Force of the spirit depends upon the creatures being sacrificed, as multiple creatures can be used to power a single spirit summoning. Consult the **Blood Spirit Table** for the Force generated based on the sacrificial victim, then add them all together to reach the maximum Force the victims at hand can summon.
