---
id: SW-0286
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Second Big Lie
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- adept-powers
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Second Big Lie

Now, aye, I’m aware this leads to a sort of Schrödinger’s Adept situation. Pop culture and corporate propaganda tells us that every adept you see _might_ be a lackadaisy cad breezing by on unfair talent, or they _might_ be the most explosively dangerous motherfragger you’ve ever met.

This stereotype of all adepts as “physical adepts” has deep, stubborn, and pernicious roots. It was another way for the corporations to control how adepts were treated, and trusted, in day-today society.

It was _also_ a way for them to steer adepts toward the positions and lifestyle choices they wanted adepts to take (signing up to work as corporate security or waltzing into military recruitment offices). Why? Because the leverage they got over chipped-up razorboys still cost them money. If they could properly brainwash—err, I mean “instill loyalty into”—an adept and get just the same flavor of top-notch operator, and they could do it _without_ investing a million nuyen into augmentations that, implanted haphazardly, could make your most promising triggermen shrivel and die or go cyberpsycho, then, well, why not? Footballers don’t get indoctrinated quite like soldiers going through basic training and the like; the independence that adept athletes had was a hindrance, the innate improvements that adept shooters brought to the table was a benefit.

Controlling public perception toward adepts kept them disadvantaged, mistrusted, alienated, and vulnerable, kept the everyday schmucks from trusting or relaxing around them, and funneled them toward the physical careers that national armies and corporate security wanted for them. Yes, and all by design, but it _also_ let those nations and corporations keep their other adepts—their versatile adepts, their sneaky adepts, their specialized adepts—a secret.

The other truth they were trying to hide, or to deny even to themselves—which has become increasingly clear, especially in the last decade or so—is that adepts can be better than you at _anything_ , and that, too, is a terrifying prospect to plastic-faced men wearing suits and doling out nuyen and augmentations.

Because aye, some adepts _are_ murderous bastards with blood that’ll never come off. Lord knows I’m the last person who’ll deny that. But _some_ adepts are just soulful, sweet lads who are good with a paintbrush and try to share the beauty of an aura with other folks. Some adepts are rockergirls who can whip up a crowd like no one else. Some adepts are the sort who could sell snake oil to snakes, and would, if snakes had any money. Some see gadgets, gizmos, and engines in ways other people don’t, and they can make machinery sing. There’s nothing unfair about being

born with a gift, and there’s nothing dangerous about leaning into it and trying to live your life with a knack or two.

Adepts are just people. For better or worse, there’s no moral code or worldview automatically attached to being born with a bit of magic running through your veins. So, like people, we come in a splendid variety.

And, like people tend to, we still try to label ourselves and each other. That’s where “ways” come in. Adepts’ve been around for a while, and we’ve settled into a handful or two of largely-agreed-upon categories for ourselves. An adept’s way is almost like a tradition to a spellcaster; it says something about how the adept sees the world and sees magical power, but it says the _most_ about how an adept sees themselves.

Don’t let the names completely twist you up and make too many assumptions, either. If you somehow pull records on someone and find out their way—some social engineering or a nice hackjob of an initiatory group’s databases, let’s say?—don’t leap to too many conclusions based solely on what you discover. Plenty of athletes are pretty violent these days—I’ve met world-class masters of soft martial arts who see themselves as performers first and foremost, many an artist rockerboy has learned to scuffle on their way to the big time, and there are almost as many invisible way followers as warriors in the world’s top-tier operator teams. Similarly, don’t think someone’s _only_ brawn, no brains, if you find out they’re a warrior or an athlete, for instance; a way is more about intent, less about ability. Warriors can still be plenty subtle and might focus their adept powers very similarly to members of other paths, all in preparation for the right moment to strike.

Don’t think anyone’s a blunt instrument or a pushover, just based on one word. Especially in our line of work, sure and you never know what powers someone might pick up along the way.

The **artisan’s way** is for those who, and bear with me here, like to do _things_ with _stuff_ . They like to make gadgets, improve upon gadgets, tinker with gadgets, design, engineer, and manipulate hardware and software. They like to tune up big engines and drive fast cars. They’re the designers and the dreamers, the wily wheelmen and the console cowboys, the canny creators and daring demolition devils. They, artists, and speakers are often lumped in together as “soft” adepts, which can be a deadly mistake. If it has to do with high technology, high speed, or high horsepower, an artisan might channel their power into being good with it.

Adepts on the **artist’s way** are generally a bit less pragmatic and a bit more personable than artisans, while having a bit more substance than speakers. They create to live and live to create, but often for less practical reasons than artisans do; if an artisan is a blacksmith, an artist is a paintFORCEer. Artists find their way these days by hook or by crook, and a great many types of entertainers fall under this umbrella. There are stuntmen and rockergirls, exotic dancers and exotic sculptors, chefs and storytellers.

The **athlete’s way** is a hard but rewarding one, and they and warriors tend to be the first types of adepts most people think of. They’re the highest profile, the reason why we were called “physical adepts” for so long! While still unwelcome in a great many sports (bloody urban brawl), when you _do_ see an athlete adept at work (or play?), there’s no mistaking it. They’re some of the strongest, fastest, most entertaining-to-watch professionals around, and they’re at least half the reason hurling’s as popular as it is in the Tír. You owe it to yourself to see what one of these lads or lassies can do.

The **beast’s way** was misunderstood for a long time, and often still is, truth be told. There are those who, over the years, have claimed it’s a spinoff of the magician’s way, the warrior’s way, and the invisible way, but the truth is they’re trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. The beast’s way just _is_ , and you’ll know one when you see one. They might take on cat’s eyes to see in the dark, grow terrible claws when they need to kill a spirit with their bare hands, or slip into a shamanic rat-mask when skulking about, but whatever their look, there’s no denying their diverse abilities and their unique connections to their mentor spirits. A wolf or bear berserker is a sight to see, so long as it’s from a safe distance.

More than a few unfortunate souls have found themselves on the **burnout’s way** over the years, and for good reason; seeking to integrate storebought and street-doc power with their natural adept talents is a slippery slope, and if anyone can strike that balance, it’s a proper burnout. Those who focus themselves on mundane augmentation may have a crutch, but they lean on it proper hard, they do, and can be hard as a coffin nail in a scrap.

The **invisible way** isn’t talked about much, and that’s just how these buggers like it. They’re easy to miss in the background of flashier, more violent, seemingly more impressive ways, but that’s all a part of their angle, you see? When it comes to marksmanship and patience, there’s precious little difference between a top-tier sniper of the warrior’s way versus the invisible, except that the warrior’s more likely to care about confirmed kills, letting a spotter keep up with him, and bragging to his mates back on base. It’s a mindset issue, not a skillset one. Invisible adepts like to stay under the radar, even off the job. Whether a con man, a pickpocket, a burglar, or an assassin, they’re hard to find—but worth the money, if you can hire them.

The **magician’s way** is another often-misunderstood path, and that’s likely because of how it overlaps with those of sorcerers, summoners, and

all the other top-notch magical sorts. Magician’s way followers are mystic adepts, one and all, and that’s a can o’ worms best opened by folks who can sling mojo. What I know is that magician’s way adepts are often mistaken for a regular mage or shaman—ha, inasmuch as a “regular” mage or shaman exists—with just a few extra tricks up their sleeve. Just as often, though, they’re overlooked as just another adept, but with a bit more flash and utility. The truth can lie at either extreme or somewhere in the middle; those walking the way with dedication and balance in mind can be some of the most versatile, powerful buggers you’ll ever cross wands with.

Like invisibles, those on the **speaker’s way** took a long time to rise to the general consciousness. When one bloke’s faster than a speeding bullet and another is leaping tall buildings with a single bound, it’s easy to miss the superjock’s hype man and agent, aye? Speakers can be Mr. Johnsons, fixers, corporate executives, gang leaders, cult leaders, con men, and everything in between. If quick wits and smooth talking are the way to get a job done, it’s a speaker who’s likely your best bet.

And finally we land on the **warrior’s way** , which is ironic given they were the first adepts—excuse me, “physical adepts,” back in the day—to be discovered, recognized, and to have their abilities quantified. If you could take on a trio of topchipped razorboys without breaking a sweat, and you could do it with nary a wire, port, plug, socket, or cyberlimb in sight, twenty or thirty years ago you were quite the rare bird and impressive specimen. Over time, society has started to take warrior adepts for granted, especially in the shadows, but it’s important to remember just how many more tricks they can have up their mana-wrapped sleeves than simply strength or speed. Being a warrior is about having a purity of intent and a certain focus, not just the abilities you bring to the table. If all you think you’re going to find is a gutterpunk who can’t afford wired reflexes, you’re liable to get yourself a nasty surprise.

- So what about it, grandpa? What’s your way?

- Slamm-0!

- Och, that’d be telling.

- Thorn

- Don’t let the charm or stealth fool you; he’s a warrior, through and through.

- Fianchetto

- Damn it! I knew I should’ve killed you in ’69.

- Thorn

- See?

- Fianchetto
