---
id: SW-0588
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Description
page: 133
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Description

The Bear Doctor Society was formed not long after the Awakening and has weathered the magical surges and growth during the return of magic. To start with, the society was a small, local magic initiation group whose members supported each other through the very beginnings of the Awakening, reminding each other of the stories their grandparents told, and applying those stories. They spoke of their own magical journeys to heal the sick and the value of looking after each other. In many ways, the goal of the society haven’t changed in all that time.

The group has grown slowly over the past forty years. It seems not many people are altruistic, or perhaps Awakened people are snapped up by corporations much more quickly, but even so, there are dozens of members spread through the Native American Nations and Seattle.

The Bear Doctors are apolitical, not given to meddling in the affairs of outsiders. In fact, the Bear Doctors feel that it is easy to fix the body, but fixing the soul is harder—almost impossible in a sick society. Unlike other magical and non-magical groups, the Bear Doctors are not crusaders for change, preferring to work behind the scenes, and act as role models instead of critics. This has drawn occasional criticism that the society is pandering to those in power, or that they are tacitly agreeing with the way things are.

As one of the few stable magical groups that have lasted for decades, the Bear Doctors have amassed significant expertise and knowledge about magical healing, astral essence, the effects of living in mega-sprawls, and the use of Awakened plants and animals. Non-members can’t approach the society as a whole, but individual members are very useful for putting your insides back on the inside. Most members still charge for the service, but even people who cannot afford treatment will be seen. This isn’t to say that every member will patch you up for free—they aren’t fools—and people who take advantage of a Bear Doctors’ generosity will be patched up enough so that they will live and given cab fare to the nearest hospital.

One other thing to note is that almost every member follows Bear as their totem.

On the whole, it’s a good group of people to know.



- So, these old sawbones will patch you up? For free, if you can’t afford it?

- River Fish

- If you’re a friend, sure. Just be aware that between their medical outreach, magical research, and regular lives, they may not be able to drop everything and haul your hoop out of a fire. If you can limp to their door, you’ll normally be back on your feet not long after.

- Bull
