---
id: SW-0021
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: a forest from nowhere
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## a forest from nowhere

I’ve spent my entire life in the sprawl. The biggest patch of nature I ever experience is the stretch of dirt my neighbor up the street cultivates as a garden. I’ve never longed to vacation in the vast green expanse surrounding Seattle because I’m a city girl, born and raised. Maybe, if I had the nuyen, I’d hop down to a SoCalFree beach or some Carib League island, but none of that is within my reach right now.

So when I was taking a stroll to the local Stuffer Shack and cut through the alley between Main and Maple, I was shocked to suddenly find myself standing in the middle of a forest. There were trees, bushes, and other plants as far as the eye could see. Which actually wasn’t very far, given how densely packed it all was.

It was pretty startling at first, and I may have spent a few minutes (or an hour) in a panicked frenzy trying to find my way back to the comfort of that alley. The panic was exhausting, and when I eventually wore myself out, I set out trying to do something a little more methodic. This forest was passable, and I had my trusty blade on me, so I started moving in one direction, nicking trees along the way to mark my course. As I walked, I noticed the sounds of life, but no signs of it. I never saw a bird, but I heard their calls. I never saw or felt bugs, but they chittered in the trees everywhere.

It was like an audio playback from one of those relaxation tracks.

Until it wasn’t.

As the light faded—I never saw an actual sun or source for the light other than just a lit-up sky—the sounds shifted. The tone changed, and the feeling of relaxation and tranquil nature shifted to something more dissonant and off key. As the darkness built, the forest seemed to shrink, and the sounds of birds shifted to distant growls and the rhythmic rustling of nearby predators. Again, I saw none of these things, but I could hear them. While pleasant birds can be a nice tone and your mind can ignore that you don’t see birds, predatory noises hit in a more instinctual way. Fear and panic grew alongside the growing dark.

By the time all the light was gone—and I mean all the light—I was once again in a panicked search for a way out.

Some aspect of that strange place I’d crossed into—no effort of mine, I’m sure—eventually ended my terror. The blackness was not around long, though it felt like an eternity, before I suddenly stumbled into a dumpster and could once again see the urban world I had left behind.

I was never so happy to see a pack of devil rats eating what looked like a dog in my life. I skirted them gladly and finished my trip to the Stuffer Shack without using that alley. I have not been back since.
