---
id: SW-0262
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Aura Masking
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aura Masking

(Free, Great)

**==> picture [228 x 21] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE ACTION RANGE DURATION<br>M Minor Self Sustained<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



Sometimes you want to light up the astral plane like an outrageous fireworks show; other times you want to look like something else, or like nothing at all. Aura Masking essentially works like masking (p. 168, _SR6_ ) and extended masking all in one. That means the spirit can disguise their aura as well as the auras of any spells, preparations, foci, or other aura-containing items in their possession. The total number of spells/items that can be masked is equal to the spirit’s Magic. The Force (or drain value, in the case of spells) of any item or spell the spirit wishes to conceal must be less than (not equal to) the Force of the spirit. When using this power, an Assensing test on the spirit is opposed by the spirit’s Force x 2. Failure means the assenser sees only what the masking presents; any net hits means the assenser sees both the real aura and the mask.

active character, which is why spirits with this ability usually go after the mundane.

Along with the damage, the spirit also takes a number of Karma equal to the net hits. If the character has unspent Karma, deduct it first from this pool. If they do not, they have a choice to make. The character must “unspend” some Karma and reduce an active skill or attribute. Use the advancement table (p. 68, _SR6_ ) to determine the amount of free Karma gained from the reduction. The spirit gets their owed Karma, and the remaining goes back into a character’s unspent pool.

Note: This is an extremely powerful and versatile power. Spirits can sap a target of life, skills, and memories (the essence of skill training), but they can also create a pool of unspent Karma and a perpetually tortured and broken being that they can then remold into whatever form of servant they would like.

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
