---
id: SW-0583
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Description
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Description

Not many people outside the shadows seem to know what’s happening with the thing in Yellowstone Park. There are people who have come out of there who never went in, and it looks like some of those have banded together for magical support.



This is a pretty cagey group, so much so that it is unclear whether there is a leader, or whether it is more of a loose network of Awakened people from somewhere called the Seelie Court. It’s not clear what the relation is to the elves of the Tírs, despite the Gaelic origin of the names.

This is a fairly new group, and its members vary in magical power from those who are very learned to those who know a few cantrips. In fact, it seems to be as much a social group as a magical initiates group. With that in mind, members have been spotted investigating sites around the world. Most of the members I know about are people who have been spotted on the site of Dunklezahn’s rift, around the Shattergraves, and at least one of the volcanoes that erupted as a part of the Great Ghost Dance. Not many people at all want to take a tour of the most massive magical disasters of the last hundred years, but it seems members of this group are fascinated by these sinkholes of chaos.

To me, it looks like this group has banded together for mutual support but has found a shared interest in investigating significant events in the manasphere. In any case, they don’t stay to conduct detailed experiments, preferring to check out the space and depart before they are noticed. They don’t seem to have run afoul of any major players just yet.

- As it happens, I think one of these folks popped onto my radar when looking to get visiting permission to Zurich Orbital. They didn’t volunteer why they wanted to get there, and I didn’t press them, but if they are looking for magic stuff around the world, going up into the mana void would probably be interesting to them, too.

- Bull

- It’s a good way to die—the void ain’t exactly friendly.

- Painted Horse

- Yeah, I pointed them at some old paydata from when Ares did all those orbital experiments. They paid a bonus, but I haven’t heard from them after that.

- Bull
