---
id: SW-0368
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: IMBUING MAGIC - A NOTE FROM AN ALCHEMIST
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## IMBUING MAGIC

## A NOTE FROM AN ALCHEMIST

My name is Albert Johnson. It’s a boring name for a guy who may have just been the key to changing the world, but it’s also likely to be a boring name in a bland obituary on a lonely host in some distant corner of the Matrix. I’m writing this and sending it over to a man I met in a bar. He may be an operative for my employer or he may be exactly who he says he is, a member of the world-famous runner nexus, JackPoint. If you’re reading this, he was the latter, and I owe him a huge thanks.

Thank you, Winterhawk.

I developed the arcane processes that allow for extended preparation potency. While inside the process, I was driven by the desire to succeed. Now that I’m past it, I am looking back and wondering if I may have opened a door too dark for my conscience to live with. I won’t go into arcane detail for two reasons. The first is that it is remarkably complex, and most of the mundane readers out there would not understand. The second is that it can be repeated and reused relatively easily by those with alchemical arcane talent and a non-existent moral code. As I said, I was driven, but now I have seen the child of my dark dealings, and while I could be ecstatic over the growth of my shares and net worth, I know my soul is going to pay for this.

Now, for the honesty. My employers answer to Aztechnology. My training includes what the streets call “blood magic.” This alchemical process falls well within that field. If you’re morally opposed to this, don’t use these preparations, and halt the means of production and distribution. Tell others. It’s too late for my soul, but I can see the taint touching others as we keep producing.

- I have never met this man before. An associate came across this while scrubbing data for me.

- Winterhawk

- If it was an Azzie operative using your ident, they haven’t moved on Albert yet. He’s still listed as an employee at a small facility several kilometers outside Aguascalientes. The location is officially listed as an Ars Magica storage office, but shadow word says it’s an R&D outpost.

- Glitch

- Listed and living are two very different things. His work history moves him around a few times, and his latest transfer was to the facility mentioned above.

- Slamm-0!
