---
id: SW-0666
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Nature of Tools
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Nature of Tools

First some fundamentals, since not all of you know me and how I view things. I view magic like I view everything else in this world: It’s a tool. Sure, it’s a very useful tool (the ultimate multitool in some ways), but a tool nonetheless. Magic is not, as some of the hoopfraggles or drekwits in my Theory of Thaumaturgy 101 classes would have you believe, the be all and end all. Using the right tool for the right job is one of the greatest things about metahumanity—we can use magic or ’ware or plain old-fashioned sweat to achieve our goals. I know many in the cheap seats will want to chime in here, but I’ve made my career out of that belief, and it’s kept me alive this long, so I am not going to change my tune now.

If we look at anything we need to do and analyze the tools that can get the job done, we can almost always come up with a means to employ magic. And in some cases, that’s the best tool, but far from the only one. Now, let’s translate that to weapons: Is magic the best weapon to employ in any given situation? In my experience, the answer is often no. It has its place, but shooting a firearm doesn’t drain you like a spell can. I don’t care how good you think you are, how mentally tough, how good a conductor and wielder of mana you have been in the past, or how many times you’ve initiated, I can tell you that there is one immutable law: You will get drained by magic. Add that into a situation where Murphy raises his head, because he always does, and you get geeked ’cause you picked the wrong tool.

- Or worse, one of your packmates gets geeked ’cause you fragged up.

- Torch

- Finally, mages who speak my language!

- DangerSensei

Let’s now go one step further: You’ve analyzed the situation, and magic is indeed the right tool for the job. But if it’s a big job, it’s going to need something _big_ to get it done—maybe you’ve a horde

of feral ghouls chasing you, or a Renraku Red Samurai is about to decapitate your chica, or some poor innocent child is about to suffer. You have one shot, so you pull up your socks and put on your combat boots and let it rip. It’s still a numbers game whether it works or whether you survive.

What if I said you can play with the percentages? What if—and this is still a thought experiment here—I said I could show you how to make that last-gasp “do or die” act almost guaranteed to count? With no reliance on Lady Luck (because she’s a fickle slitch)? In that moment, when it’s you or them and the consequences of failure in that moment will haunt you for the rest of your days, what would you be willing to do?

If the answer is along the lines of “I’d trade my life for theirs,” then I can possibly guide you to a tool that can do that.
