---
id: SW-0020
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: a desire to return
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## a desire to return

Greetings, Matrix malcontents, it’s Sinister Sal here again, and I’ve got a whopper of a tale and even bigger request to put out to all those who follow my arcano-hunting adventures. With all of these arcane warps popping up like squatters outside a new McHugh’s, I decided to try my hand at chasing one down. Thanks to all of you who tossed tips my way, and a huge thanks to gr8rmagi for the tip that hit the jackpot.

I’d like to start this out with a cool intro about a dark and stormy night or a wrong turn in a dark alley, but what really happened was rather mundane. I caught a quick glimpse of something out of the corner of my eye while passing an empty parking lot. I pulled in, got a closer look, and recognized the telltale signs of a warp. I was there for adventure, so I fired up the recording hardware, sent a quick message to a colleague in case I went MIA, and walked right in.

It was pure bliss. On the other side I was floating, with no sense of mass, but still fully aware of every sense. Thought moved me through what appeared to be rivers of color, each bringing new sensations. Every one of them was like the purest form of pleasure I have ever experienced. Every sense was stimulated in new and exotic ways. I have never smelled, tasted, or heard things that brought such intense emotions. The smell of fresh cinnamon cake, the

taste of perfect crème brûlée, and the sound of a perfect and pure rainstorm were just a few of the hundreds of things I experienced.

I got lost in the sensations. I lost any sense of time. I lost all desire to do anything but move from river to river. For me, it felt as if I had spent both a blink and an eternity in bliss.

Returning was a shock. I did nothing to initiate a return, I was just suddenly sprawled in an empty parking lot, once again aware of my body’s mass, and the unpleasant sensation of both my arthritic knee and some strange soup of city muck in which my face rested. The scents and gooey slickness a stark contrast to my bliss of moments before.

I hunted in my nearby surroundings for a way to return, but the warp was gone. My footage showed it collapse slowly over the course of six hours before flashing into a pinprick of purple light while returning me.

As many may have already surmised, my favor is an obvious one. I want to go back and need help finding a way. I’m linking the file for what this warp looked like in hopes that should someone locate one again, I can return.

Thanks to all my chummers for linking in and especially for any information you may be able to offer in helping me find my way back. Sinister Sal, signing off.

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
