---
id: SW-0201
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Free Spirit Example
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Free Spirit Example

Task spirits are willing workers, and when successfully summoned, offer an additional service to their conjurer. When bound they offer an extra task point as long as the conjurer’s Astral Reputation (p. 64) is positive.

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
task spirits<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>F F F+2 F+2 F F F F F F<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>F (Fx2)+2/2D6 A1, I3 (Fx2)+8 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Granite frequently summons and binds the same spirit of earth (who goes by the name of Rocky) throughout most of her running career, connecting with them dozens of times over the past year alone. During several of those encounters, Granite has chosen to free Rocky prior to the spirit being disrupted or banished, which saved the spirit from those traumas. During a run, Granite had Rocky use Concealment on every member of her team except herself. A focused burst of automatic gunfire severed Granite’s consciousness and her hold over Rocky, freeing them from her service. Rocky, feeling a deep connection to Granite and many strong connections to our plane, chose to stay in order to watch over Granite. With this choice, a free spirit was born.

**Astral Initiative and Actions:** (F x 2) + 3D6, 1A, 4I

**Skills:** Astral, Close Combat, Perception

**Powers:** Accident, Astral Form, Binding, Materialization, Movement, Sapience, Search, Skill (choose one from Biotech, Electronics, Engineering, Outdoors, or Piloting and a Specialization in the chosen skill as well as an appropriate Knowledge Skill) **Optional Powers:** Concealment, Enhanced Senses (Hearing, Low-Light Vision, Thermographic Vision, or Smell), Influence, Psychokinesis, Skill (choose an additional skillset as above)
