---
id: SW-0267
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Inhabitation
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Inhabitation

**==> picture [228 x 20] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE ACTION RANGE DURATION<br>P Auto Self Special<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Tales of unwanted spiritual presences are abundant, and this power is the reason. Most spirits touch the physical plane briefly through Materialization or Possession, but spirits with Inhabitation take over a physical form and occupy it in a far more permanent fashion. An inhabiting spirit permanently merges with a prepared vessel and cannot be separated with Banishing, but the spirit also cannot leave voluntarily. An inhabiting spirit is only dislodged when the vessel is destroyed from Physical damage overflow (see p. 121, _SR6_ ). Oncedestroyed, the spirit returns to the astral plane immediately and will usually go in search of a new vessel or return to their native plane, if possible.

Inhabiting a living vessel offers complete control over the body and some access to its memories. During merging, the vessel’s original spirit (if present) is consumed and, for all intents and purposes, that character is essentially lost (though, as always, gamemasters may decide otherwise if appropriate to their stories).

In order to inhabit a vessel, a spirit needs one of two things. A conjurer of an appropriate tradition can prepare the intended vessel in advance within a ward with a Force equal to or higher than the spirit’s and using Force x 20 drams of reagents and making an Astral + Magic (Force x 3, 1 hour) Extended test. Or the spirit can spend a number of weeks equal to their Force “haunting” the vessel and connecting to their victim’s slowly maddening aura. Once the vessel has been prepared, the spirit may use the Inhabitation power upon it. The process of inhabitation takes anywhere from a few minutes to a few months. The spirit makes a Force x 2 test and references the Inhabitation timetable to determine the the time needed for a successful Inhabitation. To
