---
id: SW-0011
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Target
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Target

Goat Girl’s voice echoes like a lecture hall. She brings her hand down, and the bug is squashed and the noise stops. There’s no glitter, no light, no Suki Redflower special FX, just green and grey splatting out across the floor and walls of the hall. More magic. It’s fucking gross and it smells like yeast and …

I can’t place the smell when my bedroom door opens. It’s not Mom, she’s out of town for some symposium, and the cleaning drones know not to interrupt my sleep cycle. There’s only enough light to define the silhouette, but I would know Christy anywhere.

“What the f—”

“Shhhh …” Something washes over me, and my voice is gone. It’s like she hit a mute button. Nothing I do makes a whisper. Not the shift on my sheets, or the crash of my lamp, or my pounding on the walls or my screams as nightmares take shape around me, dragging me into the dark with them on sharp, monstrous shoulders. I can’t make one sound, and all I hear is the quiet rasp of the nightmare’s shell against itself as it walks, the hiss of its gurgling breath, and the excited, willowy whispers of Christy. I can’t look away from her amber eyes, the only light in the darkness, and they sway, over and over. We’ll be together. We’ll be together. We’ll always be together. It’s magic and it came from far away and we can always be together now.

I hate magic. It makes me love Christy even though she’s the worst person I’ve ever known. It makes me love her when I hate her. It makes me love her, and I just want to die so it will end.

“Lauren …”

My eyes snap wide. I stand. I run. I run right where I don’t want to go, to the voice I used to trust more than anyone. I’m sobbing and fighting and all my body wants is to hold her and do anything she says.

The impact cracks something in my face, and I think Punk Bitch must have broken my birthday dermasculpt. Fuck! I want to scream, but I feel Goth Boy pick me up like I weigh nothing, and he’s running away from … he’s saving me! They’re taking me away from her!

“Fuck it,” he’s yelling, “We’re pulling a Denver!” Goat Girl is bounding beside him on those legs of hers. “A what?!”

“Just jump!”

There’s a blast, a tear, and we’re falling … and then floating. Goth Boy is chanting, and we’re floating like a feather. Goat Girl is doing the same, but the words are different. Above, I see Punk Bitch flipping the bird with both fingers before falling backward out the window toward us, then melting into mist and flowing past us, cold as a Seattle winter.

And then I realize, if they’re using magic, they’re like Christy. I start screaming. And I can’t stop.
