---
id: SW-0491
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Classical Hermeticism
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Classical Hermeticism

When you think of a mage, or a wizard, the classical hermeticist is usually the sort of spellslinger that comes to mind. Of course, in the modern day, they’re hardly all pointy hats, staves, and ratty ink-stained robes like you see in the fantasy trids. Rather, they are mages who rely on formulas and the scientific method to develop their ways of tapping into their power. Study, experimentation, and careful planning are all keys to developing hermetic magic, and if you attend just about any magical college around the world, this is the most likely style of magic you’ll be instructed in. This, of course, means you’ll run into hermeticists of all stripes, since there’s very little morality wrapped up in the instruction they receive. Each and every mage of this tradition uses their own moral compass to guide themselves. That’s probably why they’re some of the most common spellslingers to wind up in the employ of the big corps. Not that

most have much choice in that matter, when you really get down to brass tacks.

To hermeticists, magic is a tool. Neither good, nor bad, but determined by the intent of the user. It’s a reasonable stance, but one that also tends to result in some noteworthy abuses when a mage gets too caught up in the thrill of power to realize what they’re doing wrong, or simply doesn’t care. This tends to be one of the reasons the public at large tends to be wary of magic types. Can you really blame them?
