---
id: SW-0013
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'STATE OF THE ARTS - Posted by: Ire'
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## STATE OF THE ARTS

## Posted by: Ire

_Frag it all. I’m not kowtowing to the masses and the corporate bulldrek that fills the ears of modern magic-using youth. Magic is power, plain and simple. Controlling power is what everyone wants. Street mages, corp mages, wizkids, wizgangers, and every aspected, half-talented spellslinger are out to grab the biggest slice of the pie they can._

_The thing about magic is, it isn’t controlled in any one way. The corps may have been selling Unified Magic Theory (UMT) in order to create their legion of corporate mageslaves, but that drek is garbage. I’m not saying it doesn’t work, but it creates a system the corps are already preparing to counter, so they keep the edge. This edge is what cuts the streets to pieces and keeps the monied class on top._

_That’s why the streets need to focus on their independence. Learn magic your way. Feel the power course through your veins. Let the mana flow_

_like water, get shaped like clay, draw its patterns in your mind, feed the chaos with your dance, or do whatever makes the magic move to your will._

I wrote the above words late one night on a rant. I had just lost a good friend who went the UMT route and came across a site with arcane security that countered him at every turn.

I visited the site. My magic was not diminished. I have ventured far from UMT and don’t pander to the limits and designs of corporate magic. I had for years talked to my friend about expanding his horizons. My preliminary studies were back in the days before UMT, and when the early theories were being developed and locked into the instructional institutions around the world, I paid attention. I know how it works, and I see the glorious simplicity of it, but the lack of creativity stagnates magic. And it left my friend closed off.

Rest in peace, old friend.

I tell the story here because I was asked to talk about the current state of magic and how it’s changSTATEing. The change is a good thing based on some of the events and effects we were seeing during the reign of UMT. While I can’t blame it directly because I’m well past the research-and-argue phase of my magical career, I can still talk about all of the events to help us look at the best ways to actually understand magic.

- My pithy opinion is that magic is like walking: Many of us do it differently, we don’t think about the deep science of how to do it, and we primarily focus on what works. Embrace the philosophy that works for you.

**>** Winterhawk

- Isn’t this where Many-Names would say something indecipherable about the difficult-to-fully-comprehend nature of magic?

- Haze

- Magic has been making my points for me.

- Many-Names
