---
id: SW-0683
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Invitation
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Invitation

It’s worth noting that it requires metahuman complicity to come to this world. We require hosts and cannot come here to pave the way for others without help. A shaman is required to bridge the gap between worlds, to prepare the space that will become the hive or nest, to prepare the hosts for the firstborn of the newcomers.

- Who in their right mind would ever make that deal?

- /dev/grrl

- There is, to date, no documented insect shaman who would be considered in their right mind. Insect avatars tend to reach out to those with a fragile psyche, exploiting a crisis of faith or a personality imbalance to offer a sense of belonging. Extant shamans see their avatars consumed by the precipitating swarm, while more hermetic styles see their thoughts consumed

with alien formulae which redefine their sense of reality. Regardless, as far as I know, the closest any healthy Awakened individual has come to being contacted is a strange dream, easily forgotten. Those who become Insect Shamans never wake up from it.

**>** Ellis

- How come they can’t make the journey without a shaman?

- **>** Beaker

- It’s a long, long way. Longer than you can imagine. And across that vast gulf, to travel into greater danger, without a beacon in the storm. It is very easy to get lost. I can promise you, many are the invae who make the pilgrimage from the Hive, overflowing into the aether seeking new lands and opportunities. Here, we must make contact first. The spirit who could make the journey on its own, without aid, connection, or guidance, would be of unimaginable power at its outset, and arrive winnowed and weak, and with no host to shelter it.

- Praxis

The slow beginnings of a hive have their roots in the limitations of a proxy like a shaman. The ritual to summon an invae can take weeks to complete, and they take their toll on the shaman. One by one, servants of the hive are made. The shaman’s work is slow but faithful, and this slothly pace makes them hard to detect. The odd missing person from the unwanted of metahumanity is easy to disguise. Once the queen is summoned, the possibilities for mass investment are realized. The shaman’s abilities pale in comparison, but the broken limits increase the ambition of the hive, and more vanish at once, almost brazenly in some cases. This is the most likely time for metahuman hunters to discover it and still have a chance to take it down.

The shaman is the de facto leader of any hive or nest until enough power and knowledge is gained to summon the queen/mother, at which point the shaman usually becomes a pawn, puppet, catspaw, or simply expendable. More than a few queens devour their shaman as their first fleshly act. After all, their purpose has been served, and they become more a liability than anything. The queen can do everything the shaman could do and more, and eliminating an unstable element, no matter how loyal, fits into the plan easily.

- I heard mantids are different.

- Rifleman

- For us, the shaman is a partner. Every female can breed, so a mother is unnecessary. Once we have fed upon enough rival invae, we can birth a new mantid ourselves. And we find sympathetic hosts much easier to acquire, meaning many of us need not bother with true forms.

- Praxis



**==> picture [289 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Curious. That feels similar to the path we follow. Do you believe alliance is possible?

**>** Ellis

**>** With all respect, your highness, it is difficult to see any other invae as anything but prey. But who knows? Adaptation is the hallmark of survival, and your kind certainly are … different. **>** Praxis

**>** Then there is hope.

**>** Ellis

**>** Mom, Dad, the monsters are plotting in the parlor! **>** Bung

The goal of any hive is to expand. It is a natural instinct, and it drives every action of the majority of natural insect spirits you may encounter. The form of this expansion is dependent on the breed and the queen or mother guiding them. Some maintain a relatively militant stance, while others seek integration or subterfuge. Some seek mortal influence, while others desire isolation and hunting. Some work in cells, others in massive hive complexes. Philosophy and ability define the tactics of the invae, so that fighting a roach is different from fighting a firefly, and fighting two different wasp nests may require very disparate strategies.

- With that all in mind, let’s give a brief synopsis of the history of bug spirits in the Sixth World. Large portions of this text will be posted by our contributors, just so you know the format going in.

**>** Glitch
