---
id: SW-0672
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: blood mage bounties
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## blood mage bounties

The Draco Foundation offers bounties on live blood mages based on their power and infamy. In game terms, this is determined by their Magic rating and level of addiction to blood magic.

Bounties paid on minor blood mages, whose Magic rating + addiction rating is 5 or less, are typically in the five thousand to ten thousand nuyen range for a living mage; however, due to several instances of life magic users being turned in for a bounty, the Draco Foundation now refuses to pay out on bounties before a qualified magician can assense the so-called “blood mage” and verify they are a death magic user. They no longer accept eyewitness accounts or footage as sufficient evidence. Unfortunately, many law enforcement agencies worldwide aren’t as yet taking this precaution, which may have led to the incarceration of mages whose only crime is using blood magic.

More powerful blood mages, whose Magic rating + addiction rating is 6 to 9, might be worth from twenty thousand to fifty thousand nuyen. This is almost always for the mage to be brought in alive and is offered by the Draco Foundation or a megacorporation interested in the mage’s capture.

Truly powerful blood mages, whose Magic rating + addiction rating is 10 or more, are often seen as too dangerous to be taken alive and so are accepted dead. In these instances, proof can be provided in the form of eyewitness accounts, reliable footage (perhaps from a third party), or magical forensics. These are some of the toughest bounties in the Sixth World, each responsible for the deaths of multiple bounty hunters and shadowrunners who tried to collect. But there are always those who’ll risk their lives for a bounty between seventy-five thousand and three hundred thousand nuyen.

- With great power comes great responsibility. Sorry, had to say it.

- **>** Slamm-0!

I know what the next questions are: How many mages have I taught to use blood magic, and how many have gone mad? I won’t divulge the exact numbers, but I will say that more than ninety-five percent of the time, my judgement has been correct. And in the cases where I was wrong, I cleaned up the mess, because that was my responsibility too. But those are stories for another time.

- So Canis, are you in the process of teaching or evaluating right now?

- Winterhawk

- I won’t say who, for obvious reasons, but in the spirit of openness, I will admit to having recently found a mage I’m willing to lead onto the path of blood. She is deciding whether the price I’m asking is too high.
