---
id: SW-0232
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Binding
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Binding

Getting a spirit to stick around or do things outside of the basic purview of summoning requires a secondary effort, called a Binding. Binding a spirit enables Bound Tasks, which are special services gained that can be used for a variety of things.

Some key points on binding:

- Binding is a specialization of the Conjuring skill linked to the Magic attribute.

- Bound spirits carry the astral signature of the conjurer who bound them.

- Bound spirits count toward the total Force limit a character can command (p. 147, _SR6_ ).

- Binding spirits can make them grumpy.

Binding a spirit is a versatile activity and can be used in two significantly different ways. These two activities follow similar rules and rolls but with quite different outcomes in terms of both effects and spirit relationships. A spirit can have additional tasks or services put on it by its summoner through regular binding, or it can be held to a specific location or object via a special version of binding called fettering.

A binding ceremony begins with a spirit that has already been summoned and has at least one service remaining. The conjurer spends a number of hours equal to the spirit’s Force inside the magical lodge, ward, or cricle of protection, with the spirit present on the astral plane. The ritual consumes reagents equal to twice the Force of the spirit. At the end of the ritual, the conjurer makes a Conjuring + Magic vs. (Spirit Force x 2) Opposed test. Immediately after the test, the conjurer must resist drain equal to the hits (not net hits) achieved by the spirit on the Opposed test, with a minimum drain of two. This is Stun damage unless the drain value exceeds the character’s Magic attribute, in which case it is Physical.

Standard rules still apply to how long a spirit remains on this plane. If its time expires before the ritual is completed, the binding fails. The conjurer must still make the Opposed test and resist drain as usual for binding.

For the conjurer, net hits on the Binding test are converted to Task Points, which can be used on Bound Tasks, but special limitations apply as part of the binding ceremony.

The binding ceremony is specific to the desired effects, and those effects must be chosen before the ritual begins. Any extra net hits on the Binding test automatically become additional regular services owed by the spirit. If the test does not achieve enough net hits to cover all the chosen tasks, the summoner must start another binding ceremony at the end of the first. They must, however, resist drain from the first attempt before making another Binding test and resisting drain again after the
