---
id: SW-0008
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: EB (Asatru Blood Mage-Loki)
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## EB (Asatru Blood Mage-Loki)

Red’s a dumbass. And now I have to save that dumb ass. Again.

The only reason we’re here, and not watching _Porky’s Landing_ at my pad (and live or die, we’re never gonna see that episode now), is because he won’t take my money or crash on my pad. “Gotta earn my own way. Can’t be a parasite.” Funny, a vampire saying that to a vampire. Whatever. He wants to be a shadowrunner, fine. Why can’t we kidnap some suit or steal some lab shit or whatever like last time? No. Now we’re too many blocks deep in some Z-Zone shithole that looks like a B-horror sim set. Yippee. No one mentioned the dry rot. No one mentioned the bugs. And no one mentioned the missing kid was gonna be stuckup corp-kid trash. Yay!

Right now, I’ve got her squealing and moaning about Loki-knows-what while Red is losing a wrestling matchwith a centipede flesh form. Goat Foot is holding her own blasting down the hall and chanting verses from the Qur’an (or so my AR feed tells me), and here I am, debating holding on to this trust-fund heiress who represents Red’s rent or running over and saving his ass.

The right thing to do is always the hardest. Almost always. Leaving her in a puddle of bug snot is way easier than watching Red get munched down.

Unlike Rick (oops, Red—codenames only, right?), I’m smart enough not to tangle with the likes of a bug spirit. Not that close, anyway. I twine my fingers in the old Norse rhythm, and the magic comes to me. What doesn’t come … is inspiration.

_Are we having trouble, pet?_

“Now isn’t the time, Lord.”

_Lord? My, aren’t we formal. Come. We have all the time in the world._

I look around, and the whole world is frozen. Like dropping a really good BTL and hitting pause and moving all around at a nice slow pace. I stroll through the space, taking in the sights. There’s no rush. We’re moving at the speed of dreams now, and I’m not getting out until my patron has had his words.

I can see the arc of bullets from the Uzis—the bug down the hall is dual wielding. That one’s pretty close to human. Can’t see through its mirrorshades (Ares Mavericks, legit)—maybe it’s got bug eyes, or there’s some shell under that Hawai’ian shirt (Knockoff Zoé, weak). Maybe there’s no flaws at all, and the thing is wearing a metahuman mind just like it’s wearing a body. Maybe that would mean more to me if I was a philosopher like Goat, or a martyr like Red, or a strategist like either one, but I’m just—

_A trickster. My lovely daughter._

He’s not wrong. He’s also looking in the wrong direction.

I’m looking at the bug on Red. Nasty fuck, shell brown but shining like light off a soap bubble. Acrid, bile smell like a concert or a street doc’s back alley, not just from its mouth but on the shell, too. Funny, I remember someone saying centipedes are poisonous to the touch. It’s dripping down on the new hoodie I got him so he’d stop wearing longcoats all the damn time, and it’s obviously ruined, and I’m pissed. I also remember Red saying that since spirit shit is dual natured, stuff that usually doesn’t affect us, like poison, works all over again, like before we changed. I already know the claw marks and the spells aren’t gonna regenerate. Red’s already in trouble. Gotta take that into account.

_And you say you’re not a strategist._

Goat Foot has the right idea, sticking to cover and tossing manabolts down the hall. I get why Red invited her, even if it was a last-minute thing. I just can’t get over how pretty her eyes are. It’s about all I can see of her face. I don’t know if that’s professional habit concealing identity or a matter of being Muslim. I don’t have feelings about it, I just don’t know when it comes to her. I don’t know much except she’s a spellslinging satyr with a string of proactive -isms when it comes to philosophy and politics. Which is cool. Cooler, she’s busting the mana flow of this place. The bugs love their homemaking, and from the hive we saw in the basement, this place is all kinds of skittery in their favor. Whatever her deal is, she’s making it a little cleaner with every zap.

like sipping on a Flipside tripper back in the ’60s. It’s wrong and far away, and it feels less human and more nostalgic for humanity. I feel the shiver of millions of legs coming, and I know it’s a taste of what’s next: The shaman is coming, and we don’t have time.

_No, you don’t. My patience is running thin._

I’ve got seconds left, but without context, what does that even mean?

_Got any ideas? No?_

I turn and look at Loki for the first time since time stopped, and I grin.

“I’m a fan of irony.”
