---
id: SW-0029
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Link
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Link

These three points are all connected to different metaplanes, and all have different cultural histories, so what is it that connects them all together? As with many things in magic, it’s an unseen force. The three points form a triangle, and that triangle has a collection of powerful ley lines that flow into the corners, then flare, before linking between the points. This energy appears to be fueling the metaplanar gateways and allowing them to stay open.

The event itself is not as significant as the efforts to harness this ability by the megacorps in order to open permanent paths to new and exciting resources for them to pillage and use for profits. The efforts behind this are also extremely enigmatic. Some events involve traditional rituals, while others are operations to rile up a local gang, and I’ve even heard of one that was just dropping spam AROs all over a neighborhood. The hows and whys of magic are hard enough for a single individual, let alone trying to understand how to change the flow of rivers of mana. There’s shadow money to be made here, but I for one am not a huge fan of megacorps redirecting the streams of magical energy. Especially since most of them will direct it straight to themselves, then corrupt it, andthen pin the blame on some other corp or group (shadowrunners) before bailing on the area and letting it collapse.

- Remember the Concord that the Astral Space Preservation Society has assembled to fight against the corps’ messing around with the astral plane. They seem to have some deep pockets, because the ASPS has been throwing far more weight around than they usually can summon. If you found out anything the corps are up to in this area, find a way to report it to the Concord, because they have the means to do something about it.

- **>** Elijah

- We don’t know the identities of their five secret allies, though, so we don’t know how much we can trust them, if at all.

- **>** Winterhawk

- Funny thing about that. In the Slip Streams posting, we had some speculation about the identities of the partners. As a refresher, the guesses were: Peach as Ares, the CAS, or ZetaImpChem; Blackstone as Ares, the CAS, or Evo; Wolf Kingdom as Aegis Cognito, the Black Lodge, or Aztechnology; Filament as Spinrad Global; and Loesser as the Mafia or possibly an AA corp. Our theorizing leaked out into the world, and some of the reactions confirmed that at least one of the members of the Concord was included in that list. I don’t know which one, or if it was matched with the right code name.

- Elijah
