---
id: SW-0506
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'RUNGS OF POWER - Posted by: Canis'
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## RUNGS OF POWER

## Posted by: Canis

- Who better to bring us up to speed on the nature of initiatelevel magic than an actual professor, especially one from our own community? Canis—a.k.a. Professor Vincent Grisome, Th.D., Ph.D.—is an accomplished combat mage who ran the shadows in the 2060s and ’70s, and he’s held the Burton Chair for Practical Thaumaturgy at Seattle University since 2074.

- Bull

- So the “friendly neighborhood warmage” has returned to the shadows. Get tired of looking into the abyss?

- Elijah

- When the wolf who would be shepherd ranges close enough so the flock can see it, the sheep are right to be scared.

- Many-Names

Thank you for that warm intro, Bull. Yes, as His Orkness said, I’m a legitimate professor at Seattle University, and though I only joined the faculty in ’74, I’ve been teaching much longer. Such is the nature of the shadows; those of us with a rep for being able to do a certain thing are often approached by others looking for instruction.

When I started running the shadows, the majority of magicians didn’t even know initiation was a thing. It was new and mysterious, and certainly not mentioned in high-school-level magic classes. Now, roughly ten percent of new undergraduate freshmen will already have initiated before coming to college, as opposed to roughly the same proportion of first-year post-graduate students when I started teaching officially in ’74. But even postgrads nowadays don’t fully appreciate what being an initiate is all about. Somewhere along the way, the message got lost.
