---
id: SW-0370
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: The Tools, Rules, and Bits of Power
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Tools, Rules, and Bits of Power

These items have the potential to make a big shift in some of _Shadowrun_ ’s power curves. The design rules to follow are intended for players to make an artificer and build their own preparations, but past that you are going to find a list of preparations that are becoming available on the open market. Many are marked **Special** and thus are intended as products sold only by the megacorps (particularly Aztechnology) that have used their fortunes to monetize magic. These items aren’t game-breaking, but they can certainly put a few bends in if they aren’t properly treated. This treatment comes in the form of three game stats: Cost, Usability, and Shelf-Life.

Cost is simple. These new magic doodads are expensive. The cost is intended as an offset to putting some potent powers into the hands of a character who never paid for it in blood, sweat, or tears. These costs are rarely negotiable on the streets, and the few street dealers who get their hands on these items tend to upcharge rather than offer them at the corporate suggested retail price. Many of these are about money spent for a quick, short-term boost. These are the tools of the rich or those looking to play a short-term game.

While the text reads like all these devices are cookie-cutter, that’s not the case. Subtle alterations are made to many of them in order to make them only useful by the purchaser. This means that stealing them from the fallen or trying to resell them is worthless. A street merchant will pay ten percent of the initial cost for an active preparation. If the preparation is used up or almost out of Potency, they’ll walk away. Most of the time they are recovering what arcane reagents and components they can for resale rather than figuring out how to use it as intended.

In order to make these a little more useful to the public, the Potency of many of the preparations is

enhanced, using methods only known to a select few. This means they last a little longer than normal preparations, but they still don’t last forever. This aging process should be closely tracked. Sometimes, one of these will fizzle before it is ever used. Assume items acquired at the start of a game session have their full Potency. During the game, items can be purchased with full Potency, but small discounts might be offered for lower-Potency items. The general rule is to keep these items pricey.
