---
id: SW-0009
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Target
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Target

Punk Bitch hisses and giggles like a witch, and her blue nails curl into claws, fingers wiggling, and the monster on Goth Boy rolls off him, brushing its hands all over itself like it’s covered in something, like she spilled something on it …

Christy slams me against the tile and a first kiss is becoming a first time. I didn’t plan on this. I always thought she was cool, but I never really thought her that way. I like my boys and girls techy and showy and athletic. Christy’s always been skinny and shy and my BFF since time began, and it’s almost wrong, like kissing your sister, but now we’re here, and it’s wrong, but it’s good, and it’s right, and I’m hers, and I love it, and …

The thing is squealing on the floor, and Goth Boy kicks himself away from it across the floor. He’s bleeding and burned, and his teeth are long, his eyes are red. It’s like the Midnight Son AR posters, like Darien Cross simflicks, like …

“JetBlack is _still_ the best performer of the century!” I think JJ loves classic music just to be pretentious, but I don’t really give a shit. Right now I’m just glad to be distracted. I don’t want to think about what Christy did to my mind, what she made me okay with. She reached into me, and I never even felt it. Wrong just felt more right. I couldn’t tell mom. She’d put me in therapy, make me talk about it more and more and … it wasn’t my fault. It was the magic. Christy Awakened, and she took a lifetime of friendship and turned me into a toy.

“I mean, consider this: We’re approaching the twenty-second century. We’ll see it in our lifetimes. All that time, and aside from Maria Mercurial, who could hold a candle to those jams? Dude is _still_ selling, and he’s dead!”

I looked up from him to the poster on his bedroom wall. “I thought JetBlack ‘lives.’” I could hear how limp my own voice was. I don’t think he noticed. I liked how he didn’t notice things. That must have been nice. I’d give anything not to see myself, either.

“Psh. C’mon. If he was, an artist like that wouldn’t be able to stop performing, and no one sounds like he used to. That whole vampire thing is bulldrek. Like, the closest we’re gonna get to an infected performer is Pariah Soul, and he’s just a ghoul. So, y’know, gross. Nice beats, but still …”

Stillness. A moment of quiet. One solitary second without the fireworks and the screams and the roars and the smell. And then chaos again. My hands go to my ears and my fingers pull at my hair. I just want to die. I don’t care. Please just let this end.

_That’s faith, pet. Why doesn’t yours shine so bright for me?_

“Because I love to keep a man waiting. And you love the way I keep you waiting for me.”

_You don’t really think you’re the dominant one in this relationship, do you?_

Down the hall, and there’s something far worse than bugs coming. It twists in the astral like a warped frequency,
