---
id: SW-0599
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Goals - Description
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Goals

## Description

Okay, so a couple of years ago, there were two ex-corporate brats who dropped out of a corporate magic academy. Not hurting for money, they started messing around with magic to spice up their parties. Starting with light shows and summoning spirits for entertainment, they quickly hit the New York club scene and made a splash. This was great—they had all the drugs, booze, and attention they needed. One night, when buzzing, they used some mood manipulation spells on the crowd, which went wild, but their actions did not go unnoticed.

Soon after, the mob had a quiet word with the dropouts, some money changed hands, and some clubs really hit the big time, right up until they were raided by the Lone Star Awakened Response unit and charged with unlawful magic use. Each person affected was a separate charge, and their new mob friends left the dropouts swinging in the wind. Brought to trial, the dropouts heard hundreds of victim-impact statements and realized with horror of what they had done. After they were released from Rikers Island, the two swore to never again to manipulate people with their magic.

They did not swear to never party again, and soon they gathered some like-minded shamans and hermetics who love a good blow-out. When they work, they make sure that anyone they use their spells on knows exactly what they are getting in for. These dropouts are still trying to make it up to their victims. They may never fully be able to, but founding and directing this group looks like a step in the right direction.

The group is united by their desire to party by night, but it turns out they are pretty good at magical research by day. It may be that the Glitter Party People eventually lose their drive to live it up all night at the club, but for now they are holding on.

They also make it their business to hunt down people who abuse mind magic and make it clear that it’s not acceptable. If people persist—well, that’s when their large network of friends comes in.

- For party people with such a cool name, they are hardcore on not messing with people’s heads. I like them, and they take all types. Also, they are pretty big on giving people second chances.

- Neon Fireball

- To support street magicians who don’t have the money, skills, or power to make it on their own.
