---
id: SW-0080
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Terms and conditions
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Terms and conditions

Not recommended for walking on lava. Must target a willing subject. Target gains the Chilled status (p. 51, SR6). Target resists the Burning status (p. 51, SR6) in an amount equal to net hits on the Sorcery test.

Target doesn’t show up on thermal sensors. This removes any attacker or defender environmental advantage over the subject if based on thermal vision.

**>** Grimmy’s programming has gotten really quirky. And it won’t let me delete it. I’m working on the problem. **>** PRH

to worry about the bends when you come back up. With Oxygenate, “swimming with the fishes” becomes a survivable scenario (Digital Grimoire doesn’t suggest testing this scenario). Oxygenate infuses the body directly with lifesaving, pure oxygen. No processing of earth’s dirty air needed.


## Terms and conditions

Oxygenate requires a willing subject. Oxygenate provides 1 Edge on swimming or diving tests. That point must be used immediately or lost.

Each net hit provides an additional die on tests to resist damage from suffocation, strangulation, or other forms of oxygenation depravation.

Each net hit reduces the Fatigued or Dazed status if the status is based on oxygen deprivation. While sustained, the subject is immune to inhaHEALTHlation vector attacks and drowning (if the subject remembers to hold his breath).

Overuse of Oxygenate can cause lungs to atrophy. If the spell is used every day for a week or more, give the subject the Fatigued I status until they go without it for the same number of days.
