---
id: SW-0665
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'TOIL AND TROUBLE - The Path of Blood - Posted by: Canis'
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## TOIL AND TROUBLE

## The Path of Blood

## Posted by: Canis

- With all the magical weirdness going on of late, I figured it was time we got an update on blood magic. So I turned to our resident professor, who happens to be a blood mage himself. I would like to take this opportunity to remind everyone of the rules of JackPoint, and that they apply to Canis just as much as anyone.

- Bull

- I always knew there was something wrong about him.

- /dev/grrl

- Yeah, he triggers my uncanny valley too, /dev/. But that’s due to all the ’ware, not the stain of blood magic.

Blood. That one word sort of sums up life in the shadows and conjures a whole host of mental images. For many, it’s blood on the sidewalks, spilled from ourselves and our teammates as well as our opposition. For some, it’s the way the corporations try to bleed us dry with their mass marketing and extreme controls on society. And for others, it’s fountains of blood erupting from some poor slot as a blood mage cuts his throat and uses that same blood to throw a killer Manabolt at you. It’s that last mental image I want to talk about.

I’m not going to pretend that picture of blood magic doesn’t happen, because many of us have lived it, myself included. You run the shadows long enough, and you’ll eventually run afoul of a blood-magic-using nutter, or a team of Aztechnology’s Bloodpanthers or Bloodwolves, someone who can turn your pain and injury into power for their magic.

- Winterhawk

- I’ve heard of Bloodpanthers but not Bloodwolves.

- Slamm-0!



- Strain II-Infected equivalent of the Bloodpanthers. Mostly mystic adepts, but some other Awakened in the mix too. Not as well respected and revered, but still high up in the food chain.

- Pyramid Watcher

But blood magic isn’t all about huge gouts of blood and flashy spells. Red, EB, and others did a great job of covering the groundwork in the _Forbidden Arcana_ upload, so I won’t retread that ground. I will, however, give you a small idea of what life with blood magic in your pocket is like for someone who doesn’t want to damn their soul.
