---
id: SW-0673
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Final Thoughts
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Final Thoughts

Blood magic is no more inherently evil than a gun, augmentations, a cyberdeck, or any other use of magic. It’s who is wielding it and their actions that could be evil. Just as we look at a gillette or a hacker or any other mage to determine if they’re someone we want to do biz with, we should look at the Awakened who know sacrifice. Many of us didn’t learn the technique for power’s sake; we learned it so that we would have an additional tool in our toolboxes so we could meet the needs of the world we live in. If you see someone cutting someone and using their blood, don’t jump to conclusions. Remember that old street proverb about assumptions and straight up ask. And do your fragging legwork!

I am _not_ trying to drum up business by writing this. What I _am_ trying to do is prevent some poor slot from being arrested or geeked just because they recognize that sometimes their magic needs a little extra oomph to get the job done. And sometimes, the only thing that will give you enough mana for that killer Manabolt or nova-hot Heal is your own blood. Because self-sacrifice is one of the things that sets metahumanity apart from the rest of the animal kingdom.

Oh, and one last thing. If you encounter a blood spirit, Lone Star’s DIPS, Ares Firewatch (though I wouldn’t trust Ares as far as I can throw the moon right now), the Draco Foundation, and some interested corporations will lend assistance if they can. Or call me. Because we cannot allow the souls of the poor creatures used to summon such an abomination to remain trapped within it longer than necessary. But whatever you do, for ghost sake be fragging careful!
