---
id: SW-0697
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'New Metamagic Focus: Athame'
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Metamagic Focus: Athame

Athame is the name given to a kind of focus used exclusively by blood mages. Traditional athames were ceremonial daggers or knives, and the first modern foci took this form. Aztec blood mages were among the first to be seen using them since the Awakening, in the form of sharpened daggers made from obsidian. Lately, blood mages of other traditions have been making athames

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

GAMEin forms more keeping with their own traditions, such as the razor-edged flint axes of the Native American blood shamans or a sickle used by some blood mages in India. An initiate must know the sacrifice metamagic to bond or craft an athame.

An athame must take the form of a melee weapon that can inflict Physical damage, and it functions the same as a weapon focus (p. 155, _SR6_ ) of the same Force. However, athames have an added element that weapon foci do not have: They can be used to store Blood Magic Points. To store BMP in an athame, the focus must have been activated (and is thus active in the astral plane) at the time the magician uses the sacrifice metamagic to generate BMP. The initiate can choose to store up to the athame’s Force in BMP, and they can transfer the points at any time before they expire by taking a Minor Action on their turn. This one action can transfer as many points as the athame can hold.

Blood Magic Points stored within the athame last for as long as the focus is active; if it is disrupted or deactivated, any BMP are lost. The points within the athame can be used at any time by the initiate as per the normal rules for using BMP.

It is possible to determine whether an athame is charged using assensing. Once a magician has identified that another Awakened has an athame, they can assense the focus’ aura specifically to learn more about it. With one or two net hits on an Assensing test, the magician believes it to be a normal weapon focus; three net hits lets the magician know it is an athame; and four net hits tells the magician if it’s charged—that is, if any BMP are stored within the focus (but not how many). This is in addition to the usual information obtained from a focus’ aura when assensing (see **Assensing Table** , p. 159, _SR6_ ).
