---
id: SW-0006
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Goat Foot (shaman)
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Goat Foot (shaman)

Simple job. No such thing.

My experience in simplicity exists in the nadir between doubt and faith. Juxtaposed concepts, to be sure. Nigh antithetical. But what is faith if it is not tested? It is forged in the fire of doubt, tempered and hammered and rendered sharp and fine, so that it withstands brutality with grace, alloys logic with compassion.

It also forms into an edge of mana in my hands, thrust forth with the whisper of prayer to wing into chitinous mass that was once metahuman flesh.

I don’t linger long enough to see the impact, though it should take less than an eyeblink. Allah’s grace flows at the speed of the spirit, the speed of the mind, and sooner than I can recoil around the corner, I can hear success. Pain as success. I blanch at the thought. The Qur’an teaches peace with your fellow metahuman.

These things are not metahuman anymore.

I feel oddly equal with my teammates. True, I’ve never worked with Red or EB before, but I’ve enjoyed their conversation on JackPoint, and in this circumstance, their inherent abilities are no help to them. Spirits will

brand their flesh as surely as mine, and their wounds won’t knit any faster. Equality in the moment is a personal aspiration, though right now I would rather their unfair benefits tip the scales in our favor. Alas, Allah tests us. We shall not be found wanting, not against this alien violation against the soul.

Behind me, EB shouts at the target to get down and follow her. I look up to see Red across the hall, covering us, his hands stained in the ego of his own magic. Black light leaps eager from his fingertips, and this one I see dance down the rotten hallway, closing distance between us and three of the flesh forms. Even their demon-speed cannot dodge magic, and his blasphemy finishes what my faith started. It chitters a half-human scream, releasing a spray of venomous saliva from its mandible-split mouth, a dozen pairs of legs along its flank grasping at nothing. The spirit cannot comprehend its stolen flesh, does not understand the death of it, only knowing evanescence as this world’s hostile manasphere kills it as surely as hard vacuum would kill us.

One down. Two to go. Then comes the shaman. A hundred more to follow.
