---
id: SW-0684
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'The Universal Brotherhood - Posted by: Red'
page: 152
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Universal Brotherhood

## Posted by: Red

For most metahumans, the first real encounter, knowingly or (more often) not, with bugs was the Universal Brotherhood. A multi-national charity organization formed in 2043, it offered a fresh start for those at the end of their rope. For everyone from disillusioned corporates and jaded celebrities to shell-shocked, chromed-out samurai and burnedout mages—and an ocean of the dispossessed, the homeless, and the SINless—the UB had food, shelter, rehab, and counseling for a world of people reeling from the rush and crush of the past few decades. The Awakening, Goblinization, the Matrix, cyberware, and any number of national and corporate identities rising and falling took a toll on the world’s psychological well-being, and the UB positioned themselves to address the needs that created.

For many, there was the eternal question: who profits? For most, it was easy enough to see

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

THEthat their political clout and extraordinary connections at all levels of society gave them enormous resources. Employment of folks looking for a second chance, whether it was a homeless chiphead or an executive looking for greater meaning, meant they commanded extraordinary manpower, and their charities and public works events equaled an income that turned even AAA corp heads. That was answer enough for the average salaryman, but niche cultures like conspiracy boards, shadow networks, and investigative reporters wanted to know what was behind the curtain. The UB had crashed onto the scene with significant resources and manpower to start with, and their leaders were experts at turning conversations away from their origins to their padded résumés of benevolent intent.

It was in that last group that the case would first see a crack. By this time, the Universal Brotherhood had over three hundred chapterhouses in North America, with another one hundred across the world, and a membership that had grown from one hundred to more than 35,000 in just seven years, with more joining every day. NewsNet journalists Zebediah Wanderly and Frederick Davitt uncovered the Brotherhood’s roots as an invae-worshipping cult born from a neo-psychology commune. Assisted by a few shadowrunners, they barely survived an encounter with several of the Brotherhood’s hybrid protectors and enforcers. Their escape was short-lived. Davitt was silenced first, as the partners were preparing their exposé, then Wanderly was killed while uploading their discoveries— now known as “Universal Brotherhood: A Web of Deceit”—onto Shadowland. Even then, it was widely disregarded as delusional conspiracy ranting, muckraking, or plain libel, and very few took it seriously. The Universal Brotherhood, through their connections, discredited Davitt and Wanderly, burying the tale at the source. Investigations were covered up by UB forces working within Lone Star, and it would be some time before another group of runners would discover a hardcopy backup and upload it.

- Hey, Many-Names, you were part of that whole thing, if I recall correctly?

- Slamm-0!

- We all have parts to play. I knew the swarm was coming and knew to avoid its path.

- Many-Names

- I can’t tell if that sounds like you’re a traitor or a coward.

- Clockwork

- You are a fool, regardless.

- Many-Names

Five years would pass until 2055, when several incidents across the world, such as Project Hope in Seattle, would reveal the existence of insect spirits, their hives, and their connection to the Universal Brotherhood to the intelligence agencies of the world. Rapid sharing of this information with other government entities led to a unified effort to shut down chapterhouses, arrest personnel, and seize assets as quickly as possible, while Ares, who seemed to have prepared for this in advance, deployed Firewatch teams to deal with the direct threat of bug spirits and hives. The truth of the Brotherhood was kept concealed from the public to avoid panic and private reprisals, and likely to keep from tipping their hand against the bugs in charge of it all. Despite their best efforts, the truth would out in the most disastrous fashion that same year.

- How did it take so long for people to figure it out? You’d think that many missing persons would raise some alarms.

- Chainmaker

- Weren’t you paying attention? The UB had bureaucracy to lose people in. It had lots of good merges who could keep existing, never vanishing but taking their place and spreading the gospel. And a lot of the ugly true forms could be hidden in the hives.

- /dev/grrl

- And for all that, their greatest asset was patience and plausibility. That’s all it takes to get in. Patience and a good excuse. It was revolutionary for the invae, an absolute masterstroke, and were it not for shadowrunners like you, it might have continued until it was far too late.

- Mamelu

- And it nearly was.

- Praxis
