---
id: SW-0017
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: '> Frosty'
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Frosty

Mana storms have been wreaking havoc on various parts of the world for decades now. Some areas have them consistently (I’m looking at you, Australia) but every continent has seen at least one or two (sometimes more) each year. We at least know they tend to develop at ley connections or where mana energies have been shifted and gathered, but they are as big a mystery as tornadoes were back in the 1800s. Until we develop some detection systems for this type of energy or whatever energy shifts led to the storms, they will continue to be an unpredictable magical occurrence. According to a recent study by an MIT&T field research team, the occurrence of manastorms around the globe has increased by 2.4 percent per annum over the course of the last fifteen years of their study. This increase has included a greater-than-average number of “bursts” where a manastorm erupts and lasts under a minute.

Across the globe, the mundane population has come to marvel at the many alchera available for public consumption. Alchera tours rise and fall in popularity based on the PR campaigns used to either cover up disappearances or mask the fact that you will never get close to the actual alchera and will be viewing it from afar. The dangers of alchera are variable. Some come and go, and while most claim it is a rumor that people disappear, I can verify this isn’t just a rumor. When an alchera disappears, it sometimes chooses who and what it takes with it. This fact is kept hidden from the public to keep the popularity of seeing these places high and keeping the tourist nuyen flowing to the corps and governments that manage the various sites and tours. Shadow and megacorporate research groups have found alchera that carry off individuals, leaving behind their clothes, electronics, even cybernetics. There has not been enough opportunity to study where they go, but preliminary data from a few returned subjects left them

to describe the experience as painless but certainly embarrassing as they came through the other side naked. Those who had augmentations were returned with their ’ware gone and their original body parts completely restored—which is beyond our current medical technology. This change is a medical marvel—and sufficient reason for funding alchera research to explore curative applications of the phenomenon—but the chaotic nature of the events is a major barrier to developing anything close to a predictable treatment.

More recently, new rifts and some small, brief, and spontaneous metaplanar portals have been popping up. These events have led to chaos in cities around the globe as metaplanar beings—not all of them spirits—have come across. Somewhat lost in a new world, these creatures tend to act in erratic ways, though most follow basic animal instinct tenets. They set up a territory, defend it, and then begin seeking out food sources. Predatory species are a bit more common for some reason, likely due to their tendency for roaming on the hunt, but entire herds of deer-like creatures, currently referred to as Seelie deer (though they don’t come from the Seelie Court) have come through and taken up residence in the parks and woodlands around Paris. They are smaller-than-normal deer, have six legs, but seem to have a similar diet. They appear to be thriving.

While the investigation is still pending, no one doubts that magic was involved with the disappearance of the UCAS Army III Corps. We aren’t sure if this was a portal incident or a metaplanar folding. What we do know is that if it happened once, it can happen again. It likely has happened before and even since, but not to such a large and obvious group. Legends all over the world talk about entire villages and populations disappearing. There is no reason to not think they could be connected to similar phenomena. Whatever those phenomena may be.

- This is making it sound like the disappearance of III Corps was a kind of random event, something that just sprang up, like a hurricane. It wasn’t.

- Frosty

- So what was it?

- Cosmo

- Still working on that part.


## **>** Frosty

Events like that have gone both good and bad— some catastrophically so. The point is, something about the current state of magic in our world is causing these issues. There’s speculation that it is due to the homogenization of magic that has thinned the spaces between the metaplanes in order for magic to regain its wonder. Paranatural animals were once thought of as creatures returned from myth, but modern science has slapped taxonomical labels on them, and several zoos have less-dangerous species on display.

The thing about all these gateways and foldings is that they go both ways and sometimes open to the same place over and over so intelligent beings on both sides can try to use them to move between worlds. Only ghost knows how many sapient beings from other metaplanes have made it to ours or what they’re doing while they’re here.
