---
id: SW-0674
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: 'Creep and Crawl - Posted by: Red'
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Creep and Crawl

## Posted by: Red

It’s funny to look back on the past thirty years and think how far we’ve come, insofar as the invae are concerned. I can remember a time when no one knew about the bugs. No one sane or alive, anyway. The concept of giant, pan-dimensional insect invaders was the realm of mid twentieth century schlock cinema, and the world had bigger problems. Corporate war loomed on the horizon, rumblings of Dunklezahn maneuvering to run for president of the UCAS … we had a lot on our plate. Those were the days of wirejacks and AI rumors. Not simple times, but retrospect makes it feel like it was simpler. History, however, shows us that simplicity is usually an illusion borne of ignorance. Makes you wonder, or worry, about tomorrow.

- Canis

- I don’t believe in tomorrow anymore.

> **>** Pistons


**>** Hell with that, tomorrow is a rest day.


- Baka Dabora

The funny part, as far as anything is funny about this, is that bugs were totally unknown back then. An urban legend, a conspiracy theory, a crackpot rant in the subway, but not real. Now? You can buy Ares Bugjuice in a lot of corner stores, tune in to any number of documentaries about the Chicago Breakout, and hell, there’s a musical genre based on the PTSD of the era. Bugs aren’t a secret or a conspiracy anymore— they’re very open, public knowledge. But the fact is, most folks don’t really know more than that. They get their information from the trid, and it basically says, “Bugs are bad, bugs are scary, upgrade your Knight Errant contract to include special Firewatch Protection Packages.” When you’re the boots on the ground like we are, you need to know how they move, how they operate, how they think, and how to kill them.

With Sticks gone, and Many-Names being … let’s say, cryptic, I might be the new top authority on bugs here on JackPoint. Believe me, that’s not a good thing. Yeah, I’ve been around, and I’ve had some exotic experiences, but if you’re the smartest one in the room, that means you haven’t got anything new to learn, and that’s never where you want to be. Especially since, like so much else in the past ten years or so, bugs have been changing more and more. So I hope you’ll understand that, while I’ll do the best I can, I’ve invited a few experts here to give their varying perspectives and insights. Knowledge is power, and when it comes to invae, you want that power just as much as bugjuice grenades and serious wards.

- Knowledge is of greater value when discovered for oneself. The wise teacher merely opens a door and waits for the rain to bring the student inside.

- Many-Names

- Glad to know you’re willing to help.

- Red

- I’d be more encouraged if it felt like it made sense before it was hindsight.

- Lyran

- Welcome to my whole world.

- Ethernaut

- I’m looking forward to offering as much insight as I can into hunting my kin. And remember: I’m more than willing to pay for any live specimens brought to me. Unlike Ares, you can be assured they’ll be dead in very short order. You can even watch, if you like.

- I appreciate the opportunity to plead the case of my people and to help further understanding as to why we are not like the invae you have faced in the past. We are here to help, and we will earn our keep as new members of this world we cherish together.
