---
id: SW-0622
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Description
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Description

Possession magic seems to have fewer adherents than the larger traditions, and even fewer physical adepts seem to follow the path. The Spirit Dancers aim to rectify that by creating a group to support the diverse and varying possession traditions. The group grew out of the Voodoo practitioners in the CAS but quickly adopted Aztlan adepts, as well as members in many of the Caribbean League. With such a variety of members, the group doesn’t conform to one particular spiritual tradition, but instead looks to link members of similar traditions where they can; where they cannot, they look to support them however they can. It is, therefore, not unusual for a practice circle to have a Voodoo practitioner from Louisiana next to a follower of the Popal Vuh and a priest of Tlaloc. Initially drawn together through personal connections and a desire to build a support network, it became quickly apparent that the traditions and rituals of the different groups vary widely.

Unwilling to throw away the only support group many of the adepts have ever known, many still choose to maintain an association anyway. This means that research and development of techniques is hampered by a lack of widespread focus through the organization, but at least members get to talk to other possession adepts.

It seems likely that this group will eventually grow big enough to split into separate groups, each focused more on their individual traditions, so look for that in the next few years.

So, while the group might not be able to get you the particular herbs and other ritual materials right away, they probably know someone who knows someone who can help you. They might even be able to act as an intermediary if you are having a spirit problem of your own.

- I’ve seen lots of groups this size split up and form other groups. In my experience it leads to one shadowy master manipulating hundreds of people to do their twisted bidding.

- Plan 9

- Sure, not just old friends catching up, even though they are in new societies?

- Neon Fireball

- That’s what they want you to think!

- Plan 9
