---
id: SW-0671
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Walking the Walk
page: 146
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Walking the Walk

Once you’ve learned sacrifice, things change. It’s not unlike the way things change after you’ve learned a new spell, or bonded a new focus, or bought a new firearm or another piece of wiz gear. But it’s also different. That is because of the subtle temptation I spoke of earlier. Blood magic is an almost unlimited power that you can use almost at will. But like magic itself, blood magic is just a tool, and when I’ve needed it, it’s been there. Hurt like a muthafragger each time I sliced my own forearm open or took a chunk out the inside of my mouth, but for me personally each use has been warranted.

Sacrifice is not a metamagic I admit to knowing often, because people don’t understand what blood magic truly is. And the last thing I need is a bunch of nuyen-happy fraggers busting in on one of my lectures trying to capture me to claim a bounty offered by the Draco Foundation and others. It doesn’t apply to me anyway, since I’ve never used death magic, but the uninitiated don’t know that. I would hope that Big D knew the difference, and the fact that he wasn’t more specific in his will baffles me.

- Perhaps he wasn’t deliberately. Dragons always have a reason for doing anything.

**>** /dev/grrl

Sacrifice is not something I am willing to teach just anyone who comes into my office and asks nicely while waving a credstick in my face. All magic can be misused, but blood magic especially, so while I evaluate any perspective student regardless of what it is that I’ve been asked to teach, the evaluation process for sacrifice is much more stringent. In every instance, I’ve made sure the perspective student knows the rules and guidelines of blood magic and the difference between life magic and death magic. I also look into the perspective student’s life and background and try to get to know them before I agree or not. And if I do agree, it’s not unheard of for students to decide that my methods don’t suit them and the price I’m asking isn’t worth it. Knowing the sacrifice technique brings a greater responsibility than being Awakened. Not only because you have the power of life and death in your hands, but because you have the ability to draw power from life itself. And from death, too.
