---
id: SW-0146
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Terms and conditions
page: 43
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Terms and conditions

Targets in the area of effect resist the spell with Willpower + Logic.

If Mob Mood is successful, the targets’ current feelings are adjusted by a new emotional state (happy, angry, sad, etc.). The more hits, the more intense the new emotional state. This can be disruptive to the subjects (applying a –1 dice pool penalty to tests involving active skills for every 2 net hits). Gamemasters can adjust the actual penalty when needed, such as reducing it when actions are based on the new emotion.

If Mob Mind is successful, for every 2 net hits, the targets’ minds are adjusted from their current attitudes toward a subject chosen by the magician (including themselves) in the direction the magician wants. There are four basic attitude levels: Hostile, Dislike, Neutral, and Friendly. The caster can adjust the targets’ attitude toward a specific subject, or more than one if they got enough net hits. This new attitude can affect social Edge (p. 98, _SR6_ ) while the spell is active.

The caster has no control over what actions the subjects take with their new mentality.

If either Mob Mood or Mob Mind gain 5+ net hits, the caster can make a Con + Charisma vs. Intuition + Willpower test; if successful, the caster has created a grunt group (p. 114, _SR6_ ) to start a riot, bar fight, protest, etc.



**==> picture [71 x 101] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Decrypted Layer [Under Pressure]

- Decrypted Layer [Here We Go Again]

- Decrypted Layer [One Day More]

- Decrypted Layer [I Wanna Be Sedated]

- Hello, I see that you are interested in Magic. I’m going to help you. I found this Spell!

- Grimmy the Grimoire
