---
id: SW-0682
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Entomological Ecology
page: 150
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Entomological Ecology

- And intimacy breeds wisdom, my friend.

- Praxis

- I know life well enough to shun purity.

- Many-Names

- Then color it with your own insights, as any painter understands every work changes by a new day’s light.

- Praxis

- Light is knowledge.

- Many-Names

- Perspective is shadow, shadowrunner.

- Praxis

What you call insect spirits are known in the old tongue as **invae** , a class of spirits native to a deep metaplane known as the Hive. What is the Hive? A place so far removed from your own as to make existing there toxic, a vast and expansive dimension of infinitely winding tunnels and chambers, stripped of resource and overpopulated with massive alien beings in formats not too different from your own Earth insects.

I cannot account for the correlation between bugs and invae. I, myself, am a mantid, and our psychology and lifecycles share a number of similarities with the Earth praying mantis. More than that, many types of invae and insects appear synchronized between dimensions—and therein lies a rather fascinating line of theory regarding the relationship between our two worlds, especially considering that they are so very anathematic to one another.

- Meaning you don’t know?

- Ethernaut

- Meaning there are ancient connections between this world and far-flung metaplanes. Is it not possible the Earth is, in fact, a crossroads of distant worlds? Certainly there is a unique nature to it, combining so many aspects of different worlds that have far more unity of purpose and expression.

- Mamelu

The Hive, being as overcrowded as it is, needs room to grow. Consider that the whole metaplane is filled to bursting with invae, and invae have a psychological need to breed and expand like any other lifeform. We do not come to Earth out of hate, but hunger. We need room, and we need breeding stock. The Earth is a perfect place for us.

Breeding is a tricky concept. In the Hive, we do not require hosts. But existing here, in an otherwise hostile metaplane, we require you in order to adapt. The hostility is called evanescence, while the adaptation takes the form of inhabitation.

Evanescence is the effect on an astral body in an environment to which they are not accustomed. You might consider the dissolution of a metahuman soul into the aether when separated from their body too long as a form of this. I like to theorize that you belong here as much as we do, and simply have the benefit of being born into a body built for it from the start. We must acquire our own, and you are not supplying us with viable clonal bodies to inhabit. For a more terrestrial example, it would be akin to living in a place with too little oxygen and slowly suffocating, or even in an airless environment. You need to adapt, or you will perish.

- I’d bet that the “viable” clone hosts she’s talking about are the same ones Infected can feed on, and that have the ability to wake up and be fully sapient.

- Doc Fangs

- It’s fine to simply consider them viable at all. Anything less is waste material and constitutes perhaps seventy percent of all clonal attempts. It’s a very inefficient industry, but for the moment, irreplaceable.

- KAM

- Oh, so Tamanous is a cottage industry, now? Home-grown organic produce?

- Bung

- Just stop.

- Hannibelle



Inhabitation is the means. By wrapping a metahuman host into an egg cocoon, a queen or mother spirit can invest one of her children into the egg, where it consumes the metahuman soul, replacing it. The more cooperative the being, the more likely we are to obtain its appearance, skills, and memories as a “flesh form.” The more resilient of will can deny their flesh to the invae, but it will not save their life or their soul. They hatch as a true form, the spirit as it once was in the Hive, but now adapted to exist in your world. The most common compromise is what you call a hybrid form, a metahuman body with a some degree of mutation into the shape of its claimant spirit. Some mutations are minor and capable of being concealed, such as sunglasses covering compound eyes, or chitinous dermal plates hidden under a shirt. The more extreme mutations often express in what you would likely consider monstrous forms, twisted but strong.

- How can you talk about this so calmly? It’s disgusting.

- **>** Chainmaker

- I’ve seen your account. For someone who stands up so vigilantly for metahuman rights, you seem painfully unaware of the autocannibalistic nature of your species. Is there much difference between us?

- Praxis

- It’s unnatural.

- Pistons

- Nature is far greater than your one little world. In fact, I daresay it teaches us horror, at times. The botfly lays its eggs in the eyes of still-living creatures, including metahuman children. It eats its way out. This is the nature you defend? If that is the standard to which we are judged, I say you are mad, and I am innocent.

- **>** Praxis
