---
id: SW-0007
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Target (Mundane)
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Target (Mundane)

The screams follow us from the pit. I can still smell it on me, the sticky stink like yeast. The punk bitch with the silver and purple hair is grabbing my hand, but I’m shaking, and still slick from the egg shit that was all over me, and it slips free. I curl onto the floor and can’t stop shaking. I didn’t ask for any of this. This is Hell.

Behind, I see another monster. Not like the others, the


**==> picture [612 x 399] intentionally omitted \<==**

bugs. Horns peek from a loose black mask, eyes like a human flash at me. But her legs emerge from loose slacks like stilts. A dark shag of fur. Little rubber booties at the end. Like hooves.

She leaps across the space, and there’s a sound like in the trids, but so much louder. So real. Fireworks like on the yacht for Mom’s UCAS Day promotion party, back when there was a UCAS and Ares stock wasn’t in the shitter. Back when everything made sense and Hell wasn’t around the corner and my biggest problem was Dean Temple breaking up with me before the Excalibur Dance.

It’s safer in that when. It’s cleaner and quieter, and I’m not afraid, and the noise is so loud. They’re shooting guns. The bugs have guns? Why can bugs use guns? Why do bugs have guns?

Why shouldn’t they? They can do everything else.

Across the hall, the goth boy with the sweet hoodie and the cherry-red hair is shouting something, and he raises his hands and steps into the hall, right where the fireworks are shooting, and metal falls in front of his fingers while purple circles light up like Christy Harmon’s AR graphics at her coming-out party when she Awakened. But I don’t have AR. I don’t have cupcake sensates and Brave but Lazy playing “Anyway, Sarah …” in my subdermals. This is real. This is happening. This can’t be happening.

Goth Boy is thrown back when another monster slams into his real AR—no, magic, real magic like Christy was supposed to learn before … before … No, here. Here it breaks it and hits him and he falls back, a thousand little arms grabbing at his body while he tries to hold its mouth away from him. His fingers are bleeding from its bug pincers, and its spit is dripping down and sizzling on him, and he’s screaming …

Christy and I were screaming right before Down for Stevie started playing “Why’d It Have to Be This Way?” They’d just finished “The Water Is Your Sanctuary,” and I looked over at her and she looked at me, and I knew. I knew she was the most beautiful girl in the world, and I knew she could probably read my mind and could probably make me want her, and I didn’t care. She leaned over and my first kiss was better than—

“Wake up!” Punk Bitch is shoving me, and I’m in Hell again.
