---
id: SW-0591
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: Strictures
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Strictures

Well-organized from a central Druidic Circle council, and well-connected to communities that aren’t encased in corporate enclaves, the Druids hear about ecological disasters pretty quickly and are often on the scene of illegal dumping or toxic chemical overflows pretty quickly. Once there, they often try to clean it up and find out who did the dumping so they can enact revenge. In Europe, the Druids often help guide and support TerraFirst! which makes both organizations much more effective. They are not enough to stem the tide (there are just too many people who are willing to wreck the environment for a cheap buck), but they are increasing the cost of dumping and slowly decreasing the number of people willing to do it. Whether this is having an effect on the bottom line of the corporations or just hurting the minimum-wage truck drivers hauling the toxic stuff around is a point of fierce disagreement within the organization.

Aside from their strong eco-activism, the Druidic Circle serves as a think tank for the Druidic faith. Without a grand high druid active, the Druidic Circle is one of the few well-connected and influential groups thinking and talking about the faith.

**==> picture [17 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: STREET WYRD<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

_Devotion:_ Members must be druids.

_Environmentalism:_ Members must not make the planet a worse place to live and must repair damage where they can.

_Solidarity:_ Members must not publicly disagree with other members (internal disagreement is fine).
