---
id: SW-0486
source: Street Wyrd
chapter: "\xAE"
topic: animal spirit tradition qualities
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## animal spirit tradition qualities

**Recommended Positive Qualities:** Mentor Spirit (Animal Spirit) (all),

**Recommended Negative Qualities:** Representation (garb) (Aztec)

have to rely on the hints and clues left behind by the animal spirit arbiters. This makes them attentive and receptive observers of their environments, reading the auras around them without prejudice, always willing to react to a more-or-less-friendly pointer—even if that makes them seem to act erratically from an outward perspective. Most mages feel an inclination—a special bond—to one of the animal spirits and choose them as mentors. Whenever disputing with spirits, even with their own mentors, Sioux shamans tend to be on their heels, though not resentfully so. They allow for the fact that other beings may legitimately follow their own interests, and accept that, to some extent, both the physical and spiritual worlds will always remain mysteries to them.

Magicians of every form can be found in the Sioux tradition, though their adept scouts, experts in reconnaissance and survival, probably have the highest profile.

Lacking both the lore and refinement of the Aztec and Sioux teachings, **Red Magic** is yet arguably the oldest of the Animal Spirit traditions. An archeological outfit called Tzuri Group introduced—or as the corp’s researchers insist, reintroduced—Red Magic to the world a few years ago, claiming to have discovered it on one of their dig sites. Followers of the Red Magic tradition believe that, for magicians, the instinctive understanding of one’s magical powers may well be blocked, but can nevertheless be accessed, by reverting to the “animal mind,” their animalistic side within, communicated best by the spirit of a congenial (often wild) animal, which becomes their mentor. Through the mentor spirit, they gain access to what they call the Domain of Red, which is not an actual place but rather is a force that connects all animal life in this world and throughout the universe. (Metasapients and metahumanity are generously included in their definition of “animal life.”) Red mages do not “learn” to use their magic, but instead try to “unlearn,” intermittently ridding themselves of their rationale.

Although the archaism (and the name) of this tradition may suggest otherwise, the proponents of Red Magic actively oppose blood magic, regarding these practices as a contamination of their domain of Red. They either choose to adapt to urban life, keeping their disgust for the degenerated ways of an over-domesticated mankind to themselves, or outright refuse any “charade,” openly celebrating their animalistic side and stubbornly facing the consequences. Magicians of all kinds can be found among them. The spirits they conjure display a wide variety of animal forms.
