---
id: TOV-0021
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus - (Skill) Gris-Gris
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

## **(Skill) Gris-Gris**

**from a glitch on their next test. If the gris-gris scores 4 or more net hits, the effect is treated** as a critical glitch. This is equivalent to the Accident power. Each glitched test requires a service from the gris-gris. The difference between the sympathetic and material linked versions is that the sympathetic linked gris-gris only remains viable for the next twenty-four hours, while one that incorporates a material link lasts until its services have run out. This grisgris only functions within Force x 10 meters of the target but will lie dormant until they are within range.

**Th** ere are a w **h** o **l** e set o **f** gr **i** s-gr **i** s t **h** at can help the wearer out in just about any skill imaginable. One of the best-selling of these with the tourist types center around making them a better lover, which is typically associated with Legba or Ghede. For the more practical runner, these charms can provide assistance on anything from shooting, punching, talking, or hacking. Each of these gris-gris are aligned with a specifi c skill.

When activated, a Skill gri-gris provides assistance on a skill test as a Teamwork Test— using Force x 2 as its dice pool. These gris-gris are specifi c to a single skill. In the case of Exotic Weapons, the fetish is for the specifi c type such as Exotic Weapons (Sprayers). There is no limit to the number of Skill gris-gris that can be used, but the user can only accept help up to their rank in the corresponding skill.

The effect of the gris-gris happens sequentially. Multiple gris-gris targeting the same individual are unaware of each other and would each roll individually against the target to affect the same next test.

**==> picture [210 x 66] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                      |                       |      |
| -------------------- | --------------------- | ---- |
| TYPE                 | AVAIL                 | COST |
| Sympathetic ill-     | (Force x 300)¥ +      |      |
| 4(I)                 |                       |      |
| fortune gris-gris    | sympathetic link item |      |
| Material ill-fortune | (Force x 300)¥ +      |      |
| 4(I)                 |                       |      |
| gris-gris            | material link item    |      |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [210 x 38] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                   |       |                |
| ----------------- | ----- | -------------- |
| TYPE              | AVAIL | COST           |
| (Skill) gris-gris | 3     | (Force x 200)¥ |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
