---
id: TOV-0022
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: Curses and H exes (Ritual) - Ill-Fortu ne Gris-Gris
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Curses and H exes (Ritual)

## Ill-Fortu ne Gris-Gris

This type of magical charm is part of how Voodoo has picked up a bad name. There are many stories about seeing a chicken foot in your yard meaning that someone has enticed the spirits to cause you harm. These come in a wide range of symbols. Some of the most insidious fetishes are the ones that are the most appealing to others. That could mean that a beautifully engraved ring or a beaded shawl is a home for a mischievous spirit. The key to these gris-gris is that they need to be targeted to an individual, which requires either a material or symbolic link. From there, the created charm needs to stay close to the target for it to be effective.

There are a great many curses and hexes that are available in Voodoo. The most common of these is the gris-gris of ill-fortune. But the other way is the use of ritual magic to harm others. Let’s be clear here that this is illegal, and most mambos and houngan aren’t going to be willing to help you out here—the trick is fi nding someone who with few scruples. I’m also not going to bash on those who have used these in specifi c situations. I’ve used them to enter secure locations without using lethal force by confusing the local staff, giving me that edge to make it through unscathed.

This ritual calls upon one of the lwa, beseeching them to curse someone or something chosen by the mambo or houngan. The summoning and use of the spirit’s power is handled through a single test as opposed to making multiple tests. The ritual team makes a Conjuring + Magic (Force, 15 minutes) Extended test (using a Teamwork Test if more than one person is performing the ritual). The spirit then makes a Force x 2 vs the target’s Willpower + Logic. If the target is behind a magical ward or protected by boosted defense, these defensWhile these gris-gris may seem like an exception to the general restriction against having effects beyond their users, the associated beseeching ritual makes an ill-fortune grisgris’ target its unwitting user. There are two different types of ill-fortune gris-gris. Both the sympathetically linked and materially linked charms use an opposed test, with Force x 2 vs the target’s Reaction + Charisma. If the grisgris wins, then the target of ill-fortune suffers

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE** 12

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**
