---
id: TOV-0012
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: Ginen
page: 9
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ginen

Ginen, also known as Guinee, is the mystical homeland of the Vodou-worshiping peoples. It’s also the name of the metaplane that is home to the lwa. This plane is a land of ancestral Africa and is also known as the Land Beneath the Sea. It is part of the Kindred Metaplane.

My fi rst trip to Ginen was years ago and was taken through the guidance of a houngan friend of mine. Originally, I thought that the Dweller on the Threshold was exclusive to members of the Petwo lwa. Each encounter left me uncomfortable, even though I was able to overcome it. Sometimes those challenges were drowning in a violent sea, surviving battles of

**wits, or even being confronted with the choices of my past that were counter to the service of** the lwa. But when talking to other vodouisant, I learned that what I was associating with the Petwo were just some of the members of the lwa family that were aligned in opposition to my path.

From there, the most common two ways into the metaplane are through either the crossroad gates or by traveling through the dark and turbulent astral sea. Along the way to Ginen, expect to encounter lwa journeying between the different realms. Some will be willing to talk and share wisdom if you’re properly respectful.

The lands of Ginen are vast. My experiences there were consistent through each of my trips. The sun always shines. The tall grasslands abut the hills. The warm sandy beaches of twa ilé with their bright blue sea are teeming with both people and lwa. And at its center is Vilokan, a city that feels completely connected with the surrounding land. Inside the city are markets, houses, broad avenues, and thousands of people and lwa. It was beautiful and still a place I yearn to visit again.

- Ginen is interesting in that it’s another of the rare planes that remains stable for each visitor. How it looks, those that are there, and the activities they take part in, are constant. This has led some researchers to classify it as something akin to the Faerie Plane.

- Canis

- Arcane historians don’t believe that it was always called Land Beneath the Sea and that the metaplane was changed when millions of believers were enslaved and shipped across the ocean.

- Elijiah
