---
id: TOV-0018
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: Luck Gris-Gris
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Luck Gris-Gris

There are a great many gris-gris concerned with beseeching the lwa to grant good fortune. Sometimes this is just asking for fi nancial success, but other times it is just general good luck that the wearer is looking for. These charms are most frequently found with lwa of the Rada nanchon, who often work on behalf of the people. Within Hoodoo, you will often fi nd a mojo bag, which is a fl annel bag containing magical telesma and fetishes. The spirit embodying the fetish will intercede for the wearer, helping to bring good fortune.

A protection gris-gris provides the wearer with a form of the Guard critter power. When the wearer rolls a glitch or critical glitch, make a Force x 2 (1) test. If successful, the glitch is downgraded and a service is consumed from the gris-gris—a critical glitch becomes a glitch, and a glitch becomes not-a-glitch. The gris-gris test ignores Glitches and Critical Glitches.

**==> picture [210 x 38] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                      |       |                |
| -------------------- | ----- | -------------- |
| TYPE                 | AVAIL | COST           |
| Protection gris-gris | 2     | (Force x 125)¥ |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Luck gris-gris are used as stores for Edge. As such, they’re able to affect the tests and actions beyond their assigned users—albeit indirectly (see p. 46, **Give ally 1 Edge** in _SR6_ ). A luck gris-gris can store an amount of Edge up to its Force. Any Edge that a character cannot accrue because of limits per round or based on the Edge rating of the character can be stored in the charm. No more than one Edge can be stored per combat round this way. Activating and using a luck gris-gris to store Edge doesn’t require a Minor Action. When spending Edge from a gris-gris, only one gris-gris can be used on a single expenditure. Activating and using luck gris-gris to spend Edge requires a Minor Anytime Action. A service is spent when the wearer has used (Force) Edge from the gris-gris.
