---
id: TOV-0010
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: '> Cover'
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Cover

Some of the traditions have divided the lwa into nanchon, or nations, to group the lwa based on their affi liations and predisposition. This appears to be an affectation from the branches of the religion, whose practitioners came through Haiti during the slave trade— this includes the traditions in New Orleans. A summoner is often aligned with one of these nations and will ask for aid only from lwa that are part of the nanchon. The most common nanchon are the Rada, Petwo, Anago, Ibo, Djouba, Kongo, and Ghede, with the fi rst two being the most dominant of the nations. Well, Ghede is not really a nanchon per se, but is more of just a family. The Rada and the Petwo often appear as opposite sides of the same coin, in which a spirit domain is refl ected by a specifi c lwa in each of the nanchon. The Rada are often seen as having a more pleasant demeanor and focus more on helping the community and family. The fl ip side is the Petwo, which are often seen as hot tempered with a mischievous streak or even outright subversive behavior. This has led many of the criminal elements in Voodoo regions to revere Petwo lwa. That isn’t to say that all followers of the Petwo nation are bad, but that any advice you get is likely going to be furthering their objectives and not necessarily yours.

To be frank, “summoner” is the wrong term to use. Interaction with a lwa is different from the relationship between mages of other traditions and spirits. The relationship between the lwa and conjurer is reversed. The spirit will provide help but at the cost of service from the mage, resulting in mages often being called serviteurs. These services are often part of the ritual of summoning, such as providing the right food or choosing the right day. And Voodoo priests have told me of times where the spirit they called upon declined to help them—or even lied to them. The hermetic mage in our group was shocked, even after our priest told him this is normal.

- Asking for favors from the spirits is not that unusual. Many of the traditions that have been classified as shamanistic or those based on ancestor worship require that the summoner offers placations to the spirit. So Voodoo isn’t all that unusual in that regard. Although I don’t know if I can really understand a spirit telling me “no.”
