---
id: TOV-0064
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus - Spirit of Ghede - spirit of Damballah - ( Spirit of Tasks
  )
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Spirit of Ghede**

**==> picture [90 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **spirit of Damballah**

## **(** Spirit of Tasks **)**

**==> picture [192 x 59] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS M<br>F F+1 F+2 F F F+1 F F F F<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>Physical F (Fx2) +2/2 A1, I3 (F/2) + 8 5/10/+1<br>Astral (Fx2) (Fx2)/3 A1, I4 —<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

Ghede spirits traditionally appear wearing a top hat, black tailcoat, sunglasses, and a cane. The Ghede spirits are a family of spirits that deal with death and sexuality. The lwa of this family act as a guide to the afterlife, but _which_ family member may differ based on the manner of death. Papa Gede is the fi rst man to have died and is known for not taking a soul too soon. Guede Nibo was the fi rst person to die of violence and guides those who have died due to unnatural causes to the afterlife. Others in the nanchon are guardians like Brav Gede and Guede Nibo.

**Skills:** Astral, Close Combat, Perception, Sorcery **Powers:** Animal Control (snakes), Astral Form, Confusion, Guard, Magical Guard, Possession, Sapience, Search **Optional Powers:** Concealment, Corrosive Spit, Natural Weapon (claws/bite), Noxious Breath, Search, Venom **Great Form Powers:** Divining, Immunity (Normal Weapons) **Weakness:** Allergy (diseases, Severe) **Weapons:** Bite [Close Combat, DV 2P, (Fx2) + 2/—/—/—/—]

The colors of the Fanmi (family) Ghede typically include black, purple, and gold, and symbology preferred by the lwa include phalluses and headstones. A traditional offering includes hot chili peppers, raw rum, cigars, smoked herring, and fried plantains. Ritual sacrifi ce is typically a black goat or black rooster.
