---
id: TOV-0002
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus - INTRODUCTION
page: 1
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

## **INTRODUCTION**

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

Voodoo has been a part of _Shadowrun_ since early in the game. It’s been used as a magical tradition appearing in the books _Street Magic_ , _Magic in the Shadows_ , and other magic sourcebooks. It’s also been used as a backdrop for a nation or city, like when talking about the Carib League or New Orleans. In other books, Voodoo is used as part of the archetype for some villain or faction that is to be feared.

In this book, we will provide rules updates to bring Voodoo fully into _Shadowrun, Sixth World_ . This includes some optional adaptations to the rules that provide players and gamemasters with the ability to make the Voodoo magical tradition different from much of the Unifi ed Magical Theory set of rules. These optional rules allow you to tie the magical tradition closer to the religious tradition’s beliefs.

Voodoo is a religion that is practiced by millions of people today. We ask that you treat it in your games with care and respect. Using it as a caricature of the villainous, top-hat-wearing houngan who uses possession spirits to make others do foul things or even enslave others to their will paints a negative picture of a belief in the connections between the spiritual, unseen world and our world. Instead, take a look at the material here, read some additional books about Voodoo, and then build it into the tapestry of your game to bring additional depth and texture.

Remember that we never punch down at those who’ve been oppressed, but instead we punch up at those in power. Stay safe in the shadows and stick it to the man.
