---
id: TOV-0026
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: Zombies
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Zombies

The lwa demand respect, which in turn means that the size and quality of the lodge must meet their exacting standards. Failure to provide an appropriate space and offering may result in the spirit not answering the call, or worse yet, a mischievous spirit from a different nanchon may step in to cause a bit of chaos. The Force of the lodge must be greater than or equal to the Force of the spirit that you are calling upon. Failure to do so may result in unpredictable results such as getting the wrong type of lwa, getting a lower Force spirit, or perhaps being completely rejected. When in doubt, the Force of the spirit summoned will be equal to the lodge. Setting up a

Zombies are corpses animated by the power of a spirit summoned by a bokor or caplata, as opposed to a houngan or mambo. This change in term is often used to reference a Voodoo practitioner for hire and is primarily used in Haitian Vodou. It has been used to signify that the magician uses their abilities for both good and evil. A big reason for this separation of terms is because the practice of creating and using zombies is illegal in most countries and often seen as distasteful. One country where this is legal is the Carib League.

Just because something’s illegal doesn’t mean that it’s not being done by some houn-

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**PAGE** 13

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**
