---
id: TOV-0047
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: shadows in focus - Game Information
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## shadows in focus

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **Game Information**

**table but lacks some of the nuance that the tradition the magic has been derived from. If** you wish to include some of these differences at the table, here are some additional rules specifi c for Vodou that you may use. It is recommended that you pick up some material on Voodoo to learn more about the beliefs and the practices so that you may avoid treating it as a caricature.

Voodoo is a Tradition of Faith (p. 104-107, _Street Wyrd_ ) and uses Charisma as the tradition’s drain attribute. The Vodou tradition comes with several strictures and tenets for members of the religious community. Breaking those strictures could result in the member being cast out for a time, which could be permanent depending on the severity of the transgression. Loss of the group doesn’t limit the voodoo practitioner’s magic but does remove access to the resources of the community.

Mystic adepts and magicians are core members of the religion. The focus on lwa as part of belief system make adepts and aspected sorcerers rare, while aspected conjurers are common. Just because aspected spellcasters are rare doesn’t mean that they are non-existent, and there is even a term for those individuals: voodounistas. For all Voodoo practitioners, a set of spells, spirits, or powers are aligned with a specifi c nanchon.

**Strictures:** Respect the lwa in all things. Support the community in their needs. Don’t harm another member of the community.

In _Shadowrun_ , many of the magical traditions have been simplifi ed to refl ect a common set of rules. This makes for easier play at the

**==> picture [34 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**
