---
id: TOV-0080
source: That Old Voodoo
chapter: General
topic: Buying Gris-Gris
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Buying Gris-Gris

There are gris-gris that are available for purchase. All gris-gris require (Force x 1 hour) time to perform the ritual to beseech the inhabiting spirit on behalf of the user. As a result, until it undergoes another beseeching ritual, a gris-gris cannot affect the tests and actions of anyone besides that specifi c user. Commonly purchased gris-gris are limited to Force 3 due to the requirements necessary to create the gris-gris, but it may be possible to fi nd more powerful gris-gris through specialized contacts. The services provided are set during the ritual, which includes the summoning of the spirit. The ritual sets a single specifi c action that the charm can do, which can be performed a number of times equal to the services that the spirit has granted and acts as a Teamwork test. For store-bought

Most of the charms provide help as a Teamwork test unless otherwise stated. The gris-gris will typically roll Force x 2 dice, and any hits are used as a dice pool bonus to the leader up to their rank in the skill. Edge cannot be used on the rolls made by the gris-gris.

Once the gris-gris is consumed, the spirit of nature is released from the charm. If the owner wishes to re-use the charm, it will need to be prepared again, as the spirit consumes the magic from the reagents while fulfi lling the aid.

**PAGE** 25

**==> picture [107 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 117] intentionally omitted \<==**
