---
id: TS-0095
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Gamemaster Advice: Designing a Case'
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Gamemaster Advice: Designing a Case**

**Assembling a proper mystery for a team of runners to tackle relies on a lot of the same basic concepts outlined above. First, set up the crime and devise all the clues and legwork that can lead to the relevant paydata. Second, determine how easy it is for the team to fail at their inquiry.**

**Determining the list of clues can be done from either working back from the solution to the investigation, exploring what the player characters are told by Mr. Johnson, or forging their own path forward. When designing the path of the case, you will likely bounce back and forth between the beginning and end of the investigation. Milestones are your way of measuring progress in the case and knowing if the team is stalled or if they’re moving forward. Milestones are also used to understand the connections within a case.**

**Each of the milestones needs one or more clues associated with it. The number of clues tied to a given milestone sets the diffculty in whether the player characters will be able to solve the case or if a single point in your evidence board will prevent them from cracking it. Additional clues also help the players feel like this isn’t a railroad and that their discoveries will drive the case forward and that you, as the gamemaster, aren’t pushing for the team to get the linchpin of the case.**

**When designing a clue, don’t focus too much on the “how they can get it,” but rather what kind of information it provides. During the game, if the runners don’t go the way you expect to retrieve the clue, try to use their method to give it to them. Let’s assume that a murder victim wrote a note with the name of their killer on e-paper that’s now in the trash bin next to their desk. The team doesn’t search this, but the mage decides to look for a local spirit to ask if they witnessed something. The spirit can then either point them to the bin, hinting at feeling**



**something there or even directly mention the paper. Bottom line, the clue—the connection between the victim and the killer—has made its way to the runners’ hands.**

**Using an evidence board or other technique to plot out all the threads of the investigation will help you track the clues and milestones that will lead back to the criminal or source of the crime. The depth of the investigation is defned by the connection between your milestones and the layers in the clues. For example, some of the milestones can only be reached when the team has fnished others. If the runners haven’t found the physical evidence that makes the culprit complicit, they won’t be willing to confess.**
