---
id: TS-0026
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Changes due to Cybernetics
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Changes due to Cybernetics**

**Almost as disruptive as the return of magic to day-to-day police operations were advances in cybernetic augmentation. Like the Awakened, cybernetically enhanced individuals could easily overpower the average police offcer, and the response for most forces was similar: increase the number of cybernetically enhanced offcers in the force, organize them into fast response units, and send them out to wherever patrol was overmatched. This usually meant increasing the number of SWAT units, but other forces, most famously Lone Star, attached Fast Response Teams directly to patrol.**

**Tactical divisions stepped up recruitment programs targeting mercenary and ex-military personnel with enhancements and combat training, offering them big sign-on bonuses. Offcers in other divisions were encouraged to obtain implants and almost every payroll department started loan programs to make it easy for the rankand-fle offcer to get augmentations of some sort. The average number of enhanced response teams, both SWAT and other similar units, in a typical force increased by a factor of four. Cybernetically enhanced offcers were the core of these units, but hackers were also commonly assigned, able to wreak havoc on the opposition’s cyberware. Awakened assets such as combat-oriented adepts or aspected mages were also added to most of these teams, as their numbers allowed.**

- **Before you start assuming that really good ’ware is too tall an order on a trooper’s salary, remember that corp-installed gear is a lot cheaper than the stuff we buy in the shadows. And FYI, if any of you fragheads are thinking that you can just sign on, load up a tab, and skip, all that legal drek is chock full of trackers, limiters, and kill-switches; getting it all scrubbed out makes it just as expensive as buying it on the black market to start with.**

- **> Chainmaker**

**Operational tactics also changed during this time. SWAT and other similar units stayed deployed in vehicles, fully armed and armored, acting as patrol units while on call. Statistically this means that at least one of these units will be relatively near any given location and be able to respond quickly to a call for backup. The previous procedure of SWAT offcers being called to the station to gear up and then redeploy proved to be too slow to be effective.**
