---
id: TS-0059
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Not-So-Clean Part of the Job
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Not-So-Clean Part of the Job**

**Unfortunately, in the line of duty, things sometimes get messy. As such, every cop should have several medkits at their disposal; at least one on their person (for when** _**they**_ **need it), and several more in their patrol vehicle for whoever else needs one. And for when things get especially messy, biohazard kits should also be stocked. Because trust me, suspects are never neat and clean, or stay that way for long. They also tend to have all sorts of nasty ailments you don’t want to contract.**

**These kits are usually a simple gloves-andmask set, but some corporations spring for full respirators. This is mainly in places where the air quality is already bad, and the vapor coming off a fresh acid rainfall is enough to gag a toxic spirit. Either way, cops come prepared to get their hands dirty. If that means picking up a bloody piece of evidence, or simply escorting a Drunk and**

**Disorderly who decided it was a good idea to let it all out all over themselves.**

**> I loved it when, out of pure spite, my suspects decided to “let it all out” in the back of my cruiser. There’s a reason it’s all hard plastic back there: easier to simply hose out.**

**> X-Star**

**One more thing before I get to the fun stuff. My training offcer once told me to always carry a working pen. Sometimes an electronic device isn’t handy enough to get to, or you may need to write down information on a card and hand it to someone. It sounds simple, and stupid, but it’s a piece of advice I’ve never regretted.**
