---
id: TS-0160
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Trickle-Down Effects
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Trickle-Down Effects**

**All this corporate collaboration and growth will also affect action at the street levels. Expect those Lone Star contacts and connections to become more valuable and intel-rich. With all the site security details and new friends they’ll be making within OmniStar and the new contracts they’ll be handling, you can expect their eyes and ears will be open to new opportunities regarding paydata and intel. Lone Star offcers may appear to be hardliners, but every single one still has wants and desires that can be exploited. Not to mention they’re still working-class joes who sometimes feel unappreciated for their efforts. It may take some work, but it can be done.**

**Unfortunately, you can expect Lone Star to be a bit tougher with all these upgrades, better gear, and updated tactics. You might also want to keep in mind that getting pulled out by DocWagon after being pursued by Lone Star could become a bit … sticky.**

- **Rumors are already circulating that this is a major point of contention between DocWagon and the Star. The latter sees this as a great way to scoop up more perps while the former is afraid it will undercut their subscriptions and bottom line. After all, no one wants to be saved from a firefight and then promptly turned over to Lone Star.**

- **Butch**

- **No wonder CrashCart subscriptions are up.**

- **Scattershot**

- **So much for using DocWagon as an exfil option.**

- **Stone**

- **With that in mind, I recommend you keep some non-lethal options around for dealing with the cops, so you get the chance**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**to work for LS as an asset, rather than getting beat to within an inch of your life (or past) and then sent to prison.**

**> Legal Eagle**

- **Yeah. If you kill a Star (or any cop), don’t be surprised if some additional charges (such as crimes against children) are tacked on to make your incarceration extra special.**

**> Icarus**

**Last topic is penal and corrections contracts. Lone Star had a lot and is raking in even more, especially in the Awakened criminal area. But the biggest deal currently is how a convict can get their sentence decreased or outright dismissed if they agree to participate in one of a wide variety of research programs. If you see your chummer get convicted and then a month later they’re back on the streets, you can almost guarantee they’re a ticking time bomb. Convicts are rarely used as test subjects in experiments with low mortality rates. Be wary of runners looking for work because they’re back on the street that quick. Usually, runners get a pass on the front end to do work for the Star, but that’s not the case after they’ve already been convicted and sent off.**
