---
id: TS-0169
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Subject Interrogations
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Subject Interrogations**

**No matter how charming the offcers are or how polished their social media feeds, every organization has an underbelly, and in Neo-PD, it’s Interrogations. Here, Renraku takes full advantage of extraterritoriality to get suspects to confess. Legal representation? Not allowed. Mental abuse? Commonplace. Physical abuse? Equally routine. Threats, intimidation, bribery: whatever it takes to get someone to sign a paper that says that they’re guilty and confess to the crime is on the table. They don’t go straight to handcuffng someone to a pipe and working them over, of course, but the threat of it’s never hidden, either.**

- **Neo-PD pushes precincts to clear crimes. They advertise that 95 percent of crimes will be solved, but internally 98 can risk your job and 100 percent is the goal. As such, there’s a**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**quiet business of paying off people to confess to a crime, with an understanding that they’ll get minimum or suspended sentences. They work with organized crime to accept patsies who confess to crimes and consider the case solved without having to go through an actual investigation. Plenty of gang members have learned that they get extra nuyen by signing up for a confession for some minor crime (graffiti, vandalism, etc.) to keep Neo-PD records clean.**

- **Kay St Irregular**

- **Wait, bribery? Cops paying somebody to take a fall? No way!**

- **> Riot**

**As a reminder, Neo-PD badgecams are disabled inside the precinct house, so there’s never any record of what goes on in the interrogation rooms. In general, you either want to negotiate a confession or pin the crime on someone else. You can keep fghting, but Neo-PD refuses to put a case in front of a judge without a signed confession, so one way or another, you’ll sign one—you just might have to sign it with your remaining arm.**
