---
id: TS-0015
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Municipal Police
page: 13
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Municipal Police**

**While less common than they used to be, approximately thirty to forty percent of police forces worldwide are still directly operated by local, regional, or national governments. The majority of those departments are going to run through local municipalities. That means they’re authorized and administered by the local government, whatever form that happens to take at a given location– town, city, metro, sprawl, etc. The agents or offcers are government employees whose salaries come directly from the tax base.**

**For those with more-or-less democratically elected offcials, the municipal police indirectly answer to the people. Public perception and political concerns take on an oversized role in the operation of these departments. A lot of effort goes into maintaining at least the illusion of serving the public good. The Neo-Tokyo Police Department (NTPD) and the London Metropolitan Police Service (LMPS) are two good examples of this traditional type of municipal law enforcement organization.**

- **The alternative districts of Berlin, such as Kreuzberg and Groppiusstadt, adopted a unique approach to policing. The Sternschultz didn’t patrol those regions of the ’plex, so the “reunified” city government decided to allow those districts**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**to handle it on their own. Which means the local gangs and warlords were allowed to just fill the role of local law enforcement. In Kreuzberg, for instance, there’s a Muslim enclave ruled by Sharia law and an Islamic gang called Jyhad-B acting as the local police force.**

**> Stout**

**In more authoritarian governments, law enforcement operates with much less concern for public image and with little to no public accountability. While these organizations are technically municipal, more often than not they exist to control the population, not serve it. Police in these areas typically allocate more resources to maintaining the government’s control and stamping out political dissent than controlling crime.**

**> Dealing with this kind of repressive police, it can be a coin toss for runners. Heads, they might not give a frag about “foreign visitors” and just stay focused on keeping their citizens in line. Tails, they might see runners as possible agitators, saboteurs, or worse, a challenge to their authority, and pull out the big guns right away to stop said threat with extreme prejudice. Try to figure out where the coin is likely to land before pulling your job there.**

**> Kane**

- **On the bright side, such repressive police are often extremely corrupt, so you might be able to alleviate such concerns by passing along a fat credstick to the local commander.**

- **> Haze**
