---
id: TS-0130
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Relations with the Shadows
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Relations with the Shadows**

**Since this document is meant for JackPoint, and the wider shadow community, I guess it would be best if I got to the crux of why I’m writing this. Simply put, there are some misunderstandings foating around about us, and it was thought that clearing the air somewhat would be prudent.**

**First, I would like to state our policy regarding the Firms, shadowrunners, and others who dwell in the gaps: We bear no malice toward you. The Mission is our guiding principle, and there is a strong case to be made that the vast majority of you are, if not actively working toward the**



**good of the realm, at least not hindering it. Quite the opposite; we have received several tips from runner teams, which have proven quite useful. The former NDM fortress under Lambeth, the bug hive under Camberwell, the toxic cult on Barra, and the Mordred Society plot. All of these, and more, came as infodumps from shadowrunners, and all of those runners were rewarded for helping safeguard the realm.**

- **Rewarded with a bullet to the brainpan?**

- **Chainmaker**

- **Rewarded in the time-honored manner that runners are paid; with gear, knowledge, and nuyen.**

- **#!ERROR!# Unknown User**

- **Was … was Plan 9 right?!**

- **Bull**

- **Somewhat.**

- **#!ERROR!# Unknown User**

**We have our Mission, and it’s clearly defned. Protect the realm from all threats, both internal and external, safeguard the people, and confront magical threats whenever they show themselves. Beyond that, we deliberately turn a blind eye. Make no mistake, we know what is going on, and we have long memories, but we will not make the same mistakes as the LPO and the Templars in alienating the shadows. Partly because of the potentially valuable source of intel the shadows represents, and because they’re part of the people, too.**
