---
id: TS-0036
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "The Weight (a.k.a., I ain\u2019t paid enough!) - Tangibles"
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Weight (a.k.a., I ain’t paid enough!)**

## **Tangibles**

**The obvious risk is one of life and limb; peace offcers don’t have the luxury of avoiding the fring line when it’s their job to hold it. Consider the kinds of hardware anyone from a go-ganger to, well,** _**you**_ **, bring to bear against security. Even if you’re issued the best gear, you’re dealing with illegal and highly lethal munitions, reckless tactics, forbidden magic, and a willful disregard for all forms of collateral damage. You have rules, they don’t. Even if you’re not the kind of hero who willingly puts life and limb on the line to save lives, you’re still facing death or dismemberment. Is it any wonder why so many go right to lethal force?**

**I’ve seen both sides of the law, the fashing lights and the shadows, and by far the greater physical strain is on the cops than the runners. It’s not as simple as the violence. Lack of sleep, poor diet on the move, hours and hours spent cramped in a cruiser or buried at a desk. The bursts of activity are punctuated with the pressure of maintaining standards for ftness reports. Health suffers, and work can take you into some of the most disgusting places you can imagine (and you can: as a criminal you know where you commit crimes), so it’s pretty common to catch any kind of awful bug you can imagine. And forget calling off. If you’re not in the hospital, you’re coming in to work.**

**The risk of being a peace offcer (corporate or law service provider) is most evident in its material perils. Danger isn’t as simple as a perp with a gun when cops have to deal with amped-up go-gangers, toxic shamans literally calling up Hell on Earth, psychotics sporting more chrome than a t-bird and, as far as they’re concerned, a combination of all three. In other words, shadowrunners. They are absolute hell on cops, and not just because of the physical threats …**
