---
id: TS-0185
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Sternschutz ProSec
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Sternschutz ProSec**

**The corporation’s Law Enforcement division handles police security, while ProSec provides similar services for corporations and private individuals. Property protection services cover event security, plant security, and security for wealthy private individuals. The martial site protection employees are deployed for contracts throughout Europe. They range from a discreetly dressed guy in a suit at an exec’s gatehouse to a heavily armed security guard at a small corporation. But you shouldn’t think that the guy in the suit is less armored or armed—it’s just less obvious.**

**The second branch of ProSec is the Personal Protection Service. The range here is as wide as with property protection, if not wider. Sternschutz covers everything from discreet individual protection to armed teams in war zones. They even offer special protection, which not even the protected principal is aware of.**

**Both types of security personnel are armed, well trained, and have several body modifcations—and not cheap ones.**

- **Not to mention that there is severe overlap between the ProSec payroll and the Police Service. If necessary, the ProSec employees will support the police branch, and they are not nicer!**

- **Red Anya**


**at their disposal, including armored vehicles that are as fast as they are agile. Sternschutz Transport Security provides trained personnel to protect money and goods during transportation, along with their vehicles. This is why you can encounter the Transport Security branch all over the world. You can come across them in many locations, like trains, ships, or planes, whenever something valuable needs to be transported.**
