---
id: TS-0158
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Awakened Assets
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Awakened Assets**

**Manadyne’s connection has afforded Lone Star’s Awakened assets increased access to foci, formulae, reagents, and alchemical compounds straight from Manadyne R&D. It’s also opened up access to new recruits with promises of promotion and post-service “retirement” work with Manadyne. In the past year alone, LSSS has increased their Awakened staff numbers by 2,000 percent (that’s twenty times). Staffng needs are also up by similar numbers, which of course is one of the main pushes for additional contracts. This has ruffed a few feathers at Manadyne, as they’re looking at hiring hardened cops down the line rather than bright young minds now. The tradeoff, however, is that Manadyne is getting opportunities to cross-train with LS, which translates into realworld experience (and potential contracts) for their warding or spirit services divisions.**

**For runners on the street, this means a greater chance of arcane support coming with a patrol team and an almost 100 percent chance the response team will have more magical support than normal.**

- **It means two other things as well. One, street cops are strutting like peacocks thinking they’ve got wiz backup. Two, taking down a Lone Star magician can be a better cash windfall than dragging one of their cybered jackboots into a chop shop. Black market foci are way more valuable than black market cyber.**

- **> Hannibelle**

- **Be careful with that, as foci can be tracked.**

- **Arete**

- **So can cyber. And to warn off all those mage-hunters out there, those foci are worth almost as much if not more than the magician you geeked. And their bosses won’t come for them nicely.**

- **Ire**

**This merger has also put more bright minds into Lone Star’s arcane services, which is expanding the crimes they can investigate and increasing the amount of cross-divisional support. They still have heavy caseloads, but there’s more magicians to take the work.**
