---
id: TS-0111
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "We The Jury Find \u2026"
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **We The Jury Find …**

**Unfortunately, not every case is winnable. I do my best, but no record is undefeated when it comes to criminal defense. Sometimes the cops and the city get what they want, and that means putting someone like you away for a very long time.**

**Prison isn’t a place anyone wants to end up. It’s miserable. All the worst aspects of metahumanity all gathered into one spot, and separated just enough so they don’t kill each other outright.**

**If you end up convicted and going to prison, it’s not pretty. If you have any kind of illegal augmentation that can be removed without killing you, it is. This includes cyberlimbs packed with illegal ware. Anything that cannot be safely removed is suppressed through an inhibitor cuff, which shuts down the implanted cyberware’s non-essential functions and inhibits any strength enhancements. Eyes and ears still work, but illegal limbs are replaced with basic versions at your expense.**

**For someone who is magically active, it gets worse. Not only do they keep you heavily medicated, but you’re also kept separated from the**

**general population, effectively making you a semipermanent tenant at the grippy-sock hotel. They ft you with a Grey Mana inhibitor cuff, which effectively shuts down any magical chicanery you wanted to get up to, just in case the drugs weren’t doing their job. From what I hear, prison for a mage is a blur of misery, pain, and despair, and when they emerge, not only are their magical talents degraded from lack of use, but their mind is permanently altered by the use of so many psychotropic drugs.**

**For technomancers, treatment is similar to mages, only it’s a more severe feeling of being locked in. Matrix devices are strictly prohibited where a technomancer may be imprisoned, and from what I understand, their cell is ftted with a type of Faraday cage. The problem with trying to hold technomancers in prison is that so little is known about them that these measures may or may not work effectively, other than to infict trauma on an already misunderstood mind.**

**For my part, I don’t want your predicament to get this far, and I will do everything I can to make sure it doesn’t. If it comes down to it, I can arrange for you to get an “early release” before your court date. It’s not a cheap option, and there are many problems that follow, but it saves you from some of the future hardships if things take a turn for the worse.**

**Part of this “early release” is something I highly recommend to anyone who is looking to remain above ground and out of prison, and that is the full disappearance package. For a nominal fee, I can get you out of the city, to an undisclosed location, and set you up with a group of individuals who can change your identity. Not just your paper identity, but your** _**genetic**_ **identity. Full phenotypic alteration and DNA masking. Come out of this a completely new you! Everyone will think you got away, or maybe even died, but outside of some pretty heavy aura assensing, there’s no way someone will detect you. Go back to doing what you do best and get back at whoever sold you out and got you arrested in the frst place.**

- **I’m not sure I could go through with that. Complete phenotypic alteration and DNA masking would be effective, but I’d pretty much be a completely new person.**

- **Riot**

- **It’s not that bad. Give it a shot sometime; you might find something you like.**

- **Plan 9**

- **That’s the point, though. It gets you out of the system for good. Forges a new identity for you, and you come back to the city as someone who has a lot of skills and maybe resources stashed away, but no monkey on your back anymore. Take some time off, buy a new car. Or make a new name for yourself. Just remember, if you run into trouble, get the right Toole for the job.**

- **> Toolebox**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

> <br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [267 x 219] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 219] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 130] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
MAJOR PLAYERS<br>AND BIG-TIME<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [386 x 53] intentionally omitted \<==**

**> Let’s face it, we’re all more than likely going to meet our maker b** y w **a** y **of some sec** u **rit** y **corp goon’s g** u **n** . **Man** y, **if not all** , **people** reading this have had violent encounters with a LEP. And while there seem to be a ton of them out there, these are the current heavy-hitters in the biz. So here’s primer on them, on the off chance this paydata may save your hoop.

**==> picture [125 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [64 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

- Sim-Eon

- Sad, but true. I can’t argue with the underlying logic.

- Old Crow
