---
id: TS-0109
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "I\u2019ll See You in Court"
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **I’ll See You in Court**

**Say the case has progressed to the point where they do actually go to court. If it’s gotten this far, you’re likely in pretty deep. Maybe they think you blew up a Stuffer Shack, or maybe you allegedly shot a couple of cops; it doesn’t matter. If the case goes to trial, you have real problems on your hands. Still, I may be able to help mitigate some of the issues.**

**By the time you go to trial, you would have probably been cooling your heels in a nice concrete cell for at least a month or two, probably under heavy guard, and in some kind of isolation. Depending on what it is you allegedly did, there may be a bit of a media circus kicked up over this. People love a good story where the bad guy gets his comeuppance, and unfortunately for you, they are going to paint you immediately as the bad guy. Hey, I don’t make the rules; I just know how the spin goes.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 237] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 237] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [420 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Sure, they’ll try to maintain some semblance of order with the security guards there. But in the end, it’ll be just too much of a hassle to keep the doors open.**

**Trials are time-consuming and expensive affairs for everyone involved. Typical costs for most felony-level trials are between 20,000¥ and 50,000¥ in court costs for the trial itself, plus 2,000¥ per day of court appearances. This includes research into precedent on case law regarding your alleged offense, analysis of statements and evidence received for the case, and an intricate retelling of all the events involved, up to and including your treatment at the hands of any LEP or corporate security offcer. If the case drags on for more than a week, it tends to grab more and more public attention because of the likely volatile and sometimes controversial material handled by the case. The media loves that stuff.**

**As for the press, well, that’s easy. If the press is leaking confdential information that may compromise the integrity of the case in the courtroom, they can be banned fairly quickly. Likewise, if the press is unduly infuencing the judge or the jury (if there is a jury) in any way, shape, or form, keeping them in the room is a sure way to end up with a mistrial.**

**In case of a mistrial, this doesn’t mean you go free. It only means they take a kind of a mulligan on the trial and try again at a later date. Generally, a new judge and jury is selected, and this takes substantially longer, considering the media circus that revolved around the case to cause the mistrial in the frst place.**

**If this is the case, we can request there to be no media presence at the trial, and that the trial be closed to the public. Those two conditions can save you a lot of trouble going back into your chosen profession once the trial ends, and even if you end up serving a little time. That call is ultimately up to the judge, but let’s face it, no judge wants their courtroom to devolve into a zoo. Sometimes giving a little taste of what that zoo can look and feel like can speed this decision. For a nominal fee, I may be able to arrange for some of our city’s most upstanding concerned citizens to enter the courtroom and, well, let’s just say, put on a little show to demonstrate why this particular trial shouldn’t be open to the public.**

**On one hand we have the ways and means to get the press more or less kicked out of the courtroom, and also see the advantage of having them in the courtroom should there be enough attention on the case.**

**Now, this is all assuming you want to remain totally on the up and up. Far be it from me to assume you would want to use any kind of …** _**unconventional tactics**_ **to help you in your court case. But I have some ideas. Remember, once you are in the system, your attorney is effectively your**

**==> picture [35 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**
