---
id: TS-0280
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Detective
page: 159
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Detective

The broad term “detective” can cover different functions, such as criminal investigator or intelligence offi cer. It all depends on the organization or area they operate in. Detectives work within the realm of law enforcement, functioning as specialized investigators tasked with solving cases. Unlike uniformed offi cers, detectives focus on in-depth investigations, often navigating through a variety of small clues and social scenarios to uncover the truth. They’re employed

Conversely, some in those organizations can make just as much nuyen by looking the other way or making sure evidence disappears. Whichever direction is taken, that drive and hustle give them a leg up, allowing them to buy their gear and ’ware on their



**by various law enforcement agencies, ranging from local police departments to federal organizations. They may also work in the private sector.**

**Considered to be of a higher status within their respective organizations, a detective relies on their combination of investigative skills, intuition, and a deep understanding of criminal thought processes and behavior to get the job done. A detective specializes in gathering evidence and solving crimes. Detectives also work closely with other enforcement agencies, whether they’re government or corporate, to uncover the truth (for the most part). Their primary goal is to establish motives, identify perpetrators, and collect the necessary evidence for a prosecutor to pursue the case.**

**They possess excellent problem-solving abilities, critical thinking skills, and attention to detail to connect the dots to solve the case. At a crime scene they’ll often supervise or assist CSI techs with meticulously examining and documenting evidence such as fngerprints, bloodstains, and other forensic clues. They must preserve the crime scene and maintain the integrity of the evidence. Whether physical, digital, or magical, once evidence is discovered, it will be analyzed. This process involves collaboration with forensic and other experts, meaning a detective must be able to successfully communicate with professionals from a variety of felds.**

**One area a detective must learn to excel at is conducting interviews or interrogations of witnesses, victims, and suspects to gather information and build a comprehensive understanding of the case, which requires being able to navigate any social setting as well as knowing how to “work” a suspect.**

**Most detectives eventually become specialized in one area of investigation, such as homicides, magic, missing persons, or narcotics. They might specialize in fraud, theft, or embezzlement, which are common in organizations closely aligned with corporations. These detectives work with forensic accountants or digital forensics experts to acquire evidence to prevent future fnancial loss. Another type of detective specializes in Matrix crime, which investigates crimes committed through the Matrix such as hacking, Matrix fraud, Matrix bullying, cyberstalking, or piracy. Matrix crime detectives are skilled in digital forensics and will work closely with deckers (if they’re not deckers themselves) and other Matrix experts.**

**Finally, there are the much less common but harder to quantify detectives specializing in Awakened crimes. Due to the rarity, this category is much broader, and depending on the size of the force can range from astral peeping toms to magically caused murder. As seekers of truth, detectives navigate the criminal underworld while attempting to bring clarity to chaos. The evolving nature of crime ensures that the role of a detective remains dynamic and intellectually rewarding, attracting individuals who have a passion for unraveling mysteries.**


## **Detective**

**Metatype: Elf**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS EDG<br>3 4 4 3 5 5 6 5 4.84 5<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 10/1 A1, I2 10/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Active Skills: Athletics 1, Close Combat 4, Con 3, Cracking 1, Electronics 2, Engineering 1, Firearms 4, Infuence 5 (Intimidation +2), Outdoors 1, Perception 6, Piloting 1**

**Knowledge Skills: Criminology, Forensic Science, Local Rumor Mill, Local Shadowrunners, Parazoology, Police Procedures Augmentations: Cerebral booster 1, cyberears (Rating 3; alpha w/ audio enhancement, balance augmenter, damper, select sound flter 3, soundlink, spatial recognizer), cybereyes (Rating 3; alpha w/ image link, fare compensation, low-light vision, smartlink, thermographic vision, vision enhancement, vision magnifcation), olfactory booster 3 (alpha), taste booster 3 (alpha)**

**Gear: Hermes Ikon, 2 x jazz, metal restraints, Synergist business suit Vehicles: Ford Americar**

**Weapons:**

**Ares Predator VI [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA/BF, 10/10/8/—/—, 15c, w/ holster, smartgun system, 50 rounds ammo]**

**Shock Gloves [Unarmed, DV 4S(e), 5/—/—/—/—]**
