---
id: TS-0189
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Cops and Runners - By Kevin Czarnecki
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Cops and Runners

## By Kevin Czarnecki

Rick “Red” Lang

Darrington Correctional Facility, Free City of Seattle

May 8, 2083

18:07 PDT

Buzz. Click. Clatter.

I’ve walked these halls so many times over the years that I have a small drum-and-bass song that loops in my head for hours after that sound, every time, like clockwork. Someday I’m going to fi gure out how to mix it as a track just to get it out and be done with it. I always seem to be busy, though. Busy with things like this.

McNamara has aged since we fi rst made our

agreement. Sporting a salt-and-pepper fl at top, and what was once a lazy fi ve o’clock shadow has become a surprisingly well-groomed beard. Promotion has agreed with him, or at least the pay. And he knows no small amount of his reputation as a genuinely innocent defendant’s best hope for reprieve (and the follow-up investigations that lead to the real criminal, often at my own expense) are due to me. The best parasites try to be symbiotes, and being a parasite myself, our partnership has worked well for both of us for over a decade. His salary increases, and I maintain my constantly decaying soul with the damned and doomed rather than inoffensive bystanders, preserving what humanity I can, considering what I am.

So, when McNamara tells me he needs help, and that his job is on the line, I know this isn’t about favors owed. This is about saving our collective asses.

“Nice offi ce,” I say as I take a seat, ears popping from the cone of silence he just activated. “Lieutenant … it suits you.” The view from Darrington isn’t much to speak of, bulletproof glass with wire mesh into the zero-zone secure


**==> picture [239 x 248] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [240 x 248] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [136 x 425] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [341 x 178] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [138 x 178] intentionally omitted \<==**

perimeter, but McNamara had gotten some cozy, broken-in synthleather furniture. The cinderblock aesthetic borders on a kind of noir detective/basement academic bent, and I wonder what he was going for, let alone what it said about him.

“Shut up.”

He’s already behind his big, strategically wooden desk, pouring himself a glass of Suntori. He knows better than to bother offering me one, but I notice the year and know he’s not doing himself any favors. This isn’t indulgence, it’s medication. The fl ush of heat in his body tells me it’s not his fi rst one, while his aura has the vague tremble of nerves. Between the low light and the smoke drifting in the slow-turning fan’s wake, I can’t help but feel like I saw this in a movie, once.

He pulls an old optical chip, the kind no one uses anymore, and slots it into an antique trid hidden among the detritus that fi lls his desk in the age of paperless workspaces. Navigating the menu, he brings up a series of inmate registration fi les: names, crimes, the almost unnecessary formality of sentence length, considering Darrington, where

only the worst are exiled into darkness and guarded better than nuclear waste. There’s only two kinds of sentences: Life and Death. The images stop fl ipping on one face (Yuri Morozov, Death), then another (Yuki K, Death), then another (Ulises Pentov, Death). The three are clustered in a holding pattern as others begin to collect in groups with lines between them.

“We have a leak.”

He walks over to the screen and taps the three. “These ones were held up in bureaucracy, delaying their execution. Every one of them is ice, remorseless bastards who make your kind look like choirboys.”

“You’ve clearly never met a Sylvestrine.”

He rolls his eyes and turns back to the screen. “Here’s the problem. You know Darrington is a castle facing inward. These aren’t people we hold here. These are real-life monsters, and keeping the animals in the cage isn’t an ethical quandary; it’s a priority for survival. So, when I say they’re locked up tighter than an Embracer’s hug, I need you to understand that’s not just bulldrek. These are powerful, bad people, sometimes with



**extraordinary means we have to outfox. And this place is about the best fox trap you could hope for.”**

**“What kind of means?”**

**“Mob killers owed favors, government spooks who know every trick and have agencies on the outside working paper and pros to get them downgraded to somewhere they can escape, mages with all kinds of crap. You understand they see sunlight for an hour a week, right? And that’s under armed guards and auto turrets, chained and inside a cage like a little dog. We don’t take chances, Red.”**

**“So, what’s the problem? Aside from Lone Star’s habit of putting the wrong people in here?”**

**“Hey, that’s worked out for both of us,” McNamara says as he rounds on me, as though he’s run this through his head a hundred times. After all these years, he probably can. He knows ethical feeding means more to me than his pension does to him. “But it’s not going to, anymore, if people fnd out inmates are escaping.”**

**“And you don’t know how they’re doing it?”**

**“If I knew that, why would I need you?” I gesture to the screen. “Looks like you’ve taken a stab at it.”**

**“Of course I have! And I’ve kept the news to as few guards as possible.”**

**“Counterintuitive to fnding your leak.”**

**“Not if they’re in on it. And not if one of them reports back to review boards.”**

**I shrug. “Fair enough. So, what, you want me to read minds? You know that’s not subtle, right?”**

**“The prisoners here don’t have rights, not anymore. They don’t get a say, and they don’t get a lawyer.”**

**“I can’t just cast something like that over and over. I’ll need rest ... and time.”**

**“I’ve got a spot for you; you can stay right here. Lightproof, fake credentials, full boat.”**

**“I can’t read every prisoner.”**

**“Don’t have to. Look.” He activates the screen again, names picked out, subsuming the rest. “We start here, associations, geography, the whole thing. Play it how you want, Rick. I’ve done my end on this and then some.” He stares at the trid for a moment, somewhere far away, before turning to me. The mask I’ve come to see as his natural form has slipped, and he’s tired, more real than ever before. It’s genuinely alarming after all these years.**

**“Red, this is dangerous drek. These are dangerous people. I deal with you because I can take your money and sleep at night and know that you aren’t hurting anyone who’ll be missed, and sometimes we actually do some good. Not a lot of opportunity to be proactive from here, you know? I’m not pawning this off on you. I’ve done the homework, and I’m just pulling you in for what you can do, the drek I can’t. I’m in this until it’s done. But I need you right now. Cops and Runners, but**

**we’re chasing monsters in the bughouse, keeping the bad eggs in one basket. Are you in, or do we both start looking elsewhere for what we need?” Shit.**

**Lt. Pace McNamara Darrington Correctional Facility**

**May 12, 2083 23:55 PDT**

**I’ve never actually watched Red do what he does. How he goes a day without putting a bullet in his head in broad daylight, I’ll never understand. But he’s never drunk someone down to zero on my watch, and they’ve all been the kind that are better off dead, anyway. Waste not, want not; not too different from selling a product that’s bound for the landfll, anyway, right? Then I fnd out I’m supplying a vampire with an ethical demand. I needed the money, and I fgured it was selling my honor for it when we started. And then, one night, he comes back out and tells me the lady is innocent. Four days to injection, and she’s innocent, and he’s gonna need someone else, plus her fle.**

**That was my frst “big breakthrough.” And he knows it. What he doesn’t know is that he spared my soul the night he refused a meal. Playing guard for pure evil is reactive, and here we were, purifying it, separating the wheat from the chaff. He doesn’t know I run the ones I’m suspicious about past him frst. He doesn’t know he’s been the failsafe for my conscience this whole time. He thinks I’m just a dirty cop, and I am, to a point. But I’m still a cop, and when we do some good, I can look my son in the eye when I get home and actually accept some of that hero worship he gives me.**

**I prefer that Red sees me as just another brand of monster, another fxer for a junkie. Fear and disgust mask how excited I get when he fnds another one, jumping into the feld with the intel I provide. He never knows how much work I put in on my end. Well, that’s over now, no matter how much I play up the cynical routine. I’m not** _**that**_ **good of a liar, not after sixteen-hour days of conscious cohabitation.**

**He pulls off government spook pretty well, even with that ridiculous hair. Aloof, entitled, not enough sun. Perfect. It’s enough for the creds I whipped up for him, enough for the guards we have to talk past, enough for the prisoners.**

**One after another after another. Edwards, multiple homicide. Francesco, serial assault. Doe after Doe, SINless and caught in the act, cultists and terrorists. They laugh. They spit. They scream. He plays it soft at frst, moves on to threats, then pins them to the wall, lifting them by the skull, and they piss themselves, mumbling as he relives their time here over and over and over, looking**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**for clues. It’s fucked up, and it couldn’t happen to nicer people.**

**We’ve spotted three who merit a “breakthrough” along the way, and this being unprecedented for us, he actually notes a couple for special selection. “That fucker should be fast tracked. Let me know when he’s up.” I have a feeling about a few, but one surprises me. Red calls it quits early that day, looks like he wants to throw up. We end up watching some old vids of his,** _**Double Indemnity**_ **and** _**Laura.**_ **“Those were the days,” I say, two glasses of whiskey in. “Oldfashioned detective work, good guys against bad guys. Fucking … clean.”**

**The whisper of a smile in his voice as he mumbles back, “We’ll skip** _**Chinatown**_ **, then.”**

**“You really think you’re Philip Marlowe, doncha, Rick? Think you’re the tragic hero in a dirty world?”**

**He shifts up on the sofa, regards his bag of blood I swiped from the clinic, chuckles bitterly. “If the world needs heroes like us, then it’s the world that’s tragic, Mac.” He takes another sip, and I don’t think it’s the favor that makes him wince. I straighten up a bit, conscious of how quiet it gets while Clifton Webb waxes his justifcation like any psycho, intellectual or not. Rick’s never been human (or elf, whatever) to me until now. I don’t like the feeling.**

**“Maybe … you got anything a little more brainless, next?”**

**“Fuck, I’m sure I have** _**Cobra**_ **somewhere on here.”**
