---
id: TS-0013
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: History of Law Enforcement
page: 12
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **History of Law Enforcement**

**To understand law enforcement in the Sixth World, we need to understand the history of policing and explore the reasons why it even exists in the frst place.**

**The earliest incarnations of what would become the police started in the ancient world. Wherever people gathered into large settlements there was a need to guarantee civil behavior. Often little more than an extension of the military, these early enforcers would maintain order in public markets and served as watches and frefghters, patrolling the cities at night. Private security also has its roots in early antiquity, with the wealthy hiring their own guards to protect their family and property. For most of history the investigation of property crime was also a private matter. A service commissioned by wealthy individuals who had the need and the resources to hire an investigator or thief-taker.**

**As cities and governments grew larger, the role of police evolved. Urbanization forced people who didn’t know each other into close proximity. Citizens could no longer vouch for their neighbors’ character. The previous civil systems of community self-policing became inadequate. Governments implemented laws to regulate large urban areas, and a new class of police evolved to enforce these laws. Of course, the governments of the time were rarely egalitarian; they were controlled by the rich and politically powerful. As a result, laws were slanted to beneft the wealthy. Police offcers were often appointed and served at their pleasure. This meant police were used to enforce the status quo by suppressing riots and protests.**

**Over time, reformers and activists pushed through new laws to establish the ideal that law enforcement was a public service for the public good. Reform was slow, but it eventually happened, and the police started to gain a thin veneer of integrity. Eventually professional and mostly impartial police forces began to (mostly) even-handedly enforce the law of the land without political interference or agendas. Or at least, that was the goal.**

- **Just a side note, the first police force established by law was in Scotland, in 1611.**

- **Icarus**

- **In the old United States, it started with slave hunters, using heavy sticks to break heads—a tradition they still hold dear today.**

- **Slamm-0!**



**During the twentieth century policing expanded, changed, and grew, both in scope and complexity. Law enforcement organizations were created at every level of government, often specializing in different forms of enforcement, and addressing the ever more complex needs of society. By the dawn of the twenty-frst century, the structure of local and national police forces was well defned. Municipal police were part of the local government, dealing with the issues of the community. Other levels of regional, national, and international police organizations handled issues that transcended the local jurisdictions or required more resources than local governments could supply.**

**At this height of government-run policing, new stresses appeared and the cracks that had always existed in the system started to expand, eventually causing much of the structure to crumble. The early decades of the twenty-frst century were challenging for both society and law enforcement. The depopulation caused by waves of VITAS (Virally Induced Toxic Allergy Syndrome), the return of magic (and dragons), the political fallout from the Ghost Dance War, and the population changes from UGE and Goblinization all caused social and political upheavals. This strain created worker shortages and budget shortfalls, training was cut, and recruiting standards dropped. Accusations of police brutality and malfeasance increased, public trust plummeted, and lawsuits against municipal departments skyrocketed. Offcer shortages, long hours, and pay cuts led to endless strikes and walkouts. This was especially bad in North America, leaving some communities with no effective police force at all.**

**As a result, some municipalities turned to outside organizations to fll in the gaps. In 2020, after eleven months of working without a contract, the Texas city of Corpus Christi became the frst to do this, hiring the private security frm Lone Star to replace its municipal force. In the following decades, more and more municipalities and even some national governments outsourced to private LEPs to cut costs, bypass the police unions, and get out from under liability lawsuits. Ares had already been providing corporate security, so it was a small step for Knight Errant to follow Lone Star’s lead and start pursuing municipal contracts. A food of other corporations followed suit, and today just about every megacorporation runs at least one law enforcement subsidiary, carving out their niche in some part of the world. Currently, about sixty percent of the police forces in the world are corporate LEPs, putting traditional municipal departments in the minority.**

- **If I recall my local history correctly, when the Seattle Police Department went on strike back in ’23, it only took a day for Lindstrom’s office to fire the entire SPD and announce that Lone Star would be taking over law enforcement. And less than**

**another day for them to get up and running. That tells me they already had the deal worked out well in advance of the strike. > SeaTac Sweetie**

**> They were also pouring gasoline on the dumpster fire that was 2023 Seattle. By being the cause of the crime spree, Lone Star was guaranteed to be able to quickly get things under control after they took over.**

**> Bull**
