---
id: TS-0120
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Extermination - Response Division
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Extermination**

## **Response Division**

**The second largest, and newest, division of Eagle Security is the Extermination Response Division. Colloquially referred to as “Bug Hunters,” it is assigned for the eradication of hostile spirits. This division boasts an incredibly high percentage of Awakened staff, mainly shamans, and draws the rest of its personnel from the best that General Ops (along with foreign military and law enforcement agencies) has to offer. The commander of this division is almost always an Awakened individual and thus is more magically inclined when compared to their peers.**

**Eagle Security Services’ greatest failure came during its tenure as the contracted police force for the city of Chicago. The city was overrun by insect spirits, and the Eagles could do little to stem the tide. After the loss of Chicago in 2055, ESSI was left with a considerable amount of egg on its face. Many believed its reputation to be irreversibly damaged and predicted the frm wouldn’t recover from the shame. Through painstaking efforts by Eagle Security leadership, the frm has survived and is even fourishing. Once the frm dug itself out of the shallow**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [210 x 174] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [211 x 174] intentionally omitted \<==**

**grave that it had found itself in, it announced a major change to its tactical doctrine: “We Kill Bugs.”**

**==> picture [211 x 174] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **This wasn’t just to restore its rep; Oceti Sakowin as a whole suffers from its fair share of bug problems. As you get nearer to its border with the UCAS, there are a plethora of perfect little spots that the spirits can hide. From ghost towns to large swaths of uninhabited land, plenty of places for spirits to proliferate away from prying eyes. ESSI’s enthusiasm for taking these critters head-on is based on firsthand experience.**

**> Sim-Eon**

**With a chip on its shoulder the size of a city that was formerly the third most populous in North America, ESSI spared no expense in creating the ERD. The division is broken up into multiple kill teams, each with their own special moniker, that are typically led by a highly trained shaman.**

**==> picture [211 x 175] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [105 x 278] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **They may kill bugs good, but they’ve got nothing on a Firewatch Team.**

- **Nightfire**

- **What they lack in Ares resources, they more than make up for in rage.**

- **Red**

- **After the events that transformed Detroit into Motor City, bug sightings and engagements have all but dried up. This led to some minor panicking within the corp. Because what’s the point of a division dedicated to killing an enemy that’s persona non grata?**

**==> picture [72 x 96] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Shockwave**

- **Simple. They found other extraplanar monsters to fight.**

- **Rifleman**
