---
id: TS-0154
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: History
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **History**

**Lone Star Security Services Inc. started as a merger between a security frm and a tech corp led by Clayton Wilson back in 2017 and represented itself as modern Texas Rangers. Based in Austin, it gained its frst municipal contract in Corpus Christi after their police force went on strike. Early execs were cowboys through and through, and that attitude permeated the company. It wasn’t a perfect start, but they kept building, and in the early 2030s, Lone Star gained extraterritorial status.**

**By the early 2050s, it held most of the municipal contracts in the UCAS (including Québec, through their subsidiary Gendarmerie) and the CAS, along with a smattering of spots globally.**

**Its biggest recent historical event occurred in 2077 with the merger with DocWagon, and Manadyne, under the umbrella of OmniStar. This “merger” saw changes to the staff, services, and equipment as well as the beginning of cultural changes, especially within Lone Star. They had their own particularly rough set of growing pains as their culture was the most diffcult to mesh with the arcane and medical corporations. OmniStar’s mergers have kept boosting Lone Star ever since, such as their arcane divisions getting major boosts from Manadyne.**

**Global contracts and representation for Lone Star skyrocketed in late ’82 as OmniStar courted Maersk with a lot of special rate contracts after Wuxing made some hard pushes to cut off the logistic giant’s second A-rating, opening the door for Maersk to possibly join the OmniStar fold.**

**Internal struggles led to a deal in ’82 with Charisma Associates to give them a PR boost. The deal with Charisma got Lone Star a brandnew PR campaign that is defnitely a compatibility test. Like their courting of Maersk, Horizon is also testing the merger waters. Should this happen, it’ll lock in OmniStar’s sought-after third A-rating and**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [164 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [66 x 322] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [164 x 145] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [164 x 37] intentionally omitted \<==**

**give Horizon the assets it’s lacked since sneaking into the AAA club; all while keeping its brand and autonomy like the other members. Nothing solid has arrived on that front despite numerous meetings between the heads of both corporations. But if Lone Star can actually enact the changes they’ve put in place, it would be a huge step toward possibly getting Horizon to join OmniStar (and get along with the other siblings).**
