---
id: TS-0204
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Blackmail: - How to Play Dirty - posted By: LSPD'
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Blackmail:**

## **How to Play Dirty**

## **posted By: LSPD**

- **Detective Ryder was supposed to talk a bit about this, but in his own way respectfully told us he wasn’t up for it, or at least that’s how I interpreted his “frag no” reply. So we got a pinch hitter for this rather ugly part of the discussion.**

- **Glitch**

**Blackmail is a game we all learn to play when we’re young. It starts out innocent enough. We learn that our siblings or friends have done something wrong, and we threaten to expose them**

**by telling someone in authority … unless we get something we want in return for our silence. From there, we lay out the terms and the particulars of the deal. But what makes blackmail so insidious is that it’s almost never a one-and-done deal; it’s something that can be used against someone time and time again.**

**As we get older, we learn how to use blackmail for greater and more aggressive ends.**

**Once someone knows our deepest, darkest secrets, should we really expect them to let go of such precious information, especially when it exerts such control over another? Not likely. Blackmail offers the kind of power over another few dream about, a version of the famed Sword of Damocles. If the secret holds enough power over the individual, the mere threat of exposure is enough to keep them in line and compliant.**

**It must be noted that blackmailing someone only works when it involves something of value. When the value of that something fades or diminishes, so does the control the blackmailer holds over the blackmailed, and vice versa. Even the most honor-bound individual has a limit, and those who claim they cannot be blackmailed are lying to themselves. If you’re the target of a blackmailing operation, remember it’s about control, no matter how fowery the wording or how subtle and compassionate the approach.**

- **Slick is the tongue most honeyed, hanging below fangs envenomed.**

- **Marko**
