---
id: TS-0057
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "Officer\u2019s Lifeline: Communications"
page: 38
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Officer’s Lifeline: Communications**

**There’s one piece of gear that is probably the most important piece a cop will carry their entire time on the beat: their commlink. These things have come a long way from the old shortwave radios, but certain facets of those comms remain, mainly as backups.**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**Modern LEP commlinks take a variety of forms. Some are special law enforcement versions of commlinks, specifcally designed for the modern offcer on the go. Others are repurposed military surplus units, and still others are simply unlocked corporate designs with proprietary cases and accessories. All wireless-enabled devices a cop carries are tied into their commlink, and that commlink is tied into the precinct’s host.**

**See, the size of a precinct used to only depend on the manpower used to patrol it, but now in modern cities, the size of a precinct and its surrounding beats depends largely on the strength of the Matrix signal provided by the precinct host, and how much noise is in the way. Each offcer’s vehicle acts as a repeater for the precinct’s wireless signal, creating an interconnected mesh of devices attached to a greater host and managed by a staff of LEP security spiders. Few precincts are farther out in a city or sprawl than about ten or so kilometers, and most are smaller than that. This means that the area they need their signal to cover is actually quite small.**

- **Depending on the contract holder and the terms of their contract, a LEP may also gain limited access to other companies’ communication networks; DocWagon and CrashCart come to mind. This is so the companies can coordinate in the case of a medical emergency or mass-casualty incident.**

- **X-Star**

- **Funny you mention that, but with both Lone Star and DocWagon now under the same corporate umbrella, they’re poised to have the largest communication networks in the business. Rumors are already circulating that OmniStar is pushing for a “if you want one of us, you have to sign both of us” policy. There’s been some pushback, but already the corp negotiators are flaunting some really sweet deals.**

- **Mr. Bonds**

**The advantage here is the LEP offcer communications can’t be easily hacked, as their devices are effectively extensions of the precinct host. Should a hacker want to go after a cop’s gear, they’ll be up against the host they’re assigned to, which is manned by at least one security spider at all times.**

**The dispatch spiders also have a few agents in the host with them monitoring the “heartbeat” of each offcer on the job. Should that biomonitor, man down system, or signal simply go dead, it is immediately assumed there’s a problem. If the offcer does not reestablish contact within a few seconds, this is reported to the dispatch spiders as a problem, and they immediately roll backup, while attempting to reactivate some of the devices on the other end, whether that’s the offcer’s vehicle, the drone from the trunk, or any of their communications devices.**

**The idea is no offcer, as long as they are where they should be, is far from any sort of backup. And high-threat response is always hanging around with an itchy trigger fnger. If these slags get called out, it’s time for you and yours to make yourselves scarce.**

**One of the more interesting backup systems available for cops when comms get shut down is the ability to still use some of the old shortwave radio communications. It’s referred to in the business as a “tactical channel.” It’s not super secure, nor is the range very long, but in a pinch it enables communications out to about half a mile. It’s voice only, so no data transfer, but if access to the greater Matrix is compromised, it’s still a way for the cops to communicate with each other. It can be jammed with broad spectrum jamming, and the signals can still be intercepted or even faked, but most agencies have developed a little-used tactical code for just this purpose and train with it for when the circumstances arise.**

- **Certain tactical teams specifically train for this kind of situation, especially when they know their Matrix and/or wireless isn’t secure. It’s known in the business as “going dark,” when all Matrix and wireless systems are purposely disabled. To some, it may seem like a major disadvantage. But when you have operators who can still do the job at the same level without the fancy tech, they’re not someone to frag with.**

- **Rifleman**

- **Sounds like some old-school ninja drek right there.**

- **Brutus Ex Mechina**

**Ultimately, the idea behind law enforcement comms is one of collaboration and teamwork. They want to know what is happening with their people at all times, not only for safety reasons, but for liability purposes as well. LEPs have been sued many times, and even have their own insurance just for such occasions. Still, the brass don’t look kindly on a lowly beat cop screwing things up so bad they get sued, hence the multiple fail-safes. There’s always going to be a grainy, motion-blurred picture, or some dingus rookie with their arm inadvertently covering the body cam. But for most situations, it covers police litigation well enough.**

- **And for when it doesn’t cover things well enough, you can call Kevin Toole. He’ll fight for you and won’t let these crooked companies get away with what could be your money, or your freedom! Don’t let yourself sit in a cell because a couple of cops say they caught you on camera doing something you shouldn’t! Get the right Toole for the job … call Kevin Toole!**

- **Toolbox**

- **Was that an ad?**

- **Bull**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Seems this place goes more downhill every day. Now the lawyers are advertising here.**

**> Clockwork**

- **Just bear with me, there’s a reason for it.**

**> Slamm-0!**
