---
id: TS-0124
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Keeper Smith'
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Keeper Smith**

- **A few days ago, I received this document in my inbox. The source is a mystery. I couldn’t trace it, and when I asked Netcat and Vixen to have a peek, they came up blank, too. I’m putting it up for general viewing, because of who these guys are, and how heavy they seem to operate.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **I can verify some of this, but whoever wrote this is clearly on the inside. Why they’d let this out, and to JackPoint of all places, is a bloody head-scratcher.**

- **eRic**

**The Lady bestowed Excalibur upon the rightful King, to be His right hand and the instrument through which He would vanquish His foes and maintain peace and justice throughout the realm. The blade itself was returned to the Lady, but its legacy echoed forward throughout the eons. For decades, Excalibur was the symbol of the best the realm could offer, wardens of the peace and justice that are the Sovereign’s gifts to the realm. But then**

- **What the hell is this pseudo-religious drivel?1 Is that really how the XD think of themselves?**

- **Union Jane**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Neuronet, and Ironmongers Inc. Training in how to use all of this equipment, and some early successes in rooting out the NDM traitors, managed to solidify things. It still took some time, but the Mission drove us all forward, and the anguish of those killed and wounded during the various attacks made our blood, sweat, and tears pale in comparison. By 2078, we were fully up to speed and integrated. We are the sword.**
