---
id: TS-0108
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Nick Ryder'
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Nick Ryder**

- **But enough of them are for the point to be made. I’ve seen my share of jerks who just want to get an arrest so they can look good for the brass. Some of the DAs are the same way. They don’t give one ruby red rat’s ass who’s guilty or not; all they want is to have someone the public can point the finger at and take the pressure off them.**

- **Juice Box**

**Sometimes, despite our best efforts, none of these options prevail, and the hard-asses at the district attorney’s offce push the issue to take the case to trial. This is generally because they look bad for not doing anything about the alleged crime that was committed and are being pilloried in the press as do-nothings and weak on crime. They desperately want to point the fnger and assign blame. That’s when we take the next step.**

- **On the corporate side, they can offer different kinds of deals. If someone with “marketable skills” has been arrested on their property, they may approach this person with a deal to work for them in exchange for a reduced or entirely commuted sentence. I’ve heard of runners taking on these jobs to get off the hook from a corporation that caught them. To the runner, it’s another job, but it doesn’t pay anything but their freedom, and even that can be questionable should the corporation decide to keep holding the crime over the runner’s head because they can. What’s the alternative? Corporate labor camp? Sometimes taking these jobs can get you out of immediate trouble, but you’ll be in their pocket for a long time.**

- **LSPD**


**only lifeline to the outside world, and while some guy in a suit may not seem like a lot, remember that that guy in the suit knows a lot of people who have been in your situation, and is probably even comfortable talking with them.**
