---
id: TS-0203
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Hannibelle'
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Hannibelle**

**This Juan tells me he is sending a crew to pick her up. We arrange a meeting spot and hang up. I leave my half-full scotch on the bar as I head for the door.**

**Three days later, a group of runners delivered a shaken and confused Samantha to me. They said to be careful, that she was dangerous. What did the kidnappers do to her?**

**It didn’t matter. She was safe. Twenty years later, she was fnally found. The next few days were a furry of activity around her as Lone Star medical staff examined what the kidnappers did to her. Several came out of the examination room with broken bones. Evidently, she had been used as a guinea pig for all kinds of experiments. She was a technomancer, yet the lab rats had given her a full suite of bioware augmentations and used her as a clone base trying to replicate the technomancer abilities. It was pretty sick stuff, but the point was, she was safe.**

**When she was fnally cleared to leave, on her last day she hugged me and told me thanks. I’m not sure if that was because she realized I’d been looking for her for twenty years, or because I was the only one who didn’t treat her like an experiment. She was being sent out of the city to a rehoming facility to fnd a place to live and to readjust to what amounts to the normal world these days. I saw her off that morning and couldn’t help but think I should feel better than I did.**

**If the world were a fair place, this would have been the end of it. It isn’t.**

**About a year later, I got a call from someone calling itself Remo. Remo said it had taken the names of the runners it from my contacts list and hired them to help his friend Samantha. She had no luck in fnding her family and had returned to Chicago to fnd the house she used to live in to see what was left. He said she was attacked and was in trouble. I broke into a cold sweat. I told this Remo to do whatever it took. See my face, use my voice, just get these people hired.**

- **Runners did what they could on this one, and Nick bringing in deniable assets indirectly through Remo was the right thing to do here.**

- **Hard Exit**

- **I can’t imagine how it would have gone if the local Lone Star boys went after a master shedim and his thralls. Maybe they**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**would have swung back through with HTR, but that first batch of officers would be dead.**

**> Red**

- **That’s ignoring the fact that from the time that Remo acted to the runners finding the shedim was less than a day. There’s no way that any precinct could move that fast.**

- **Hard Exit**

**It was too late, though. She was already dead. Killed in some sick game between a master shedim and its minions. Remo said it forgave me for not being able to help. All I heard was her parents.**

- **Shedim. Chicago can’t catch a break. They had to deal with an invested wasp dragon, a shedim, and the corporate invasion of the CZ.**

- **Red**

- **I’ve run into a sprite who goes by the name Remo. If it makes you feel any better, Nick, he didn’t blame you. He always felt that Sam just got a bum deal in a city that couldn’t care. If it helps, he’s been spending cycles hunting down signs of other shedim to target. If you’ve got leads there, pass them along and I can get them to Remo.**

- **Netcat**

**Sometimes, even the law doesn’t want to get involved. At those times, those who want to actually do something to help people need to tap whatever resources they can to get involved. Turning to runners is almost never the frst choice, but it is a damn effective one. I often wonder if I had hired a team to make sure Samantha found her family, or even a placement home, would I have at least been warned she returned to Chicago earlier? I’ll never know. But leveraging these people you know at the right time could help save lives. Even if it is just one little girl with bright blue eyes.**
