---
id: TS-0055
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: The Badge and the GI Jokes
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Badge and the GI Jokes**

**jurisdiction as well. In terms of academics, these old traditions actually have a lot riding on them. In practice, well, things may be a little different when it comes to day to day on the street.**

**It’s important to draw a distinction from entities like the Metroplex Guard. While LEP agencies such as PuebSec blur those lines, dedicated military organizations operate by a completely different doctrine. While a LEP offcer may have certain protocols to engage with someone on the street, if you’re unlucky enough to involve the Metroplex Guard (or something similar), you’re now dealing with someone stepping on your neck because you uttered some name you had no idea was on a watch list while crossing the border.**

**In addition to training in basic criminal justice, psychology, personal interactions, and de-escalation techniques are also taught. And of course, offcers are trained in frearms, close combat, subject control, and driving. Some specialists are trained in the use of drones or Matrix devices, but these offcers are specialists hired for this role and aren’t specifcally the normal rank-and-fle beat cops.**

**Further differences abound when you get into Aztlan and farther south, where the lines are nearly as blurred as the ones in the PCC. Being in a place that was a warzone until relatively recently doesn’t help. But in some of these places, a carbine or assault rife is a standard carry. Some places have more standard cops, but one thing more common is the prevalence of teams or partners as opposed to individual beat cops. It’s not often these guys travel alone.**

- **And most of these fraggers still go out of their way to make your life miserable if they can get away with it.**

- **2XL**

- **I can’t speak to all cops, but I know our guys haven’t had the time or resources to chase down petty tickets in Chicago. When there’s a cockroach the size of a cargo van bearing down on you, the last thing you worry about is if the guy you saw on the stoop three blocks back was baked out of his mind on deepweed.**

- **That’s because we’re smart that way.**

  - **Nick Ryder**

- **Canis**
