---
id: TS-0139
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Investigations
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Investigations**

**Home of traditional police work, Investigations is looked down upon by the gun-frst sections. Knights who are promoted to Investigation are seen as “going soft” by their former colleagues. Some are instead hired directly, skipping patrol operations entirely. SOP is that there is one Investigator per thousand people under a contracted area. But, again, only Atlanta hits that mark. Most have half that (or fewer), which leads to poor vice operations and crime-solving. Which, again, pushes KE toward solving crime by flling it full of bullets. Few magicians are found in this division, and they’re extremely overworked and underpaid.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Under Soaring-Owl, if they could have outsourced this, they would. Wilson got them the numbers that they have today. McGinnis intends to get all contracts up to the target number, but he can’t do that without more money. Where that will come from, only Bishop knows.**

  - **KE loves sending in the Cavalry like nothing else, but they won’t do it without legal protection. In effect, the local government has to sign off on the deployment, making certain that they have qualified immunity and free rein to shoot, stab, or detonate anything they feel the need to do to win the fight. Once the “Go” order is given, they hit like a freight train. If you’ve never seen them in action, count yourself lucky. They can and will leave entire city blocks flattened if they think it’s necessary.**

- **Kat St. Irregular**

- **Looks like it’s coming out of Cavalry and Firewatch budgets. That’s … unexpected.**

  - **Bu tch**

- **Gl itch**
