---
id: TS-0112
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Aigle Royal - Posted by: LSPD'
page: 85
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aigle Royal

**==> picture [125 x 100] intentionally omitted \<==**

## Posted by: LSPD

Here’s the picture: You’re enjoying the buffet at some high-class reception, surrounded by Europe’s elite, eyeing your target who left their safehouse and is relying on the hotel’s fl imsy security. Of course, things don’t go according to plan. Your decker is cussing in your ear because the backdoor they



**prepared this morning no longer leads to the security systems. And your infltrator discovered a drone observing them from inside a vent. Suddenly, you’re surrounded by suits with guns. One puts their hand on your shoulder and orders you to stay calm, fnish your hors d’oeuvres, and let yourself be escorted out.**

**So much for that plan.**

**Aigle Royal is a new power player in the Mediterranean. They specialize in high-end security for whoever can afford it. Based out of Nice, over the last decade they’ve built themselves up as a top-tier private security outft. They’ve also gone on the offensive, seeking out new contracts and taking advantage of the fallout behind the forceful reintegration of Nice into a French territory.**

- **If you missed the news about Nice, here’s the short version: The witch is dead. Thibault de la Ribaudière died on 5 November 2080. A few days later, the French government invaded the city under the pretense of “restoring law and order.” By 14 November, Nice was fully reintegrated into France and that was that. As a result, the Human Nation no longer controls the place like a puppet master, and everyone is welcome to spend their money there.**

- **Skarn Ka**

- **Their organization definitely lost their power and influence, but metaracism is still a thing. If you don’t believe me, just know that Brackhaven’s yacht has been docked there a few times since the city was reintegrated into France.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**Their price tag often limits their engagement to short-term contracts, but the frm’s founder, Simoun Chahid, works on the long term and is slowly building his rep utation within the elite. If your run involves a wealthy VIP or a highstakes event in France, GeMiTo, or the Maghreb Confederation, chances are that you’ll meet these agents in black tailored suits with a crowned eagle logo.**
