---
id: TS-0087
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Magic Tricks
page: 64
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Magic Tricks**

**As a mundane, I’m not an authority on Awakened shenanigans. I’m pretty sure spell-slingers reading this part will cringe and complain about my inaccuracies or oversimplifcation of things. Whatever. I’m**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**sharing my experience as I’ve seen it. Anyone is free to take or leave my advice.**

**The way I understand it, there are four different kinds of magic that can directly beneft an investigation: astral tracking, a few spells, a rare ability called psychometry, and the extremely unreliable spiritual world. The manner I’ve ordered them isn’t random; it’s from the most used and most useful to the least.**

**Let’s start with astral space. As far as I know, most Awakened magicians or individuals can exploit this “other side of our world” to read people’s emotions, check if they are lying, see if they’re augmented, and detect if they’re also Awakened, infected, or a user of blood magic. I even heard of some being able to spot technomancers. Needless to say, all of this is gold during interviews. Of course, most magical evidence is inadmissible in court except under the most stringent circumstances and protocols. But any information about a suspect’s or witness’ state can be used to help determine if they’re being truthful or not.**

**If the crime was perpetrated with magic, it may be easier to identify the culprit; if you have an Awakened on the case, that is. Every spellcaster apparently leaves a unique signature, and once another Awakened individual has seen it, they can recognize that signature. The problem, however, is that smart magicians will be cautious about that and have methods to mask or disrupt their signature. Also, this signature fades fairly quickly. Nevertheless, I’ve worked a couple of cases where magical ID led to a quick arrest.**

**Case in point, an abusive and Awakened husband used his mojo to control his partner for years, before ordering them to jump to their death through the window of their fat. We arrived at the scene almost immediately, and because a SIN was attached to a magic license, the procedure called for an Awakened offcer to assist.**

**In any call or incident related to magic or implicating one or several Awakened, even as bystanders, witnesses, or victims, a licensed magicuser is dispatched in order to assense the local astral space and to provide general magical backup in case things go sideways. Depending on the severity of the crime or incident, one can be borrowed from DPI, and if not, at the discretion of the shift supervisor, a pre-approved freelancer can be hired on the spot (following protocol and guidelines).**

- **It’s highly recommended, but not mandatory only because of resource management. What happens if no magic-user is available? Remember, one percent of people are Awakened, but only a portion of those have enough Talent to initiate, and many are barely able to cast a spell. At the end of the day, it’s a judgment call for the supervisor in charge: Does this crime justify the use of magical assets or not?**

- **> Winterhawk**

**One time, a stoned and bored hermetic mage on loan from DPI came with me on a call. She was half asleep for what we all expected to be a simple suicide case. We arrived on scene and suddenly she woke up and stunbolted the “grieving” husband! From this rather extreme arrest, we had a few hours to build a case against him, which was easy now that we knew for sure it was a crime and who committed it. It’s scary to think that without the magician he would have likely gotten away with murdering his lover/victim.**

- **Note that this kind of violent and sudden arrest was only “okay” because the perp was Awakened and had used mind control magic. It’s one of few times Awakened officers are authorized to act so aggressively. It shows, however, that being a magic-user is a double-edged sword and can be quite dangerous when dealing with police. Because your capacities are unknown quantities and misunderstood, Miranda laws and the associated proper procedure can be tossed through the windows faster than the victim.**

- **> LSPD**

- **For those of you who don’t know it, Lone Star’s DPI (or “Dips” as some like to call them) stands for Department of Paranormal Investigation.**

**> Nick Ryder**

**On more than a few cases, I also saw how benefcial astral skills can be. An Awakened offcer was able to track the astral signature to either the culprit or an Awakened suspect who was nearby. Again, I don’t really get how all this works, but my understanding is that this particular technique involves spirits instead of spells. A few years ago, a rather careless elf shaman was using a powerful spirit to commit his crimes in Puyallup. The minute Lone Star got the Seattle contract back, one of the brass decided to score an easy win by tasking a Dips offcer to track the summoner the minute he let loose another spirit. The HTR ended up blasting the guy since he (violently) resisted his arrest. Not perfect, but still a good day for us (and the marketing department).**

- **Speaking of these mojo people: even outside the DPI, there are a few Awakened ones considered to be of a lower caliber, such as astral sensitives or astral explorers. As I understand it, the former can only perceive astral, while the latter can also project themselves into it. That’s probably why they’re more likely to be found on the forensic team than their peers with “powers.”**

- **Nick Ryder**

**Before we talk about psychometry, I want to mention that a few magic-users I’ve worked with can often infer a few details in the astral space adjacent to a crime scene. It’s not an exact science, however, and it only generally succeeds if the transgression was especially violent.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Regardless, those little tidbits of information can be useful for getting on the right track. But be careful; they can also be misleading, especially if the perp orchestrates the crime to specifcally deceive you. Once, a particularly nasty killer tortured and murdered his victim, only to cover the fact it was a hit. Had we chased the serial killer red herring he was offering, we would have never found his client.**

- **See how McCarthy avoided saying that he hasn’t arrested the assassin, only the one who hired him.**

- **Balladeer**

- **Funny you should say that. Was this mess one of yours?**

- **Jimmy Kincaid**

**Now we come to one of the most useful magical techniques, which sadly cannot be used too often because Awakened metahumans are already quite rare and only a small portion can use psychometry (or so I’m told). Of course, most magic-users working as investigators for Dips or the equivalent in another corporation, such as Knight Errant, will defnitely try to master this ... what’s the right term? Megamagic?**

**Eh, close enough.**

- **Needless to say, there are a few initiation groups within security organizations more or less built around helping Awakened officers initiate and master psychometry. Many even develop their own variations of the metamagics and acquire some faculties that are specific to them. The ones who can’t master psychometry generally look for another career, as it can be a real hindrance in this line of work. Awakened people remain a hot commodity, so no need to feel sad for them.**
