---
id: TS-0206
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "Balancing on a Knife\u2019s Edge"
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Balancing on a Knife’s Edge**

**Moral and ethical issues aside, another consideration when deciding whether to employ blackmail against someone is the strength of that leverage. Someone getting some side action and keeping it from their signifcant other is one thing; having information that if disclosed will result in serious fnancial losses, maybe death … that’s**

**another. Determine how valuable the information is and how damaging it will be to your subject before you try and employ it.**

- **In my early days, my team’s then-face had the brilliant idea of blackmailing a numbers runner whose cooperation we needed. Turns out he liked the exotic dancers and the face threatened to tell the slag’s wife. Well, the slag laughs at us all, saying his wife already knows and doesn’t care. Worse, we ended up slotting off the local mob and spent the next two months running from hitmen and lying low. Moral of the story: confirm your information and know who you’re using it against.**

- **Brutus Ex Mechina**

**There are a few things to note when blackmailing someone, because this isn’t an exact science.**

**First, they won’t be happy with you, so don’t expect them to be friendly unless you make this information go away somehow. But given how blackmail works, that’s doubtful. Most of the time, expect the relationship to be adversarial.**

**Second, don’t expect people to fold as soon as you threaten them. Depending on who you squeeze, they may have the means and decide that burying** _**you**_ **is now in their best interests. Do whatever’s necessary to keep your subject in line or risk the blowback.**

**Third, don’t overplay your hand. Blackmailing is a balancing act that requires a deft touch. Pushing too hard could cause your mark to retaliate. Or worse, they’ll panic and do something stupid, like try to fx the situation. And that could bring unwanted attention or heat down on your head. Best play is to assure the subject that this is a one-time deal, that if they go along and play nice, this will all go away, even if you’re lying. In fact, assume that** _**they’ll**_ **assume you’re lying and try and work around your plans, try to stall, or even sabotage your efforts.**

**If you have to use blackmail, follow this advice so you’re more likely to live through it.**
