---
id: TS-0235
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Full-Body Scanner
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Full-Body Scanner**

**A full-body scanner is a device that detects objects on or inside a person’s body for security screening purposes, without removing clothing or making physical contact. The standard model is a sensor array booth large enough for a troll to stand inside as the device scans them, but there is also a wall-mounted option that scans the subject as they walk by. Some companies also have a portable arch model that can be used when a scanner is needed on a temporary basis, such as concerts, political rallies, or sporting events. All models feature a cyberware scanner, MAD scanner, olfactory scanner, and ultrasound functions.**

**==> picture [228 x 303] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
DEVICE RATING AVAIL COST<br>Rating x<br>SIN Scanner 1–6 2<br>500¥<br>SIN Verification Details<br>WHAT’S CHECKED AND WHERE<br>RATING<br>CAN YOU EXPECT TO ENCOUNTER THEM?<br>Do you have a SIN?<br>1 Street vendors, bars and clubs, patrol drones, advertising<br>systems.<br>Basic redundancy check on the number and vital statistics.<br>2 Gated communities, small commercial or fnancial<br>transactions (under 1,000¥), online shopping.<br>Redundancy check on number and statistics; query for<br>external data attached to SIN.<br>3<br>Ofce buildings, moderate fnancial transactions (1,000<br>to 50,000¥).<br>Verify all vital statistics; external data checked for obvious<br>conficts; biometric must be present.<br>4<br>Police and corpsec, major fnancial transactions (50,000<br>to 100,000¥).<br>Full verifcation and consistency check; biometrics tested<br>against sample.<br>5<br>Secure facilities, airports, very secure fnancial<br>transactions (100,000 to 1,000,000¥).<br>All possible verifcation; multiple biometric samples must<br>match.<br>6<br>Secure military or government facilities, fnancial<br>transactions over 1,000,000¥.<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
