---
id: TS-0073
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Sim-Eon'
page: 52
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Sim-Eon**

**Good morning. What a lovely day to do some training here at scenic Ft. Lewis, wouldn’t you say? My colleague Mr. White and I are here on loan from the Evo Corporation to make sure you all are ready for what will be asked of you. You’re all members of diferent tactical detachments, charged with supporting both your colleagues and the mercs running around your city playing cop. So let me give you an introduction, an explanation, of what I expect of all of you.**

**The strength of any tactical detachment is its unity. We don’t want the team to be a conglomeration of skilled individuals. We want them to be a monolith. HTR, SWAT, QRT, whatever you want to call yourselves, you need to be well-drilled so you can move and act as a single entity. The team better move quickly, shoot accurately, make no mistakes, and never get surprised. That’s what makes any tac team worthwhile, regardless of whose banner they might fall under.**

**When a patrolman kicks in a door, they move with caution and purpose. When a detective kicks in a door, they break their leg. But when your team kicks in that door, you better move from room to room like a well-oiled machine, so efortlessly that onlookers could imagine you all doing this in your sleep.**

**Everyone understand? That’s what we’re here to teach you. Anyone can put a shadowrunner down, but you’re going to do it with efciency. Let’s get to work.**
