---
id: TS-0191
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "Lt. Pace McNamara - Darrington Correctional Facility, Medical Wing Security\
  \ Checkpoint - May 16, 2083 - 00:12 PDT - \u201CWell?\u201D"
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Lt. Pace McNamara**

## **Darrington Correctional Facility, Medical Wing Security Checkpoint**

## **May 16, 2083**

## **00:12 PDT**

## **“Well?”**

**I put down the connection Warren managed to wire up and slump behind the desk with him, trying to drown out the crashing sound of feshforms smashing against the security door into the main building. “You know what pisses me off the most? It’s going to be Ares that swoops in here and saves the fucking day.” I smile over at him as he loads more shells into the Benelli before handing it back to me. It’s good to smile; it hides the wince from this fucking gash in my side. Under the vest, things are way too warm and way too wet, even after Rick’s hocus pocus to keep my insides inside.**

**“Believe it or not, I know Karen from back in the day,” Rick says, scooping hybrid viscera off his commandeered Thunderbolt. “Worst case, I could probably swing you a new job over there.”**

**“Karen?”**

**“King, Pace. Karen King.” “Bullshit.”**

**“Nah, quality Johnson in the ‘50s. I trust her a little more than the average company woman.”**

**I grunt, mumbling around my cigarette as I spark it with my twenty-year commemorative lighter. “I’d say a little farther than you could throw her, then, but I’ve seen enough crazy shit tonight that I**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**imagine that’s pretty far.” I laugh, capping it with the click of the Zippo. “Ow.”**

**something, but Rick knew better. “You can make a cleaner transformation if you’re willing. She was testing you out, seeing if you could somehow be made amenable to the change.” Warren, distrustful of anything that wanted to change him, was a poor candidate. Most Darrington inmates would sign the dotted line if the Devil offered them a way out and damn the consequences. If they were high, they’d sign it laughing. And Dr. Skye was the Devil. Skye was the Queen. And she was on the other side of a door about twenty meters away, smiling at us through the viewport.**

**Warren is looking at Rick the way I’ve come to, scared but glad at least one monster in the bughouse is on our side tonight. He’s been pretty solid, for a conspiracy hacker. Seeing how he burned through the locks of this place for the past three hours with nothing but my commlink and a pair of pliers, I’m genuinely starting to think he’s telling the truth when he says he’s here by design. I can’t tell if I’m going to throw him in a deeper cell when this is over or mark him off as a casualty and turn him loose.**

**I peek over the edge of the desk back at the door, the slowly-but-surely buckling seals as the beasts on the other side work their way through with steady, screaming slams. There’s no vents to crawl, no way through the walls. From here, it’s through them, or into Medical. And I really don’t want to go into Medical, anymore …**

**I looked at Rick, a hint of hope I didn’t want to show, but we were way past that after tonight. “You’ve done this kind of thing before, right?”**

**“Uh …” He looked both ways, shrugged frankly. “Not under these circumstances, no. This is … less than ideal.” He nodded at the speaker in my hand. “How long ‘til the cavalry?”**

_**“When this is over”? Fuck, we’re all going on the casualty list, tonight.**_

**“Soon.” I looked at the dents in the door, at the doctor eyeing us with perfect, gleeful stillness. “Not soon enough.” I held up the patched commlink trailing its wires. “Is there anyone you need to call?”**

**Rick had it fgured after they started coming for us. The whole facility is magically warded to Hell and back, layers of lead, FAB, and ferrocrete combined with crushed bone particulate, and the bugs have a natural cloak against magical detection. The more of them revealed themselves, the more I put it together: they’d all been through Medical. They’d all had long-term care. The ones who escaped were still here in the prison, gestating in the recovery bays, stacked in eggs like bodies in a corpse fridge, no one the wiser. Warren had freaked out, thought the bugs injected him with eggs or**

**“Not if Firewatch is on the way. How about you?” Warren shook his head. “I’m SINless by design. Just me … I guess, just us against the world, now.” I nodded, punched the quick dial.**

**“Hey, Trish, baby, I’m, uh … I’m gonna be late home tonight. Listen, baby? Can you put Josh on the line? Just … wake him up and put him on? I gotta tell him something … yeah.” I glance up at the buckling locks. “Gotta just … gotta tell him goodnight.”**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
IT’S WHO<br>YOU KNOW<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**
