---
id: TS-0202
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Case Study: Cold Cases'
page: 138
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Case Study: Cold Cases**

**A while ago, I mentioned the Carroll case I worked on. It was my frst real case after my promotion in ‘53. I was an up-and-coming detective, fresh off fve years as a beat cop. I had put in my time in the Windy City, and now I was going to save the world and right some wrongs. Sometimes wrongs just can’t ever be made right.**

**In the middle of a bright day on October 6, 2053, a little girl was kidnapped. I never thought my frst case would be a missing person, but I swore I wouldn’t give up on her as soon as I saw the pictures. Whoever picked her up did it right out from under her mother’s nose at a playground at Monroe and Peoria, west of downtown. At the time, it was a nice park, recently redone with modern equipment and amenities. People took their families and pets there all the time, even if it wasn’t very big, and the place even had a fence around the perimeter for added security.**

**Evidently, Samantha Carroll was playing with a couple of other kids when her mother briefy looked at her ringing pocket secretary. When she looked up, Samantha had vanished. Initially, she thought the kid had ducked behind the playground equipment, so she didn’t think anything of it at frst. But when Samantha didn’t emerge in the next few seconds, she began to worry, and got up to check behind where she couldn’t see. It was then that one of a parent’s worst fears was realized. Samantha was gone, and no one nearby seemed to see where she went or if she left with anyone.**

**I could only imagine the anguish her parents went through by the time the fles hit my desk, a series of pictures of a happy little girl with bright blue eyes. I told them not to worry, that I would fnd their missing daughter. I was confdent, sure in my abilities.**

**Over the next two weeks, I knew the meaning of being beaten down. Each night I tried to give an update on the case to the parents, to keep them apprised that we were doing everything we could. And each night I had almost nothing. Traffc cams didn’t see anything, and no witnesses came forward. It was like this girl simply disappeared.**

**By the third week, I was getting desperate. I started to lean on the new contacts I’d inherited from Tavares. Surely they’d know something about this missing girl. By the time Tavares had to restrain me and pull me back, I had my gun to the head of a scumbag goon working for Jimmy O’Toole who was spilling his guts about the**



**prostitution and drug rackets his boss was into. As I collected myself, he made some comment about not knowing anything, but if he did … He didn’t get a chance to fnish his statement, as I had already pistol whipped him into unconsciousness. I never did see that drekhead again.**

**Leads dried up. No more tips came in. By mid2054, the case was all but considered closed by the higher ups. The parents said they forgave me for not fnding their daughter, but I could see the truth in the mother’s eyes. She never did. I can’t say I blame her.**

**I kept that fle in my car. It was all the evidence we really had. It was my reminder. The rest of the whole damn company can forget, but I couldn’t. When all hell broke loose in 2055 and we had to fee the city, I still had it with me.**

- **It was a mess. I know more than a few folks who went missing when the bugs overran Chicago. Everyone was stretched thin, and if you were on the wrong side when the walls came up, you were dead to the world. I feel for Nick on this one. Samantha Carroll had been missing for years when the walls went up. The lucky ones were already dead.**

- **Bull**

- **Those walls destroyed families and lives, but the damage done by the Invae can’t be denied. I can’t see the city doing anything else.**

- **Marko**

**After that, staying in Chicago was too much for the family, so they moved, along with most everyone else. Giant bugs turning downtown into a literal warzone was the last kick they needed to fnally leave. I know they got out alright. But where they went though, I have no idea. I like to think they found a way to move on with their lives.**

**For the next twenty years, I kept one of those pictures on my new desk. Every once in a while, I’d go through the fle, trying to piece together something new, but nothing ever came of it. It looked like this one would haunt me until the end of time.**

**I then get a call. It’s late, I’m at this dive on the north side. Unknown number, but what the hell. The call comes up to this smooth-looking troll in a suit calling himself Juan. He says he represents people who have found a lead regarding Samantha, twenty years later, just as the old Containment Zone was starting to be rehabilitated. I laugh him off. Tell him to make sure he gets paid by the jackasses at the offce for his trouble.**

**He tells me he’s quite serious and shows a picture. It a young woman in her mid-twenties wearing shabby clothes, hurrying through a crowded space full of cubicles and tent canvas. She has a gun on her, poorly concealed, and looks nervous. I don’t recognize her face, but the eyes are unmistakable. Samantha is still alive.**

- **Sam was good to me. She told Matt Wrath that she was in trouble, but Matt Wrath couldn’t do anything.**

- **Matt Wrath**

- **I’d been to the Maker Collective. While you want to help everyone, it’s not possible. There are just too many people in need. They did pull together as best they could, but the street will eat you up.**
