---
id: TS-0065
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "You Can\u2019t Outrun the Radio"
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **You Can’t Outrun the Radio**

**==> picture [234 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**What happens when someone decides to run? Offcers can defnitely pursue in their cars or on foot. Most of the police vehicles are faster out of the gate than the average commuter car, and the ability to have dispatch shut down portions of GridGuide can effectively snarl traffc up or bring chases to a dead stop right away if the perp doesn’t have a means to go off-road. Countermeasures are one thing, but that doesn’t mean a cop won’t engage in a pursuit. It’s simply one option among many. If the pursuit will cost more in damage and the safety of bystanders, however, the option exists to track the perp in other ways.**

**On top of this is a big mess of red tape and jurisdictions. Multinational corporate enclaves with extraterritoriality create a sort of bubble zone within their property where LEPs hold no power. Or so the criminals tend to think.**

**The reality is, if someone runs onto corporate property, the local LEP communicates with corporate security with a description and location, and either hands off or continues to assist corporate security in apprehending the feeing perpetrators. Yes, there are times when a corporate security force absolutely tells a LEP to break off all pursuit and not to further engage, but the vast majority of the time, the corporate entities don’t want a criminal hiding out on their property either, so they do everything they can to catch the crook and turn them back over to the LEP, after they conduct their own “investigation.”**

**Honestly, it may be better to let yourself be caught by a LEP as opposed to corporate security. Not only do they not have the specifc training, but they aren’t bound by any of the contracts designed to restrict the powers of law enforcement. Run onto corporate property at your own risk. If you ask me, that’s jumping right from one fre into a burning trash compactor.**

**But say things have gone sideways. The lowly beat cop is in a bind and needs to call for backup. How fast does it normally arrive?**

**The answer is pretty damn quick if the precinct is staffed appropriately.**

**Backup doesn’t just mean another cop or two showing up on the scene in a car and surrounding the criminals. Long before another car even shows up, Matrix and astral backup should already be on scene.**

**When a call for backup comes in, if the situation is a dangerous one, an astral mage may be dispatched to the scene, accompanied by at least one spirit. Matrix backup is already present, helping assist as best they can by disabling enemy devices and communications, and bricking vehicles. Drone backup is immediately dispatched as well, in the form of armed fying drones that can get to the offcer in distress faster than anyone on the ground.**

**> And it’s not uncommon, depending on the situation, jurisdiction, and LEP corp in question, to send a heavily armed aerial drone to provide close air support and** ~~**eliminate**~~ **stop the threat before the boots on the ground arrive.**

**> Johnny Redline**

**All this happens in the span of a few seconds. A spirit can manifest on site with the offcer within a minute of being called. This is usually enough to hold off whatever threat is present until more offcers arrive.**

**Other offcers are diverted as backup and expected to roll to the offcer immediately, and in extreme cases, SWAT/HTR can be called in with special toys to take care of business if things are particularly hot and ugly.**

**Facing all of this, not everyone sticks around to fght. Most crooks cut and run, and I can’t blame them. Following them with drones and RFID tags is fairly simple once they’ve broken immediate contact. And they better hope none of their blood hits the ground, because ritual forensics can be horrifyingly accurate.**

**Unless you can crawl into a very deep dark hole in the absolute worst area of town, if you run from an offcer, it’s only a matter of time. They’ll most likely catch up with you. Your best bet is to not be detected in the frst place. Of course, that’s far easier said than done. But even a lowly beat cop can be a real pain in the ass for experienced runners.**

**> Will the cops really go to all these lengths just to make sure they get their arrest quotas each month? Seems kind of excessive for picking up the local novacokehead.**

**> Borderline**

**> It’s not really about a quota. Yes, the LEP does have to continue to justify its existence and numbers to some extent, but this kind of crap only comes in times when a city-wide crackdown is going on and there’s a big PR campaign about it, usually to cover up some other incident where the cops screwed the pooch or other newsworthy item. Cops go out of their way to catch a crook usually because they’ve been shot at. Novacokeheads and other minor crooks just aren’t worth the time and effort to justify this kind of chase, and they know it. Pull a gun on a cop and expect to get the full treatment. That’s just part of the business. > Nick Ryder**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [267 x 219] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 219] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 130] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SPECIAL<br>DIVISIONS AND<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [386 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**
