---
id: TS-0100
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Locations
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Locations**

**A core part of the investigation is locations. When building a story, it’s easy to remember where the crime takes place, but it’s just as important to think about where other suspects are in order to set up the right alibis. Within a single scene, there is also the location of the pieces of evidence.**

**Starting with the actual place of the crime, it’s good to set up where evidence will be placed. Place any cameras or other sensors. If the crime has witnesses, there are good places they could be such as nearby windows, or when looking at a digital crime, they may be logged into the same host while the act is going down. If magic was in use, the presence of any astral signatures or other psychometric impressions are left behind. The criminal likely left behind either physical or digital fngerprints, which help to set up how they moved around the scene.**

**The movement of persons of interest, devices, vehicles, or other items can provide valuable insights into the crime scene data. The use of geospatial tracking has revolutionized investigations and made it that much harder for criminals to operate. When designing the case, determine which devices are on and where they are moving. Some criminals will be smart, knowing that they could be tracked, but most don’t think that far ahead.**

**Another element to consider is whether the locations selected have been part of other cases. The location could be the same as another crime, which could result in a muddy astral space. It could be that the prior crime is actually connected to this current situation, which helps the runners, or completely unrelated and serves as a red herring.**

**When setting up the various alibis for the persons of interest, the whereabouts of individuals both during the crime and while the team is tracking them down will need to be set up. One of the most diffcult things to overcome is when a suspect doesn’t have a strong alibi. Either their digital footprints aren’t indicative of location or maybe they don’t have another person who can vouch for their whereabouts or activities. And the more time between the event and when they are investigated, the more likely that any location data from a device is missing.**

**Witnesses are going to be primarily locationbased. They could be neighbors or people who were there because it was a nightclub and they’re on vacation. These witnesses can provide the runners with testimonies, which can shine a light on the case or further muddy the water because of poorly observing what happened. Knowing who saw what will make planning the scenario easier.**
