---
id: TS-0286
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Contacts
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Contacts**

**Some will say it’s who owes you that matters, others will tell you it’s not who you are but who you know. That’s all nice, but what counts is who knows you. While merit, skills, and qualifcations are undoubtedly crucial, a strong network of connections can provide distinct advantages. Especially when the drek hits the fast-paced rotating object. It doesn’t matter which side of the badge you are on; having someone in law enforcement or working at a law enforcement service provider to help you out is always a plus.**

**For each contact, there’s a brief description, as well as a list of uses served by the contact, typical meeting places, similar contacts, and game statistics. Due to the fexible nature of a contact’s equipment, feel free to switch things out as needed. Also, all provided stats are for humans. If you wish, you can use the Metahuman Adjustment Chart in the core rule book (p. 211,** _**SR6**_ **).**

**This principle is particularly relevant in the context of law enforcement, where knowing someone within the feld can offer several benefts. The next section lists a variety of contacts a runner may have in law enforcement, broken down into non-sworn and sworn positions. Sworn positions take an oath to support and enforce the rules of the governing body in which they work. They can make arrests and carry frearms. In some cases, sworn positions are also implanted with agency-owned cyberware. Non-sworn positions may work for or with the same agencies and may carry out basic duties or work as a support unit, but staff will not take an oath and have no legal powers to arrest or carry frearms other than what is legal to any other citizen.**

**The gear and items shown represent their items; even if someone is a member of a Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) they don’t get to take their Mil-Spec Armor home, and they are defnitely not going to meet you at the bar wearing it.**
