---
id: TS-0210
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Blackmail
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Blackmail**

**Blackmail is about one person’s hold over another through the use of leverage. It often takes the form of information or evidence that threatens something the victim values, wheather physcial assets or emotional connections. It could also be**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**something less tangible, like a person’s reputation or even a lover who withholds their affection for the sake of control.**

**When someone has blackmail to hold over another, they gain the Ace in Hand status condition. The level of the status is based on the value of the thing being withheld or endangered. For things that are tied to a quality (like Dependents), the level is set to the Karma gained from the quality. In the case that there is no quality tied to what is being used as blackmail, use the table below.**

**==> picture [282 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
ACE IN HAND BLACKMAIL LEVELS<br>Low 1<br>Middle 3<br>High 6<br>Extreme 9<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [282 x 517] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [446 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
RIGHT TOOLS<br>FOR THE JOB<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**geared for imminent combat; as such they will** a **l** ways **b** e wear **i** ng some **f** orm o **f f** u **ll b** o **d** y armor, heavy security, or the GAPS Heavy, and while they will still carry a sidearm you can expect them to also carry an assault rifl e and grenades. In all cases the various patrols units will be provided with basic accessories and gear such as a commlink, badgecam, restraints, and a medkit. Vehicle-based patrols will have additional gear accessible in their vehicle, consisting of alternative weaponry and emergency response kits.

**Every job requires the right tool, and law** en **f** orcemen **t i** s no **diff** eren **t** . **U** n **f** or **t** una **t** e **l** y, **th** ere is no easy answer either; every company, precinct, division, and unit can be different. There are, however, enough commonalities that we can cover the basics of what to expect.

The various patrol divisions are where you will see the most differences. There are the public-friendly light patrols, standard patrols, heavy patrols, and high threat patrols. Generally speaking, the light patrols are outfi tted with basic armor; armor clothing, armor vest, the Silver Shield GAPS Light, and a light sidearm; usually a taser or light pistol. Standard patrols upgrade the armor to a jacket or the GAPS Medium at most, and the sidearm is most likely a heavy pistol. The heavy patrol units usually need a bit more protection and fi repower; the armor will be full body armor, light security armor, or GAPS Medium. They will carry a heavy pistol at a minimum and may add an SMG, shotgun, or even an assault rifl e or maybe a few grenades. High-threat patrols are the most heavily

Investigations units can vary almost as much as patrol units between various companies, but the mainstays will be separated by uniforms and plainclothes. Uniformed offi cers are fi tted out in the same way as a light or standard patrol, while the plainclothes detectives stick with armor clothing, jacket, or lined coat and will most likely carry a concealed heavy pistol as a sidearm.

Tactical units in general will be provided with the same gear as the heavy and high-threat patrols if they are part of a SWAT or HTR team. They



**==> picture [68 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**will have access to additional specialized gear depending on what type of unit they are assigned to as well; for example, riot control units will have shields and nonlethal crowd control options, while the demolitions team will have access to tools, drones, or ordnance.**

**Special task force units are wholly impossible to predict accurately across all companies. They are only restricted by funds and purpose. They range anywhere between just being cobbled together from other units, or specially created units that have millions of nuyen and access to the latest and greatest tech available.**

**Support units are the staff that make sure all the wheels are moving properly in any organization; as such, they rarely see any action in the feld. The most you can expect for most support units is basic armor clothing and a commlink.**
