---
id: TS-0104
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Toolebox'
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Toolebox

Have things just not been going your way? Have you been in the wrong place at the wrong time and ended up in trouble with the law? Feel like you’re getting railroaded by some overzealous city or corporate attorneys with a quota to fi ll and a chip on their shoulder?

“I was wrongfully arrested by Knight Errant four years ago. They held me for two weeks without ever letting me contact anyone outside the facility. When I did, I called Kevin Toole. Not only did he get me out, but he got me sixty thousand nuyen,” an elderly ork man in a rocking chair states.

- Slamm-0!

- Well, that’s quite a dubious introduction, but I’ll take it. Let me just say, folks, I know you don’t think about it when you’re out there working, but you always want to have an attorney on speed dial if things go south. Sure, we may not be able to get you a fancy new toy, or information on the newest technology, but we can and

“I accidentally ran a stop sign that was hidden by an overgrown bush. When the Lone Star offi cer pulled me over, he demanded I get out of the car.



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**When I asked why, he broke my window and tased me in front of my two children who were in the back seat! When I came to, I was in the back seat of a patrol car and on my way to a holding cell without any medical attention or word on where my kids were! I called the Strongarm, Kevin Toole, and he got me forty thousand nuyen, my car fxed, and my case dismissed!” a middle-aged human woman recalls.**

**The law is supposed to service the public, not abuse it. Don’t let the law walk all over you. I’m Kevin Toole, and ever since my ancestors immigrated from Ireland, we’ve had to stand up for ourselves, so we know what it’s like to go up against something so much bigger than you. We’ve never let ourselves be intimidated, and I bring that fghting spirit to bear for you.**

**“Kevin Toole was able to get my thirty-year sentence commuted to a fve-year sentence with credit for time served!” a large troll man with several tattoos says. “I’m glad I called the Strongarm!”**

**If you’re in trouble, just remember to call the Strongarm, Kevin Toole. He’s the right Toole for the job!**

**Kevin Toole and Associates, NA-SEA 234-099476-076**

**> Ireland? Your grandmother still lives in Chingford in London. I just saw her last week!**

**> Korléo**
