---
id: TS-0212
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Masterkey Shotgun Ammunition
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Masterkey Shotgun Ammunition**

**Masterkey rounds are a specialized explosive round that can only be used in shotguns. They are a slug-shot hybrid round that is designed for maximum effectiveness at close range against barriers. Typically fred at a range of fewer than 15 centimeters, they can cause massive damage but then disperse into a relatively harmless powder. As such they have a lower DV when used against soft targets but a higher DV when used to break through a barrier and are considered an explosive for determining the size of the hole created. While Masterkey rounds are nearly as volatile as the Krime Crackle Fin-Stabilized HEAT Slugs, it is not recommended to use them in any fring mode other**

**==> picture [238 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [16 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [244 x 202] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [245 x 202] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 336] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [487 x 69] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 68] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [224 x 68] intentionally omitted \<==**


**sidearms, and developed the most recent generation of the Thunderbolt. Much like the Thunderbolt and Thunderstruck before it, the Lawbringer is designed to handle the very worst the lethal streets have to offer to the hard-working LEPs of today’s world, utilizing the most advanced frearm technology available. The Lawbringer uses the latest in safety control features, as well as the cutting-edge Voice Activated Ammunition Selection System (VAASS). The VAASS allows the offcer using a smartlink to select ammo types from a specifcally designed magazine and cycle them into the chamber as needed. Possession of a Lawbringer without being a licensed LEP is a serious crime in most jurisdictions, and only a small percentage of Ruger’s production line are available on the market outside of Lone Star offcers.**
