---
id: TS-0190
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Lt. Pace McNamara
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Lt. Pace McNamara**

**Darrington Correctional Facility, Block 1, Cell 138**

**May 15, 2083**

**18:42 PDT**

**“This whole thing will go far easier if you just give me something to work with.”**

**Prisoner 2-4601, Warren Kuperman, info terrorist. Not quite the dogshit you usually see in here. More digitally dangerous, and paranoid upto-the-limit before you call it clinical, at least for legal purposes. Conspiracy nut who didn’t mind who he pissed off in the pursuit of the truth. The kind who are dangerous enough to the right people to make him vanish forever.**

**“Easier? What exactly is left to do to me? I know who you work for, sir. I know who you really answer to, and I promise you, I’m safer in here than out there.”**

**Time for me to play bad cop. Rick and I have this down to a science. “A lot can happen that can be written off as an accident, Kuperman. You feel like spending a month in Medical, huh? A nice cold box like a morgue, but you’re still awake?”**

**Kuperman finches. Red glances at me, and I nod. It wasn’t the idea of getting beat that scared him; it was the clinic. Rick steps in to confrm, like clockwork.** _**Shame he isn’t a real cop**_ **, I think before I can stop myself,** _**this is almost a good ft**_ **.**

**“That’s hardly necessary, Lieutenant.”**

**“Look, I can see what you’re doing,” Kuperman blurts. “I’m not fucking stupid. Hot, cold, hot, it’s a trope, not exactly a shock to the system. Do what you’ve gotta do, whatever your AI overlord told you to. Just … let me heal it out here, okay? Don’t send me to the clinic. Not the clinic.”**

**“Why are you so scared of the clinic, Warren?” He hesitates, rubbing his arm. “They … the doc isn’t right. It’s … I don’t get it, okay? I don’t** _**know**_ **anything for sure here, okay? But … last time I was there … the doc asked some weird questions. Kept … I felt something … in my head, okay? Not tin foil hat shit. Not the usual AI agent stuff. It was like … I don’t …” He keeps rubbing his arm. “She put something i-in my arm. Some shot. Some drek … I don’t … just … something** _**isn’t right about her**_ **.” My hand goes for the taser when Kuperman leaps up, but he’s leaping back against the wall, away from us, staring past me, at the porthole.**
