---
id: TS-0201
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Case Study: Department Politics'
page: 136
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Case Study: Department Politics**

**Sometimes examples make it a lot easier to show where a solid informant or team of runners can crack open a case. Back ffteen years ago, I was still**



**young and naive. Stupid is probably a better term for it. I was assigned to work a homicide on the west side, probably a few kilometers out from the CZ.**

- **The CZ?**

- **River Fish**

- **The Containment Zone in Chicago. This was one of the big fallouts from Bug City back in the ‘50s. The walls are mostly gone now, but the scars are still there.**

- **Old Crow**

**I had a couple of informants whom I trusted, but none could tell me anything. This wasn’t unusual, but it left me with a metric ton of more legwork to go run down. Luckily, I am good at my ghost-damned job. I grabbed a dealer who normally operated in that territory and dragged him to the precinct. Since I wasn’t really planning on arresting him on drug charges, I just tossed him in an interview room.**

**I worked him over for a while before giving him a chance to cool down while I hunted down a hot dog and a soda for him. After a while, I confded in him that I really didn’t want to arrest him, but corporate policy made me pull him in; what I really wanted was to stop the murders. Let it slowly slide into the conversation that I just needed help to keep the city safe.**

**He didn’t trust me fully but said he would keep an ear to the street if I let him off. I don’t blame him for not trusting me, since in the end … him helping me got him killed. But I’m jumping ahead. He held up his side of the bargain and heard rumors that the victim wasn’t killed at the carpeting store where the body was found and was offed down at one of the warehouses further south.**

- **And this is why we don’t trust cops.**

- **Mika**

- **Because your normal line of work is so safe?**

- **LSPD**

- **It’s not, but there’s nothing here that doesn’t scream that the detective was anything but sloppy. They’re at least protected somewhat from the ramifications of those choices.**

- **Mika**

- **That’s a little unfair. Have you worked with a new Mr. Johnson? Maybe a runner on their first time out? What about the fixer who’s grabbing you some specialized gear? Do you trust them? Look, we both know it’s inherently dangerous no matter how we look at it. And avoiding working with the local law enforcement just means that the really bad ones are going to win.**

- **LSPD**

**This is where I made my mistake. I’d met with the kid at a local diner not far from his normal turf. Figured it would be better because he didn’t have to travel as far. Bought him some pie. Once we were done, I immediately headed to the warehouse that he told me about to scope the place out and see if I could get enough information for a warrant.**

**Took till the next day for me to fnd out the kid was the latest homicide victim in a city full of them. What made it show up on the sheets was how vicious it was, and no, I still don’t want to share the details. I fgured it was my fault for being sloppy. Someone saw us meet and sold the kid out. Connected one and one when I showed up at the right warehouse.**

**I never did get the warrant for the warehouse. The judge thought the evidence was fimsy and the kid was gone. Eventually both homicides went into the cold case fles. I was pissed and mostly at myself, but I had other cases to close and couldn’t afford to fxate on it. At least, that’s what I told myself, which didn’t fraggin’ work. I bided my time though. I was sure that I was being watched when I was out on the streets and fgured the best thing to do was make it look like I had dropped the case.**

- **The judge was probably on the take as well. It wouldn’t be the first time that someone gets their cruises paid for and they swing everything the way their benefactors want.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

- **Why let it drop, though? Surely there’s some other evidence that could have allowed the case to get some headway.**

- **> Electric Blue**

- **Sure, but when your key potential crime scene is blocked from access, then you’ll have trouble making any case stick. He could have picked up some runners to break in and get evidence, but he wasn’t going to be able to close the case. And who knows … he might have hired a team to do just that.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

**The thing with criminals is that they’re going to slip up. Sucks they’are hurting folks during that time, but if I stay patient, I can usually build up my case and get some small piece of justice. Sure enough, another homicide occurred in my district and using the same ammunition with the same striations. I fgured I would do the same thing as before and hit the streets to track it down, but I also hired a small runner team to do the same. I would funnel information to them from what I learned, and they would reciprocate. Helps that I was paying them as well.**

**The team was good. They actually put surveillance on the precinct. Each time I hauled in someone to question, they noticed that one**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**particular sergeant would take a lunch break at the park across the street. Left a note with a name in it. Always the name of the person I was grilling. Typically, a dog walker would grab the envelope and head off to one of the nearby casinos. Suspicious.**

**Now … I’m not gonna hire someone to kill a fellow offcer, but there’s nothing I hate more than being sold out by one of my brothers or sisters. But I felt like I should take the sergeant out for lunch just because it felt like he wasn’t making enough on the force, so paying for his lunch wouldn’t hurt. I also timed all my follow-ups on the case, either from my interviews or from the team I hired, to be right after lunch.**

- **Why not go up the ranks to deal with the leak?**

- **River Fish**

- **Probably because Detective Ryder didn’t know who to trust. His organization is completely corrupt and beholden to the shareholders and not the people.**

- **Old Crow**

- **I already knew there was corruption in the department. Mostly easy stuff where a captain was paid to look the other way or to shift schedules around so the right person was on duty at any given time. I had enough evidence to show that the good sergeant was more Mafia than he was an officer of the law. The team of runners were able to show the payment schedule and where the drop-off would happen. So I figured the Mafia could deal with their own internal problems.**

- **Nick Ryder**

**It was really a shame when the sergeant was killed, but the whole force mobilized, and we used the evidence collected to hunt down the gunman. It never went any further, but most of that was the ties to the Mafa. Sometimes you just have to work within the constraints you have to get things done. It was also probably one of the frst times I learned that a smart team of runners can be worth more than a little nuyen out of your own paycheck.**

- **Seems pretty bold for Ryder to put this out there. Surely that’ll come back to get him killed. You don’t sell out your siblings in blue. Well, whatever color your corp decides is the uniform.**

- **Cover**

- **I don’t know what combination of “I don’t give a drek” and it’s been fifteen years this falls under.**

- **Red Anya**

- **It’s more complicated than that. First, I don’t like going against other folks on the force, but I also won’t let them destroy the community we’re supposed to protect. You can walk the company line with that one, too. But there are two main factors why I shared this. The first is that when Chicago reopened in the**

**2070s, that changed the organized crime families in the city, and with that came a big house cleaning on the force. The second is that I’ve made sure to help my fellow officers out at every chance. It paints a bullseye on my back, but nothing bigger than is already there.**

**> Nick Ryder**
