---
id: TS-0062
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Police Rides
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Police Rides**

**The rest of the gear is kept in the patrol vehicle. Most of the time these vehicles are modifed sedans or SUVs of varying make, but old standbys like the Chrysler Nissan Patrol-1 (which still sees service in Chicago) can still be found within cash-strapped corporations or municipal departments. Ford Americars, Mercury Comets, Honda Citizens, and Dodge Chargers have all been used in the line of duty.**

**Each vehicle is equipped with basic upgrades like run-fat tires and an enhanced engine designed to outpace the average drekbox on the road. Emergency gear, like blankets, anti-narcotics, a solid medkit, road fares, extra ammunition, a folding shovel, and extra restraints (of large and small sizes) are stowed in the vehicle. More importantly, each vehicle acts as a signal repeater for the precinct station. This allows the dispatchers to keep tabs on offcers when things go sideways, like when they draw their weapon or their biomonitor freaked out in some way. Because of this, it’s substantially harder to hack not only the cop, but also the vehicle, because both are tied into a greater network of available backup and redundant Matrix defenses.**

**> Like anything, it depends on how much a department is willing to invest in their gear. Some systems are like a fragging fortress, others you could hack with components from Kong-Wal Mart. > /dev/grrl**

**Some vehicles are also lucky enough to feature a small-to-medium-sized drone rack. Usually an MCT-Nissan Roto-Drone, though use of the Hawker-Siddley Harrier has been on the rise. Like most drones, they’re deployed in “potentially hazardous” situations. They stay connected to the host via the car’s repeater and can be remotely controlled by dispatch. It comes stock**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**with a camera with low-light and thermographic attachments, but is often also equipped with a weapon, usually something meant to put people on and not** _**in**_ **the ground, like a taser or Pepper Punch sprayer. The drone provides a bird’s-eye view of any given situation and support for an offcer or offcers who’re caught without backup nearby. The reality, however, is that most police patrol drones are woefully under-gunned for most situations and are best used as surveillance.**

**When the patrol offcer needs more than their sidearm, they usually get one of their bigger guns stored in the trunk. In the past this was a shotgun, but in recent decades, rifes have also become common in most patrol doctrines. Normally these won’t come out unless a threat is suspected or has made itself known.**

- **That’s a pretty detailed breakdown of a cop’s kit, coming from a cop yourself. One would think it more advantageous to keep some of the trickier pieces to yourself, if it’s your job to haul people like us in.**

- **Borderline**

- **It’s not about having an advantage. None of what I said here is anything you couldn’t find on the Matrix in about thirty seconds if you knew where to look. But if I can prevent one of these wideeyed idiot newbie runners from making the mistake of drawing down on a cop and expecting to get away with it easily, maybe I can save both of them.**

- **Nick Ryder**
