---
id: TS-0016
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Regional / National Police
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Regional / National Police**

**Government entities other than municipalities (that is, other than a town, city, or sprawl) also maintain police forces. Within the UCAS and the CAS, this includes the sheriff’s departments operating in rural counties and the state police forces. This group also includes national police departments like the UCAS’s FBI and international organizations like the NEEC’s Europol.**

**Most of these entities will operate on a local level, such as the sheriff in a rural county, and are much like a scaled-down municipal force. This is also true for some regional police forces and very small nation-states like Seattle or Hong Kong—or in those cases, the corporate entity flling that role. Some of these LEPs covering small independent territories will also handle duties traditionally outside of local policing, such as border patrol and customs.**

**Larger national governments will usually have separate departments specializing in specifc aspects of law enforcement, and these departments do not follow a municipal structure. AntiTerrorism, Border Patrol, Drug Enforcement, Immigration, and others will all have dedicated departments. These organizations tend to have minimal interactions with the general public. They**

**are still government law enforcement agencies but usually answer to a small group of high-ranking, often unelected government offcials. There is little public accountability or even public knowledge about their activities.**

**In authoritarian governments, the national police forces are set up just like the smaller municipal departments and have no concern for their public image. Some organizations like the UGB (the Russian secret police) even go to great lengths to make sure the population fears them more than they do any criminal element.**

**> The true danger for the runners in this sort of place is the constant monitoring and surveillance that those agencies carry out. I remember a team from Seattle that took a job in Shaanxi and got busted the day after they arrived. Turns out the seedy hotel they were hiding in was suspected of harboring dissidents, and every room was bugged. They proceeded to talk about the mission, at length, in their room without checking for bugs first. Morons. > Pistons**
