---
id: TS-0032
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "\u2014Ofc. Sarah Rodin, Lone Star Security Services - Corporate Security"
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **—Ofc. Sarah Rodin, Lone Star Security Services**

## **Corporate Security**

**In many respects, the individuals and units that are classifed under this title are the elite of the security industry. Corporate security agents are typically employed to be the enforcers of a megacorporation’s rule and are better trained and equipped than their Public Security counterparts. Whether they are members of an Ares Macrotechnology Firewatch team or the ominous red-clad samurai from Renraku, these corporate agents are of a different breed than most, even in their feld.**

**Professionals from this subset are the best of the best at their respective organizations. The greatest among them will not only exhibit unparalleled skill but will carry with them an air of righteousness that is worthy of the prestige that their titles grant them. The worst of this so-called best will be exceptionally deadly adversaries who’re devoid of any semblance of principle beyond absolute loyalty to their corporations. But I believe that quality, their skillsets, and ultimately** _**results**_ **are the only**

**==> picture [315 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I am not sure I understand the question. Why did I become Red Samurai? This is like asking, “Why did you choose to be born?” It is what I am . I was born under the auspices of Renraku, I was raised within Renraku, and I now have the honor of serving Renraku in this most important role. Do you ask me this because you believe me to be one of the rare non-Nihonjin who have the honor of wearing the Red? I fnd this hard to believe. For even if you do come from an inferior land, I believe it impossible to mistake me for anything but what I am. We Red Samurai serve, because it is our duty and purpose to do so. Renraku’s will is our will. There is nothing more to say.**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**If it helps you, and if you are by chance a student of history, you may liken us to our namesakes. We are indebted to Renraku, like the samurai of old were indebted to their daimyo . If you cannot understand our steadfast belief in our patron, understand that Renraku has provided for us, and has only asked for an oath of loyalty in return. We Japanese take oaths very seriously.**
