---
id: TS-0296
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Cr i sis Negotiator
page: 167
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Cr i sis Negotiator**

**Uses: advice, case information, negotiations Places to Meet: coffee shop, offce, a street vendor Similar Contacts : face, Mr. Johnson**

**A crisis negotiator (SWAT/HTR Support Unit), often referred to as a hostage negotiator, is a trained professional who is skilled in communication, confict de-escalation, and resolution techniques. The role of a crisis negotiator is to resolve or manage events involving individuals or groups who are in crisis. They have learned that the best way to de-escalate scenarios is to build rapport with individuals. By carefully assessing the dynamics of each situation and demonstrating a high level of fexibility, negotiators create a balance between the event resolution and the safety of others. The role requires a delicate balance of frmness and empathy, as negotiators navigate the complexities of metahuman emotions to achieve positive outcomes. A positive outcome may not always be to get everyone to safety, however; saving only those with a net worth of over 5 million nuyen may be suffcient.**

**Kno wing a crisis negotiator can offer insights into effective communication and negotiation strategies. They could become a mentor for a face, teaching them some of the tricks of the trade. Additionally, they can provide valuable advice on handling complex scenarios.**

**==> picture [176 x 6] intentionally omitted \<==**


## **Crisis Negotiator**

**==> picture [212 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS<br>3 3 3 3 4 4 5 6(+3) 5.4<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 8/1 A1, I2 10/10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Active Skills: Athletics 4, Biotech 1, Close Combat 4, Con 4, Electronics 2, Firearms 4, Infuence 6 (Negotiation +2), Perception 4 Knowledge Skills: Diplomacy, Police Procedures, Psychology, SWAT Procedures**

**Augmentations: Tailored pheromones 3 Gear: Synergist Business Line Weapons:**

**Colt Secret Agent [Light Pistol, DV 2P, SS, 9/7/—/—/—, 6c, w/ 30 rounds caseless regular ammo]**

**==> picture [176 x 38] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
