---
id: TS-0017
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Military Police
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Military Police**

**Making up a very small percentage of the Sixth World’s police forces are military units assigned to law enforcement duties. Sometimes this is in territories without a functional civilian government, other times it’s conquered territory under martial law where civil rights are curtailed or suspended entirely. Such regions are usually occupied by outside military forces with a hostile civilian population, and the military police have little check on their power.**

**A few military organizations, one being the Zone Defense Force (ZDF) of Denver, fall into a slightly different category. Instead of occupying hostile territory, Denver is an autocracy under martial law, and civil rights only extend as far as Ghostwalker decides they do. While the rule is relatively benevolent–at least as far as dragons go–the ZDF maintains control inside the Front Range Free Zone and duplicates many features of a municipal department while it also operates as a military force and a border patrol. The civil police force is run by designated military police units, often with previous law enforcement experience, that are given the job of maintaining law and order.**

**Another military outlier is the Constabulary of Tír Tairngire’s Peace Force. This military organization had its start in the Portland police force and still acts more like a municipal department, or maybe it’s more accurate to say the military is itself a municipal organization. The military and the Constabulary cross-train and share personnel, so the line between militarized police and a civil service military is blurred or even non-existent. But don’t make the mistake of thinking that makes either branch less effective.**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**> Since the Tír has become less about “elven tyranny” and moved to be slightly more democratic, the Peace Force has become the refuge of the “hard-core” (read: racist and supremacist) elven citizens. Nobody is really reporting on these incidents, but their border patrol has been reacting more and more harshly with smugglers coming in from the Salish-Shidhe. They’re especially hard on crews made of non-elves—or worse, trogs—while sparing any teams of pointy ears, even ones just led by a dandelioneater. And just to be clear, when I say “harshly,” I mean “resting in a shallow grave somewhere north of Cara’Sir” harsh. > Sounder**
