---
id: TS-0144
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Jurisdiction
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Jurisdiction**

**The LMPS is a strange beast, and not just because it’s the merging of two storied constabularies. See, the old Met used to handle a bunch of things at the national level. It made sense since they were the constabulary that covered the majority of the Smoke, and therefore Whitehall and the other government**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**ministries, so when those ministries needed to work alongside the police, they turned to the Met frst. Nowadays, it’s a little blurry again, thanks to the Excalibur Division (XD). But since they’re offcially a paramilitary police force and not a regular police constabulary, the LMPS still retains those functions.**

**Physical jurisdiction for the LMPS is the whole of the Smoke—the City of London, City of Westminster, and all of the London Boroughs. Basically, it’s everywhere within the London orbital motorway—the famous (or infamous) M25. If you’re physically within the M25, you’re in the LMPS patch. The only exception is the train and tube networks, and the airports and seaports, as they’re still the domain of the British Transport Police.**

- **The lamps still have a few tarts at Heathrow and King’s Cross station. Since those are major entry points into the country, I guess it makes sense for them to be there.**

- **Blue Watcher**

**But then we get to the weirdness—the LMPS is the Matrix police for the UK. I’m not talking about the hardcore black IC slinging nutters from General Communications and Cyberspace HQ (GCHQ), who are our equivalent to the UCAS’ NSA, I’m talking about the rank-and-fle Matrix security you’ll fnd anywhere corporate extraterritoriality doesn’t take precedence. So those hackers out there, be mindful of the fact that anywhere in our grids, you may stumble upon a lurking cyber-bobby.**

- **These bastards hunt in packs, too! If you clock one of the wankers, keep your head on a swivel as there’s likely to be at least one you ain’t seen yet. And if they’re technomancers, they’ll prolly have sprites to throw at you!**

- **LimeWire**


**terrorist or major national incident as the liaison to the government (the famous COBRA committee) and other interested parties.**
