---
id: TS-0147
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Magic and Firearms
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- adept-powers
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Magic and Firearms**

**Anyone with the talent is eligible and required to apply for a license to use magic in public. Registering mages became a thing under the Green Party and the NDM, because they wanted to know who to possibly subvert or keep an eye on. There are state-sponsored training courses all Awakened teenagers are eligible for, mostly replacing PE in middle and secondary schools. I’ve been told these courses are quite comprehensive and produce decent mages, as well as being the baseline for magic licensing.**

**> The curriculum in the British school program is analogous to the schooling an Awakened teen in the UCAS might expect, though it’s more advanced in some areas and weaker in others. British students tend to do well in defensive magic, but less in the offensive areas. They’re also urged to not undertake initiation before college, which is a definite plus. No UMT bulldrek, either! > Canis**

**==> picture [18 x 728] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 38] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 728] intentionally omitted \<==**

**A lightning bolt is as deadly, if not more so, as a heavy pistol. So, it wasn’t long after the Awakening that the government decided to treat magic like frearms. That’s loosened up somewhat, especially on the frearms side, to allow the mundane to keep something of a level playing feld with magicians, but it’s still the law here. The police are no exception. So any Awakened offcer who wants to carry any kind of foci, use spells beyond healing spells, use adept powers, or use spirits while on duty must get certifed as an Authorized Thaumaturgical Offcer (ATO).**

**This is, like frearms, a grueling six-week course at the LMPS training academy in Hendon (northwest London). I’ve never been, obviously, but I’ve been told the prospective ATOs are required to prove and hone their skills, learn all the do’s and don’ts of using their kind of magic under British Law, and brush up on all the procedures required. At the end, those who pass the course are certifed by SCO19 as ATOs and may use their magic in the execution of their duties.**

**An Authorized Firearms Offcer (AFO) has also taken a six-week course at the LMPS and has proven themselves capable of using a weapon that can infict serious wounds, are allowed to carry up to and including a heavy pistol, and may use lethal ammunition. They will of course still have their taser, but AFOs can walk a beat with a Predator loaded with almost any kind of ammo. I should point out that a bobby can be an ATO and an AFO at the same time, and this is actively encouraged. Given the plethora of toxic areas within the UK, it makes sense not to rely on magic alone, as it could be harder to use magic, or they could be facing off against some toxic nasty which is resistant to magic.**

- **Wow, an entire nation’s police force knowing that magic isn’t everything is refreshing. And a nation like the UK, with their history and prevalence for magic, doubly so.**

- **Canis**
