---
id: TS-0031
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "\u2014Sgt. Michael Hernandez, Houston Police Corporation"
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **—Sgt. Michael Hernandez, Houston Police Corporation**

**—Robert “Bear” O’Neill, Seattle Metroplex Guard**

**==> picture [246 x 50] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The best of the badges who fnd themselves working public security assignments will be indefatigable, honorable, and discerning. The worst amongst them will be callous, oppressive, and fckle. But in a more realistic sense, the most that folks can typically ask for is that the badge they’re dealing with be fair-minded. Treating all persons in the same manner, exemplifying the idea that we are all equal before the law.**

**Because I like getting into fghts. Name another job where you’re paid to go out and go toe-to-toe with the flth that roams the streets? Name one, just one, gig that allows you to bust the teeth out of some go-ganger’s mouth. You can’t, because there isn’t another one. Don’t look at me like that; I’m just being real. You think being some megacorp accountant, itemizing a bunch of fatlined laborers’ last pay- outs is more moral than this? Why? Because it’s more of cial? Don’t make me laugh.**

**I don’t have any kids or a man at home waiting up for me. I have the time, the ability, and the drive to do this job. Give me a sixteen, hell, give me an eighteen-hour shift! I live for this. Street fghts, vehicle pursuits, shootouts, this job has it all. Keeping the streets safe is a byproduct of what I’m paid to do. I’m glad for it, pleased that the citizens are a bit safer, but that’s not my job. Corporate won’t tell you that, I’ll probably get a writeup for saying it out loud, but we both know it’s true. My job is to bust heads, and oh how I enjoy it.**
