---
id: TS-0118
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Organization
page: 90
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Organization**

**Eagle Security answers to Reality Inc.’s Board of Directors, and Founder Nadja Daviar. It’s known that Daviar does not concern herself with the minutia of her many holdings, much less Eagle Security’s assets specifcally. And so corporate leadership oversees ESSI but doesn’t directly instruct them. Instead, the head of Eagle Security acts as a direct liaison between the Board of Directors and the frm.**

**The head of Eagle Security is referred to as the Managing Director and is appointed by the board for as long as they deem the individual ft to lead.**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**Historically, corporate leadership hasn’t meddled in the affairs of Eagle Security leadership that much, at least not publicly. After an appointment, it’s rare for the board of directors to make any public statement about the acting Managing Director or ESSI as a whole. With the average term of an Eagle Security Services Managing Director being twenty-one years, and the primary reason for leaving said position being listed as “retirement,” the assumption is that Eagle Security is always competently led—or at the very least, they deal with any internal issues very quietly.**

**Directly under the Managing Director are three Commanders. These three offcers are hand-selected by the Managing Director and are assigned to one of three divisional command posts: General Operations, Extermination Response, and the Ranger Division. Once assigned to a post, the Commander has absolute authority over said unit and answers solely to the Managing Director. Commanders are typically the highest level of leadership any Eagle Security agent will be able to reliably reach, though Director Adney has made a habit of ignoring the command structure and speaking directly to his men on numerous occasions since his appointment.**

**The divisions these commanders oversee are effectively the three pillars of Eagle Security:**
