---
id: TS-0281
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Seasoned Patrol Officer
page: 161
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Seasoned Patrol Officer**

**In most cases, patrol offcers can do the same tasks as a police offcer or private security guard who has been assigned to monitor and patrol a specifc area. They stand as the backbone of any law enforcement service provider or security force, embodying visibility and carrying some form of signifcance within the area they are assigned. And while some still hold to the ideal of “protect and serve,” in many jurisdictions it means “protect and serve** _**SINners**_ **” (or those under contract).**

**In secure areas, their continual presence on the streets, in neighborhoods, and at the forefront of emergencies makes patrol offcers the most visible representatives of any security organization. Unlike specialized units or detectives, who often work behind the scenes, patrol offcers are the initial point of contact for the public, serving as a visible symbol of law and order. This visibility fosters a sense of security, which is a crucial element in performing their duties. The patrol offcer’s presence establishes a continuous connection between their organization and the area where they are stationed.**

**The importance of patrol offcers is underscored by their role as frst responders to a wide array of situations. Whether addressing a traffc accident, defusing a domestic dispute, or responding to a criminal incident, patrol offcers are framed as frontline guardians who must think and act swiftly. Their immediate response capability is pivotal in ensuring contracted area security and preventing the escalation of incidents. This rapid**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**deployment and intervention contribute signifcantly to crime prevention and community well-being, reinforcing the opinion that patrol offcers are key components for effective law enforcement. Additionally, depending on the unit they are assigned or their agency, patrol offcers may carry out their duties on foot, while mounted on a bicycle or motorcycle, in a car, as a crew member in a watercraft, or as a pilot in an aircraft.**

**Many look at the seasoned patrol offcer as a stepping stone to becoming detectives, special agents, or SWAT/HTR. Others, either by choice or because they lack the ability or connections, end up making it their career. While some are here by choice, just as many are stuck there, bitter because they lacked the ability to advance or were punished by corporate management. At this point their only chance of advancement is to become a training offcer and teach their skills to others. They have learned through their community policing efforts and have built relationships with residents, businesses, and community organizations. This engagement goes beyond enforcing laws; it involves proactive measures to address community concerns and build trust. The relationships forged by seasoned patrol offcers create a bridge between their organization, the community, and sometimes even the criminal world. In essence, seasoned patrol offcers epitomize the accessible and approachable face of a law enforcement service provider, making their role not only the most visible but also the most integral in building and sustaining society.**


## **Seasoned Patrol Officer**

| **Metatype:** **Ork** | **Metatype:** **Ork** |                                             |       |       |                     |                          |          |         |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ----- | ----- | ------------------- | ------------------------ | -------- | ------- |
| **B**<br>**A**        | **R**                 | **S**                                       | **W** | **L** | **I**               | **C**                    | **ESS**  | **EDG** |
| **5(+1)**<br>**5(6)** | **4**                 | **4(5)**                                    | **4** | **4** | **5**               | **3**                    | **4.86** | **4**   |
|                       | **DR**<br>**9**       | **I/ID**<br>**AC**<br>**9/1**<br>**A1, I2** |       |       | **CM**<br>**12/10** | **MOVE**<br>**10/15/+1** |          |         |

**Active Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 4, Con 1, Electronics 1, Engineering 1, Firearms 4, Infuence 2, Outdoors 1, Perception 4, Outdoors 1, Piloting 4 (Ground Craft +2)**

**Knowledge Skills: Firearm Manufacturers, Local Area Knowledge, Local Gangs, Police Procedures Qualities: Built Tough 1, Low-Light Vision, SINner**

**Augmentations: Bone lacing (plastic, alpha), image link (alpha), muscle replacement 1( alpha), shock limb (right hand, alpha), vision enhancement (alpha) Gear: Armor clothing, armor vest, metal restraints, gas mask, Hermes Ikon commlink Weapons:**

**Ares Alpha [Rife, DV 4P, SA/BF/FA, 4/10/9/7/2, 42c, w/ Ares Alpha grenade launcher, regular sling, smartgun system, 90 rounds regular ammo, 1 stun grenade] Ares Light Fire 70 [Light Pistol, DV 2P, SA, 10/7/6/—/—, 16c, w/ holster, laser sight, 40 rounds regular ammo]**

- **Colt Secret Agent [Holdout Pistol, DV 2P, SS, 9/7/—/—/—, 6c, w/ concealable holster (ankle), 20 rounds regular ammo]**

- **Defance Super Shock [Taser, DV 6S(e), SS, 10/+\*/—/—/—, 12 rounds taser ammo]**

- **Mossberg CMDT [Shotgun, DV 4P, SA/BF, 4/11/7/—/—, 10c, w/ laser sight 30 rounds regular ammo]**

- **Shock hand \[Unarmed, DV 4S(e), 5/—/—/—/—**

- **Unarmed \[Unarmed, DV 3P, 10/—/—/—/—**

**Note: This version is for a seasoned patrol ofcer who drives a patrol car. To make them a diferent type of vehicle-based patrol ofcer, replace Ground Craft with the appropriate Piloting specialization.**

**==> picture [176 x 40] intentionally omitted \<==**
