---
id: TS-0145
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: National Functions
page: 104
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **National Functions**

**For the longest time, the Met handled functions that needed to be done by a police force, but didn’t have anyone at the national level—the National Crime Agency was a post-Awakening implementation of a pre-Awakening idea. The answer that was chosen back in the day, like hundreds of years ago, was to have the police of London do it. And as that evolved, it fell on the old Met. Now these roles have fallen on the LMPS, as while some of them would make more sense to be handled by the XD, they’re still far too young for these lower level but important functions to have moved across.**

- **The XD is not a warranted police force. They aren’t eligible to do half these things.**

- **Blue Watcher**

**> Not to mention the XD are fragging jackbooted thugs in poncy armor, whose whole attitude would go down like a lead balloon with other countries.**

- **Union Jane**

**One of the functions the LMPS performs that gets the most press is the diplomatic and government protection services. All government ministries and buildings, regardless of whether they’re within Greater London, are secured and guarded by LMPS offcers. Most of the time, there are armed and uniformed offcers at the entrances with Tactical Response Teams (TRT) hidden away from public view but close at hand. These offcers are all offered extensive implants, and while they’re not in the upper echelons of Specialist Firearms Command (SCO19), they’re in roles where the second or two that good combat implants offer could be the difference between getting the word out or not. This is something learned after the May Day Massacres, where dozens of regular bobbies standing post outside government buildings were killed so fast they didn’t get the chance to warn their colleagues. The report from the offcial commission on the massacres estimates almost 100 people would have lived if the police at points of entry had managed to get the word out.**

- **It’s a common tactic: Hit the gate/door guards so hard and fast they can’t get a message out. Given the number of attacks, I’m surprised the body count wasn’t much higher.**

- **Hard Exit**

**Her Majesty and her palaces are also guarded by LMPS offcers; some are plain-clothed, others uniformed. It’s also rumored that a team of dozens are always protecting the Queen, the Duchess of Edinburgh, and young Princess Victoria. This doesn’t include the military presences at the royal palaces, or the fact the XD doesn’t let Her Majesty go anywhere without a bunch of them. But ultimately, royal protection is the LMPS’ duty.**

- **I was surprised to see so many LMPS officers in Windsor, until I realized the Queen was in residence. The Thames Valley Police has a crapload of bobbies around the Royal Borough, but near the castle you see them both.**

- **Pikeman**

- **I’ve heard, from a trusted and reliable source, that Her Majesty has told the Chief Inspector in charge of her detail that she would welcome officers with obvious, and perhaps freakish, implants. I believe the quote was “duty comes from the heart and soul; what you chose to house it in is none of my business.”**

- **Courtier**

**The LMPS is also charged with providing the centralized terrorist watch center, the liaison with the XD, and has a sizable role to play in any**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 208] intentionally omitted \<==**
