---
id: TS-0040
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Outside Perspectives: LEOs and the Public'
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Outside Perspectives: LEOs and the Public**

**==> picture [234 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**There’s a fantasy about the romance of crime. It’s natural, a metahuman impulse to rage against the system, and a whole lot easier when the havenots outnumber the haves by a greater degree than ever before. Tyranny, or even just control, whether by law or limits, inspires resistance, and deprivation can drive the least assuming people to extreme measures (particularly when the limit is money).**

**The romance tends to go out the window when you’re trying to make an honest buck, and despite the noisy nature of crime, particularly as you hit the barrens, not everyone is a crook. Factory**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**I’ve lived on these streets my whole life, and you know what I’ve never seen? Flashing lights that meant someone was getting help. When the food riots hit, we’re the ones who fed the block. When the power went out, we’re the ones who kept people safe. When Little Jimmy can’t get shoes for school or a scholarship to make something of himself. Yeah, it was BTL money that paid the way, but hey, in a fair world we wouldn’t be necessary. Kinda funny when you see those Humanis clowns in their Sunday best, hosting fundraisers for the Policeman’s Ball, don’cha think?**
