---
id: TS-0187
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Current Contracts
page: 120
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Current Contracts**

**Sternschutz has a vast number of contracts covering different branches of the corporation. Not all of them are of interest to us, however. But it’s important to know in which sprawls you can expect Sternschutz as a law enforcement provider—and in which you cannot. The jurisdictional wrangling at the borders of cities and states can certainly be put to good use!**

**The oldest existing contract is practically in the backyard of the company headquarters. In Stuttgart, Sternschutz provides the entire police force, which repeatedly causes problems, especially in Reutlingen. The metahuman-friendly artists’ quarter and Sternschutz’s occasionally racist approach don’t mix well.**

**The second important contract is with Greater Frankfurt, the FBA’s playground. Here, Sternschutz engages in at least some of the biggest problems. Local far-right policlubs and an offshoot of the Siegfriedbund are allegedly supported by some members of Sternschutz. Such rumors are unlikely to please the FBA. Sternschutz covers police, prisons, and LKA duties in Greater Frankfurt.**

**Sternschutz also provides police forces for assignments in Baden-Baden and Augsburg. Although they may not be prestigious, it’s a minor consolation for not getting the AGS capital of Hanover.**

**Internationally, Lille was the frst sprawl to contract the Sternschutz as a law enforcement provider. Sternschutz hired some veterans after**

**the previous corporate police force disbanded in the French sprawl; at least those who met the basic requirements.**

**The last sprawl on this list is Zurich. The fnancial center in Switzerland contracted Sternschutz in 2079. Since then, Sternschutz has had a foothold in Switzerland, which it uses to negotiate the Bern and Basel contracts.**

**Besides full law enforcement contracts, Sternschutz also has some partial and support contracts specifcally for certain events. In Hanover, for example, there’s a support contract that provides for support at demonstrations, among other things.**

**Along the border between the Troll Republic and Baden-Palatinate, Sternschutz secures the A5 and uses drones for the rest of the area.**

- **This provides a lot of unprotected borders to those who need to transport items without inspection by authorities, especially since the border patrols of the Troll Republic and Sternschutz don’t get along.**

- **Red Anya**
