---
id: TS-0034
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Perks of the Job! - Tangibles
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Perks of the Job!**

## **Tangibles**

**The average security offcer makes a relatively decent salary, roughly enough to maintain a middle-class lifestyle, though they tend to have to skimp on some comforts if they want to save for something special. Retirement packages are varied but tend to be generous enough to keep the offcer interested in seeing their career through rather than taking their training elsewhere. Hazard kicks in as rank advances, with increasing premiums for those who survive and bring in results, along with commensurate pay scales. Health insurance is, unsurprisingly, higher than average, and extends to immediate family. Life insurance looks generous, particularly for high-threat response teams, which assuages some of the fear of leaving loved ones with nothing if they fall in the line of duty. Exact fgures and forms of compensation are as varied as the agencies themselves, defying precise details in the broad strokes. One example is Eagle Security’s Rangers bequeathment of land as part of their retirement package. Conversely, Knight Errant prefers corporate stock options, while Lone Star works out lump-sum nuyen payouts based on performance, time, rank, and merits. Most of them have optional pension lines, but given the volatility of modern markets, they’d rather take the money and run than trust the deposits to keep coming.**

- **Don’t be too kind about the life insurance. Plenty of corps will send officers on suicide missions if the insurance is less than the retirement, especially when retirement means ongoing pensions or health plans. The cops who see this pattern usually find other ways to ride out their time or cash out while the getting is good. Don’t be surprised to see older officers with their eye on the prize being a little more conservative with their tactics.**

- **> Star Loner**

- **A lot of corpsec retirement has complicated systems for officers who have a lot of chrome on the corp’s dime. Sometimes it’s deducted from the retirement funds, other times it’s downgraded for civilian use. You’ve gotta be a hero cop with a chest full of brass or friends inside to keep it gratis.**

- **> Lineitem**
