---
id: TS-0200
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Cutting Ties
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Cutting Ties**

**Every relationship can go sour, especially when the two parties are frequently put into positions where they are working toward opposite goals. Whether you’re working with a confdential informant or a runner team, they’re going to be mixed up in crimes that you might be investigating, or someone in the department is. Another case is when they decide that it’s time to move on because they’re going to go out of bounds. And it’s fragging hard to deal with.**

**What makes this tough is that you’ve invested a lot to build trust. Trust isn’t a one-way street, so you need to put a lot of yourself out there. That always means it hurts when someone decides to burn it, whether through skipping town or just out-and-out betrayal. You’ll need to decide on whether this is something you want to recover from later, because I can tell you with certainty that you’ll want to bring down some retribution for the hurt feelings.**

- **Frag with me and mine and you’ll see just how hard I come down on you. I get the detective’s view. Cutting ties is one thing, but you better think long and hard about betraying me.**

- **Kane**

- **Just don’t trust anyone more than a business relationship. It’s served me well to see everyone as either a target or a temporary asset.**

- **Clockwork**

- **There’re many times I don’t agree with you, Clockwork, and this is one of them. If you can’t be in a place, then you need to hire eyes and ears there. At some level you’re either going to trust them or you’re going in blind everywhere. Better to build a network and not be blinded than to work alone.**

- **DangerSensei**

**I understand that nuyen is king, especially on the streets. Your informants will see opportunities to earn money, knowing that it’s going to hurt the relationship. Hopefully, they are smart enough to not leave a trail leading up to their doorstep, or worse yet, to yours.**

**If you’re working with a law enforcement offcer, the best thing you can do is keep your illegal drek outside their jurisdiction. Seriously, that’s the simplest way to protect that relationship. Turn down those jobs. It’s up to you as an informant to decide how much that relationship is worth. Betrayal comes with a high price, because there’s a good chance that the offcer’s been collecting information on you the whole time. Not purposefully to burn you, but mostly to protect themselves.**

- **Keeping a dossier on me. Look, I said it earlier but they’re all bastards. No reason to trust them when they come offering you some sweet deal to protect you from something you haven’t done, and later on decide to burn you to the ground when you’re not useful anymore. Frag ‘em.**

- **Borderline**

- **Mr. Johnson’s probably got a dossier on you, too. Does that mean you won’t take his money? Just make sure that you protect yourself. Don’t create patterns that they can latch onto. These are just good practices anyway if you don’t want a target on your back. And if you live long enough, there’s going to be a target.**

- **DangerSensei**

- **A runner’s got to eat. Turning down a job is a luxury, and I can’t afford that many luxuries.**

- **RRW**

- **I get it. And you can still do the jobs, but in those cases, I try to know who in my contact list I might be hurting. Then either I’m disconnecting my name and likeness from the job or I’m trying**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**to find a way to make it up to them. The job’s getting done either way, whether it’s me or some other runner. > The Smiling Bandit**

**I’ve had to make a call about when it was time to burn a contact. It’s not one that I take lightly. These are folks who have probably put their hoop on the line to help you. But sometimes that help just comes at too high a price. Every time I need to shift patrols or get access to illicit gear, that costs me in reputation and favors owed. If one of my informants takes and takes, there’s a point where I’ve lost too much rep to be able to do my job. If we’re still on good terms, I’ll give them a heads-up. If not … well, the informant’s going to slip up at some point and I won’t be there to tamp down on any heat.**

**I referenced what it’s like if an offcer spends too much personal rep and favors on an informant, but let’s dig a little deeper there. I’ve seen fellow offcers burned by this. In the worst case, they get investigated by internal affairs or tied into another case. In this example, she was pulled in by internal affairs. They cracked open all her assets and fles, combed through all of them. They got all the contact info for her informants and meets. Ended up burning the CI who’d been taking advantage of her, but also hit her entire network. Pulled in bank records for transfers, physical evidence from meets, and also dossiers that she had on two teams of runners. As detectives, we need to know when to say no.**

**When you’re on friendly terms, there’s always a good way to break up. A big part of that is to burn everything connecting you with the team or the informant. And let them know that you’re doing it. If you’ve got a lot of trust with them, they’ll know anyway what’s going on. I’m thorough. I will go and remove all visit records to the precinct. I have separate burner accounts to pay for lunch or whiskey. Just helps to be careful. But they need to do the same for you. It’s like you’re strangers again.**

**When it comes to hunting down a rogue contact, we have powerful tools on the force to do that. First off, I’m pretty sure that the offcer has information on your favorite haunts. We’re also going to issue a BOLO around to all the nearby and adjacent jurisdictions. Well, that’s for the ones where we share information. Next, we’re going to tap into our network of other informants or other deniable assets.**

**Basically, we’ll increase the amount of heat on you so much that all you can safely do is lie low. Makes it hard to get to work or do work when you’ve got to hide from cameras and just about everything else.**

- **A couple of years back, I did a run my contact in the police told me not to do. But chummer, it was a ton of nuyen. It was running guns across town, and it was a sting operation. I didn’t know**

**that ahead of time. My team and I got in there, got our crate, and then led the officers on a merry chase. The bad part is that they knew all our tricks and how to find us, so … yeah, that sucked.**

- **Stone**

- **He didn’t give you a heads-up?**

- **Flash Banger**

- **He did. But it was too subtle for Stone. There was no way he would tell you there was a sting. You made it through, so it wasn’t all that bad.**

- **LSPD**

- **He gave me an out. We didn’t get paid, but we made it out clean. I don’t really hold it against him, but he made life miserable for a couple of days.**

- **Stone**

**I’ve known some more ruthless detectives who will take care of a problem with the help of a well-placed sniper. I fnd it a little distasteful and honestly get tired of all the death I see around my hurting city. Others have a pretty thick callus and see the easiest solution to the problem. If you’re working with an offcer, make sure you know what type they are and protect yourself accordingly.**

**Not all liability is where the law enforcement providers are worried about blowback on them or the department. Another risk is when the contact has been labeled a rat and they don’t know it. This has two big risks. The frst and less deadly is when they end up feeding you drek paydata they think is legit because no one trusts them. The yaks know that this person’s a liability and now use them as a tool to control the law. The second one is worse and likely your informant will be found in a ditch somewhere dead.**

**This puts a huge emphasis on clandestine meetings and communication. The less there is to connect the informant to law enforcement agencies or their operations, the more likely they’ll stay alive and continue to be an asset. It’s a diffcult balance. If you don’t act on the information, then it’s basically pointless. If you act too quickly, you might be setting up your contact for a fall.**

**Look, it hurts more when the contacts are friends, but cutting ties is sometimes required. It’s on you and the informant to know when that time comes. Then you’ll both need to fgure out how to exit with grace and respect.**
