---
id: TS-0198
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Under Pressure
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Under Pressure**

**I don’t think it’s a surprise to anyone when I say sometimes our professions bring us into confict with each other. Not everything a runner team does will meet with approval from law enforcement. Likewise, I’m sure law enforcement has put up more than one roadblock a team has had to work around. Look, I’m not saying I’ll go out of my way to make your life more diffcult, but realize we both have a job to do.**

**I’m not an idiot. I know what you can be hired to do in your line of work. Most of the time, that means if we’re called in on something you did, we’re going to have a confict of interest, so your best course of action is to not get the cops called. Of course, this isn’t always an option.**

**Likewise, I don’t exactly expect you to be looking out for the cops’ best interest either. So how do we handle it?**

- **We like it when everyone wins, but compromise really never works. If you give everyone the prisoner’s dilemma, then both the runners and cops are going to sell each other out. It just makes the most sense.**

- **Respec**

- **There’s definitely a power dynamic there that makes the prisoner’s dilemma not really apply here. Most of that power will reside with law enforcement. You can try to sell out the officer to Internal Affairs, but that’s a long process and you’ll already be in prison by the time any investigation is concluded.**
