---
id: TS-0063
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Just a Routine Stop
page: 42
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Just a Routine Stop**

**I talked about what a beat cop carries on them and the training involved being part of a LEP, but what happens when the cop is actually out on the street, working that beat?**

**It’s pretty simple, really; most of a beat cop’s interactions with people are nothing to write home about. Understand, they’re still busy throughout the day, but nine times out of ten when you see a cruiser, they aren’t concerned with you … unless they are.**

**Daily stops for a cop consist of breaking up fghts, issuing citations, and responding to calls in the vicinity, both emergency and non-emergency. Most of the time, cops don’t get much of a break between calls, moving from one to another in fairly regular (and rapid) succession. Some calls may be as simple as chasing off some punks loitering in front of a Stuffer Shack, while other times it could be a thorny situation where a guy came home from having a few too many after work and decided to clobber his partner.**

**The more severe the call, the more likely backup is going to be en route as well. Unfortunately, people**

**call emergency services for pretty much anything. I once had to respond because a Mr. Crunchy ran out of sauce packets. No one went to jail, but the lady who called the cops ended up with a nice fat citation for frivolous use of emergency resources. It’s these kinds of calls that waste all of our time and endanger those who actually need help.**

**When a cop responds to a call, the frst thing they (should) do is assess the situation. This can be done quickly by just coordinating with dispatch or getting to the scene and determining what’s going on. Failing that, use of a rotodrone or working with available data on site can tell the offcer a lot about what they’re getting into. This initial assessment is crucial in determining the next step. If everything is calm, and no one is in immediate danger, the responding offcer can question those at the scene and request identifcation from everyone present.**

**Some people would say they don’t have to show an offcer any form of identifcation if they aren’t being specifcally detained, but that’s not true. It’s one of those urban myths about police encounters, like someone saying, “you have to tell you’re an undercover cop if I ask,” which is a load of horse drek. Requesting identifcation is standard law enforcement practice if the offcer has what they consider “probable cause” or “reasonable suspicion.” Unfortunately for most people who live and work in cities patrolled by LEPs, “probable cause” can easily consist of just a vague idea of suspicion or any number of possible offenses. It can and has been used as a power move by offcers. Not every offcer is going to have the time or even want to play these kinds of games, but those who do can be bad news.**

**Once an offcer gets access to some form of ID, usually a SIN (if they’re not already required to be broadcast in the frst place), they try to run it against a database that includes national government information, as well as a corporate database that has cross-referenced records with other cities in the LEP’s jurisdictions. Should this come back with a positive ID, the individual in question has their record checked for arrest warrants in any of the current jurisdictions. If this comes back with an active warrant, the cop proceeds with arresting the individual. If the warrant comes back in a jurisdiction not covered by the current serviced area, the cop must communicate with dispatch on how to proceed. In most cases, the beat cop can’t do much about it and doesn’t tend to push the issue, unless dispatch comes back and informs them they must pursue an arrest due to whatever agreements the LEP, the city, and the issuing entity have. It all becomes a big mess of red tape, and with more of these cities declaring themselves “free,” things are getting even more complicated for the average cop on the street.**

**On the other hand, if the SIN comes back phony or stolen, things can heat up quickly. Standard**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [247 x 236] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 369] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 369] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 135] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 396] intentionally omitted \<==**

**eyed mercenaries, and that one guy who is** _**just so likable**_ **is a solid example of when the Force Continuum goes all the way to the top, and serious backup is called. Then again, a lighter touch can go a long way in situations like this and save everyone’s collective hoop from getting shot.**

**procedure is to arrest and detain those with fake SINs, but sometimes the best one can do is deescalate and wait for backup. Generally speaking, if an offcer scans everyone’s ID and heads back to their vehicle to run them and fnds out one ore more of them are fshy, they call for backup before approaching anyone again.**

**Ultimately, which response the offcer chooses is up to them in any given situation. Dispatch can give them specifc instructions of what to do, but no one is going to take an offcer seriously who is getting their instructions from their commlink while they shakily direct the offender to get on the ground “or else.”**

**It’s certainly possible that an offcer stops someone who simply doesn’t have any form of ID. Not everyone born in a given metroplex has the luxury of having a SIN, but that doesn’t make them any less of a person, despite what some fragheads may have you think.**

**Should it come down to it, though, the cop must attempt to make an arrest, and this is where things get dicey. Before, I mentioned the “Force Continuum.” It’s the idea that an offcer will always be able to respond with the appropriate or reasonable level of force to the situation at hand. It can be as simple as being present and giving instructions, or it can go all the way to employing lethal force in response to an appropriate threat.**
