---
id: TS-0029
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Who Takes the Oath? - Posted by: X-Star'
page: 21
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Who Takes** the Oath?

## **Posted by: X-Star**

**>** It’s easy (maybe even necessary) for a lot of runners to break down the lives behind the flashing lights as nothing more than obstacles, corp goons, and target practice. And yeah, in a way, they’re all those things. But when you start thinking of metahuman opponents (or even allies?) as nothing but a series of functions, they turn around and surprise you. Whatever you feel about the cops, whatever respect or lack thereof you hold them in, there are people behind the badges, with backgrounds, lives, and their own perspective on the world, including you. Whether you find yourself working with or against them, you can only benefit from understanding the people who make up the ranks of law enforcement, and that’s what X-Star is here to tell us about. Know the enemy, the ally, the employer, the betrayer, and you’ll stay one step ahead of them. The alternative is falling behind, and any runner worth their Predator knows that’s how you end up dead.

The fi rst question most people ask me, often paired with a chuckle or snort of disbelief, is: who would want to be a badge? Who would _want_ to go out into the streets, every day, with a target painted on their back? What kind of person would want to enforce laws, many of which were penned by corrupt corporate hands, and arrest the people who didn’t, or couldn’t, adhere to them? Why would someone subject themselves to all that danger, all that liability, for barely passable pay and absolutely no appreciation? They’re all good questions; old ones, too. People have been asking all of that for longer than you or I have been around. Unfortunately, there isn’t a single answer that addresses them all.

Truth of the matter is that people put that badge on for all types of reasons. Some of those reasons would ratify everything that came out of even the

**>** Glitch



**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**most unhinged anarchist’s mouth. Some would put a monologue from a hero cop fick to shame, and a plethora of others would fall somewhere between those two extremes. And while the badge itself carries its own reputation, the person behind the badge will be the one to defne it, not the other way around.**

- **You’re “supposed” to represent a profitable division of your respective megacorp. Be careful that you don’t delude yourselves too much, it can be as “intoxicating” as those badges you once wore.**

- **Wicket**

- **How about you shut your soy hole and frag-off, accountant .**

- **> Juice Box**

- **Truer words … but it’s worth saying that, unfortunately, the badge has an uncanny ability to intoxicate some folks.**

- **> Hard Exit**

**You’re not a hero for the simple act of donning a uniform; likewise, you’re not a villain for doing the very same. It’s up to every offcer to decide what shade of blue they’ll be, for better and for worse.**

- **Hell, I’d argue that the badge, and the authority it represents, grabs hold of every lawman at the beginning. Part of learning to be a good cop is learning that being badge-heavy is anathema to what you’re supposed to represent.**
