---
id: TS-0030
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Public Security
page: 23
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Public Security**

- **Juice Box**

**Whether the badge is a Starboy, Knight, Eagle, or even the extremely rare city cop, this is where the majority of law enforcement lives. On the beat, answering calls, and chasing bad guys. Patrol is where you make it or break it for most agencies, and it attracts all kinds. From patrol, pub-sec branches out into all manner of specialty and tactical units. But what remains true, regardless of where public security agents end up, is that they almost certainly fnd their start here in Public Security divisions.**

**All right, thanks for coming. Now, before I let you speak, I want you to understand something. Just to make sure that you don’t feel like you’re being duped or whatever.**

**You won’t have much of a personal life, at least not for the next few years. To start, we’ll send you of to the academy, some call it “basic,” but it’s all the same. We’re going to drill you until you hate waking up in the morning and the little voice in the back of your head will whisper, “Maybe we can just lie down and die, this isn’t worth it,” or “I can’t run another mile.” Maybe you’ll listen to it, but if you don’t, I promise we’ll make you wish you had. You won’t have any peace in the classroom, either. You’re going to be studying that procedure manual and the penal code, front to back, over and over again, until you want to pluck your eyes out of your head. If you can endure this for six months, you’ll graduate. Out of the frying pan and into the fre.**

**==> picture [34 x 359] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Why’d I join the Metroplex Guard? Hmm, that’s a good question. I never really sat down and thought about it, I guess. You get so wrapped up in the day-to-day, everything else kind of gets left behind. I suppose it’s a damn good question, though. Who would willingly jump knee-deep into this drek? Hah!**

**==> picture [37 x 383] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I’m a Seattle boy, born and raised. I love this city. For all its faults, and there are plenty, it is home. I never thought much of Lone Star when they were here, never respected them or the work they did. Don’t take me out of context, I didn’t hate ‘em, but it was clear most of them weren’t interested in the metroplex or its people. The best of them were trying to be fair and do right by who they could do right by; the rest were either cowboys or just straight thugs in uniform. I always found myself thinking that I could do better, that I could be what they weren’t. Arrogant, I know, but what street kid isn’t a bit pompous?**

**From there, you’re out into patrol. We’re thin on manpower, but you’ll have at least a month with a Field Training Ofcer, and a little bit of hands-on learning. Assuming you don’t get zeroed as you’re learning to walk on your cop legs, you’ll get your own cruiser, beat, and be let loose on the city. You’ll be excited, everyone is. It’s what you worked for after all, nothing wrong with a little celebration. That excitement will help you weather the sixteen-hour shifts, at least for a while. If you’re lucky, you’ll have a day of every few weeks, but don’t hold your breath. If you got a special someone waiting at home, most of your colleagues can refer you to a divorce lawyer.**

**When we went free, I was just about eighteen, ready to have my pops kick me out of the house. The Guard was on a heavy recruiting push; it needed bodies and fast. It was just serendipity, I guess, a happy combination of my drunk old man’s cruelty and the strange interregnum that Seattle had found itself in.**

**And what will you get for enduring all that? Not much. Solid pay, decent benefts package, no sleep, an understanding of just what people can do to each other, and you’ll get to work outdoors. That last one really sells it I think, especially during the winter.**

**Not the most heroic reason for joining up, huh? What can I say, I’m nothing if not honest. Regardless of why I joined up, though, I do want to say how proud I am to be a protector of this city, this free city. I might not get everything right, God knows I’m a mile and a half away from perfect, but I always try. I think that counts for something.**

**You’re still here, huh? Stubborn. I like that. Welcome to the preliminary interview for the position of Police Offcer, and again, thank you for coming.**
