---
id: TS-0037
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Intangibles
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Intangibles**

**More than life and limb, cops walk one hell of a line. Corruption is almost expected in the age of the megacorporation, and good cops have a hard time doing their job while obeying their conscience. Those who aren’t enticed by gains surely have something (or someone) to lose. Even when bribes and threats are off the board, oaths are not generally made to the public trust, but to corporate guidelines and priorities. Once upon a time police might be held up by procedural limitations more than suspicious orders upstairs or private interests. Nowadays every street and every door might be another corporate or national border with street-**

**by-street rules and authority changes. How do you square it with your morals when ten meters out of your jurisdiction someone is being mugged or murdered? Do you bury your ideals and keep your job, or risk it on one out of the hundreds of crimes being committed across any given metroplex every hour? Do you do the most good saving your authority where it can matter? Or just cover it in cynicism, vice, self-interest, or whatever else gets you to your pension?**

**Mounting on the moral strain is the psychological. Shadowrunners often fnd their stress coming like war, in short shocks of terror with long periods waiting for the next call from their fxer. Depending on the windfalls and fallout, you might enjoy anything from hunting for your next meal in the dumpsters to VIP seats and fights of top-shelf booze at the club or running for your life from pursuit and hiding in little rat holes in unpatrolled Z-zones. Maybe you made enough cash and enemies to jump on a cruise ship for a month after some quick plastic surgery while the heat dies down. Cops … not so much.**

**The hours are long before you consider jump squads, emergency call-ins, and long-running forensic analysis. That’s assuming you count regular hours, and not the obsessive focus cops start to take on the cases that haunt them. And it’s the haunting ones that hollow you the most. You can pretend bluecoats are jackboots all you like when they’re defending corporate bullshit, but when they’re not fghting you, there’s even odds they’re losing sleep and sanity, the toxic symbiosis of an analytical mind and images of clues that breach the pale in their horror. It’s no wonder so many badges turn to drinks and distractions, just to quiet their minds and try for a brief moment to forget what they’ve seen, reminded again and again every time they return to the case fle.**

**To this day, I can’t let go of some of the ones who got away, husbands and mothers and kids, victims and their survivors, the remains of madness found in shattered lives and the ruin of metahuman experience. If you knew how many of these psychos we brought in, you’d think twice about using lethal force on any peace offcer, just on the off chance they might take one of these twisted fucks down.**

**Corruption isn’t simply a matter of individuals on the payroll of the syndicates, the corps, the gangs. You’ve got the department’s goals to contend with, often classifed well above your pay grade. There are reasons I’m not a Star anymore, and it wasn’t just one thing, but the brass gates were the last thing. When you don’t know who you’re really in service to, the line blurs more and more. A lot of cops end up dead just because they saw something they shouldn’t have, and it’s very easy to make the report say … whatever they want. Whatever keeps investigations where** _**they**_ **want them, and the truth buried where** _**they’re**_ **paid to keep it buried. At best**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [141 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**>>>>>Insert #2 “Crossing Guard” (½ page Color horizontal illo) here**

**==> picture [142 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [141 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [177 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [177 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**All of those offer some degree of power, and power helps you do good.**

**you can fnd yourself transferred to a posting where you’re censured, demoted, framed, threatened, or fred. At worst, you’re flling a barrel fve meters deep in freshly poured concrete. All too often, the enemy wears a badge, too, and sports a whole lot more metal on their chest than you do.**

**For others, it’s about turning a blind eye when the law doesn’t serve the good. An illegal power tap doesn’t have to go reported, and it keeps a dozen families in the barrens warm in the winter. True blue cops might be by-thebook, but real shining stars know that the letter of the law and the service of justice don’t always fall on the same side, and when push comes to shove, they opt for the latter. And yeah, runners, this kind of cop is more likely to let a hooder go. Pink mohawk psychos? Welcome to the lead farm.**
