---
id: TS-0227
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Mk4 Folding Shield
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mk4 Folding Shield**

**For environments where you want to carry extra protection, but don’t want to bother with the bulk of carrying around a full shield, Ares makes the Mk4 Folding Shield. In its collapsed form, the Mk4 is nothing more than a heavy gauntlet, but with the use of nanotechnology and smart polymers, the Mk4 expands out to a 60cm round shield. It’s a Minor (I) action to expand or collapse the shield.**



**==> picture [247 x 238] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 374] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 374] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 392] intentionally omitted \<==**

**specifcations required. Each grade comes integral with a minimum of chemical protection, electricity resistance, gear access, and thermal dissipation (see armor mods and accessories, p. 266,** _**SR6,**_ **and p. 53,** _**Firing Squad**_ **), biomonitor (p. 281,** _**SR6**_ **), commlink, and Trauma Response System. The GAPS Light is the standard uniform option and is worn in light-duty patrol districts like Security Zone B (Bronze) and above, while the GAPS Medium is worn in higher risk situations like patrolling districts near or in Security Zone D (Blue) and lower, as well as secure sites that require dedicated security teams. The GAPS Heavy is reserved for units that see combat as imminent, such as SWAT and HTR teams and ultra-secure sites. Also included in the GAPS line are a couple of options for helmets. The patrol helmet is light duty and designed for everyday use. It comes in many forms, from a ballcap to a biker helmet, or even a cowboy hat form designed especially for Lone Star. The patrol helmet features a drop-down visor, attached earbuds, and optional chin strap. The combat helmet is the more traditional full helmet and is considered standard with the GAPS Heavy, but can be worn anytime.**

**Wireless bonus: You get a b onus Minor Action on any turn when you activate the shield.**
