---
id: TS-0129
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: the four orders
page: 96
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **the four orders**

**==> picture [219 x 52] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
ORDER COUNTRY OF ORIGIN NAMES<br>Order of St. George England John/Jane Smith<br>Order of St. Andrew Scotland Ian/Moira McDonald<br>Order of St. David Wales Huw/Carys Jones<br>Order of St. Patrick Ireland Aidan/Mary O’Brien<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


## **The Four Orders**

**Our primary combat forces are grouped into orders, each one named after the patron saints of the countries that make up the United Kingdom. Over time, each has developed its own unique culture, since each of the Four Orders only recruits from its parent country. One’s parent country also denotes one’s public persona, for when we are on offcial duty, we do not broadcast our real names, but the cover identity we show the public. This convention extends to Keepers too, and for us it is especially vital as we need our anonymity more than the Wardens. But it helps us all serve the Mission.**

- **They don’t even show their real faces or names! It’s another secret police, I tell ya!**

- **Union Jane**

- **With modern technology, that makes a certain kind of sense. How often do criminals go after police and security forces in their homes, or the so-called “soft targets” —friends and family? Honestly, I can’t blame them for that.**

- **DangerSensei**

**Some may quirk an eyebrow at the fact that we have an Order of St. Patrick. The reasoning is simple: a great many Irish—both from the Republic and the North—fed to the UK when the elves seized Ireland. That infux of Irish refugees, combined with the already existing Irish population in Britain, meant we had to establish the Order of St. Patrick. Cannot put an Irish Warden in the other Orders, after all; it would cause all kinds of problems!**
