---
id: TS-0072
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Tactical
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Tactical**

**The Tactical Division of a police force includes the most heavily armed, armored, and cybered-up offcers that can be felded, and the few TacDiv members without cyberware are often combatfocused adepts. Most police forces will organize their tactical offcers into SWAT (Special Weapons and Tactics) or HTR (High-Threat Response) teams but redeploy them to support the various other tactical departments when needed. In addition to being issued the best weapons and armor, most departments offer their tactical offcers heavy**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**discounts on cybernetic implants. These usually come with an easy-to-make monthly payroll deduction plan and a long-term employment contract that includes a hidden “removal on termination” clause.**

**In addition to gear, tactical offcers receive frequent training in small unit tactics and special weapons. Offcers will also usually focus on some aspect of tactical operations such as sniper training, emergency medicine, or demolitions. Those who develop a profciency in demolitions are often used as patrol leaders for the Bomb Squad when necessary.**

**SWAT and HTR units are the backup that patrol units call when a threat escalates past their ability to deal with it. They’re also the frst unit sent in if a call involves a high-threat situation. The operating principle of a SWAT team is to contain and control a situation as quickly as possible, minimizing civilian casualties and property damage. SWAT teams are typically on standby in a vehicle, occasionally working as patrol, until a call comes in. This will usually be some type of Roadmaster or Citymaster-style van, but occasionally SWAT teams are deployed in rotorcraft such as the Aztechnology Aguilar or Ares Dragon. The most elite units in the largest**

**==> picture [34 x 358] intentionally omitted \<==**

**In this day and age, your tactical team is your real market presence. Whether they’ll admit it or not, every single one of your clients wants to know how well you shatter teeth. Don’t mistake me here, they want your patrol division to be competent; no client wants to know your beat-badges can’t make it to calls in time. But most metroplexes know what violence awaits blue out there on the streets, and they don’t want to have to answer to the media parasites about why there wasn’t an additional, fnal response to whatever violence struck that day.**

**Listen, even a weird outft like Blue Gate Security allegedly has a kill, I mean tactical, team. Do you know how absurd that is? A bunch of masked accountants have two t-birds full of seasoned operators on call? That’s what I’m talking about. Every client wants to know that you’ve got fangs, regardless of your niche. Nobody respects you if you’re not walking around with a big stick.**

**We’re a perfect example of this philosophy of mine. Nobody is knocking at Knight Errant’s door and asking for community policing; they’re looking for strength. When our patrol shifts get overwhelmed, they call us, and we always answer. We’re always active, patrolling and waiting for calls for assistance, ready to deploy at the drop of a hat. Not like some Podunk cops who get the call and have to run to their lockers and get geared up before deployment, then sit around in the briefng room and talk out a plan. By the time they get there everyone’s already dead; might as well be the Tactical Coroner’s Ofce at that point. Well, not us, we’re always looking for a fght. That’s why they pay us the big nuyen.**

**—“Alpha 044”, Knight Errant Tactical Team Leader**

**==> picture [246 x 51] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**forces may also have access to LAVs such as the GMC Gryphon.**

**A typical SWAT team consists of between eight and sixteen offcers who train together as a unit. The exact composition of a SWAT unit varies based on the LEP and their policies and procedures. At a minimum there’ll be a team commander, one or two sharpshooters, several shooters who can also act as spotters, one or two dedicated breachers, and a medic. Some teams also have dedicated heavy weapons offcers or grenadiers.**

**SWAT teams will also include several dedicated special division members either permanently assigned to the unit or who regularly train with the team. This is usually one or two riggers who pilot the unit’s transportation and deploy scouting and combat drones. A team typically includes a decker (or the extremely rare technomancer) from Matrix operations to defend the team’s gear and hack the opposition. It’s common for a K9 unit, usually cybernetically enhanced, or an awakened PK asset to be assigned to a team with their handler. Most SWAT teams try to include a combat mage to provide the team with magical support. Tactical teams may have some dedicated Awakened assets not attached to the magical operations division; these are usually physical adepts who focus on combat powers that have limited general magical ability.**

- **Most SWAT mages are aspected sorcerers or conjurers. Full mages have better options.**

- **Glasswalker**

- **Needless to say, if your run goes wrong, SWAT teams are definitely on the list of bad things that can show up. If you have the time, always prepare yourself by looking at what additional security may be sent to support the HTR of your target.**

- **OrkCEO**

**Demolitions or EOD is not usually a dedicated department; instead select members of the tactical or technical division will be cross-trained in demolitions. In the event of a bomb threat, these members will deploy as the “Bomb Squad” as needed. Demolition teams may also include assets from K9 operations in the form of police dogs trained to sniff out explosives, or a rigger from drone operations with a dozen small drones sporting olfactory sensors.**

- **K9s are also considered officers! A K9 killed while sniffing out a bomb is just like killing any other cop. Drones, not so much.**

- **> Pistons**

- **I used to have a contact working in such a unit, and they were incredibly useful to me. They can help you prepare an infiltration op, or tell you what kind of charge to use to blow up a reinforced door without making the entire floor collapse. But they are, by**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
