---
id: TS-0058
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Does This Duty Belt Make Me Look Fat?
page: 40
authority_level: 2
tags:
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Does This Duty Belt Make Me Look Fat?**

**Probably the next most important piece of gear a cop uses in their day to day is their duty belt, although most departments are moving toward a duty vest. This holds on their person everything they need for stops, arrests, confrontations, and contingencies short of needing to ram through a door … or take on a drugged-out, chromed street gang.**

**This brings me to one of the great equalizers the average LEP offcer has: their two inhalers of Jazz. This stuff can level the playing feld between a wired-up killer and an un-chromed rookie cop. Of course, should the cop already have augmentations of their own, the Jazz may be unnecessary. But in a time where augmentations are invasive, expensive, and generally out of reach for most LEPs, that half-second they’ll get out of the Jazz means the difference between ducking a bullet and getting shot while they stand there with a stupid look on their face. Like it or not, for many cops, this shot of speed is a necessary evil.**

**Other standard equipment includes a set of high-grade restraints. Because catching a suspect is a waste of time if the offcer can’t restrain them. In addition to high-grade restraints, beat cops also carry quick restraints. These are basically heavyduty zip ties for when the cop needs to quickly restrain several individuals. They aren’t perfect, but they do in a pinch, and usually last long enough for backup and suspect transport to arrive.**
