---
id: TS-0079
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Frosty'
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Frosty**

**Internal Affairs are the police for the police. Universally disliked and distrusted by the rankand-fle offcers, Internal Affairs is still a necessary department on every police force. It’s a fact that power corrupts, and there are always offcers on**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**every force who will take advantage of the power entrusted to them, using it for their own advantage and usually breaking the law in the process. It’s the job of Internal Affairs to root out those offcers and prosecute them. Of course, no organization likes its dirty laundry displayed out in public, so the cases pursued by these offcers are usually kept under wraps.**

- **The five months of my life where I managed to coerce a detective of Internal Affairs into being my contact was a dream come true. The intel they can give you is pure gold … sadly, mine, despite my pestering about it, didn’t kick his BTL addiction and died on me prematurely. On the bright side, nobody in his department suspected he was dirty, on top of being a chiphead.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**Public Relations teams are the pretty faces in spotless uniforms who run press conferences and make the offcial statements from the force that end up on the nightly news trids. Working behind the pretty faces are the managers who spin narratives and craft messages that command wants the public to hear. Depending on how much concern a given force has for public opinion, the staffng and budget for this department may range from massive to non-existent.**

- **Some Neo-PD officers have their own fan clubs, for Ghost’s sake!**

- **> Pistons**
