---
id: TS-0067
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Basic Force Structure
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Basic Force Structure

The broadest classifi cations within any local police force are between enforcement and support. In charge of both is command.

The core unit of any police force is their **Division** . Depending on the area covered, it may

**include traffc, foot patrols, and perhaps highway, as well as air assets and maritime patrols. This di** v **ision also interacts the most** w **ith the p** u **blic** .

**Investigations** is the other core division common to all police forces. It can range from the rural sheriff personally working a scene to urban police forces containing separate departments for robbery, homicides, special victims, and drug enforcement.

Police forces of even modest sizes will also contain a **Tactical Division** (or TacDiv) that’s primarily SWAT/HTR teams but can also handle demolitions, riot control, and para-critter control as needed. Some forces will use a **Special Enforcement Division** with enhanced enforcement teams, such as anti-gang units. This may include “irregular assets” the force may keep on-call (but off the books).

Most modern police forces also contain separate specialty divisions for magical operations, Matrix operations, drone operations, and **K9/PK** (para-critter) units that will assign offi cers as needed.



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Support divisions include all the internal administration departments that keep a force operating. Dispatch and supply keep the Patrol Division running while forensics/CSI is crucial to investigations. Payroll and personnel work in the background as public relations handles the media. Internal Affairs investigates any reports of illegal activity by the other departments. Many law enforcement providers also operate their own Corrections Divisions. Further out in the corporate structure there can be associated departments such as Research and Development labs, shops manufacturing consumer goods such as branded weapons and other gear, or even media companies producing law enforcement-based entertainment.**
