---
id: TS-0132
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: History and Origins
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **History and Origins**

**Knight Errant, or KE to keep things simple, was formed in 2034, just after Damien Knight pulled off the infamous Nanosecond Buyout. At the time, they were little more than glorifed bodyguards,**

**==> picture [69 x 31] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [73 x 250] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [139 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [139 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**renting out to private citizens and a far cry from what it became. While Knight personally directed the division’s growth, he left day-to-day operations to Roger Soaring-Owl, who over thirty years turned it from this small operation to the leader in personal protection, expanding it into Knight’s private army separate from Ares and into law enforcement. This last bit was formed via partnership with the Detroit Police Department in 2041, where KE provided “SWAT Plus” assets for the hardest situations, until KE eventually was given the city contract in 2044. From there, KE grew into a true police force with some … lumps.**

**> “Lumps,” she says. Their first steps were made after Detroit declared martial law and turned KE loose on the populace. Turns out you can pacify any crowd if enough of them are dead. KE’s philosophy of using overwhelming force dates back to this.**

- **Pistons**

- **Urban crisis management, special forces operations, and counter-insurgency training were things KE offered to police all across the UCAS, pushing militarization as the answer to all problems. Actual police training came last.**

- **Bull**
