---
id: TS-0047
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Sunshine, Dr Spin, and Sunset Blvd'
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Sunshine, Dr Spin, and Sunset Blvd**

- **X-Star**

**The media rides this line of support very closely. On the surface, news might be aiming for the scoop, but when megas are paying the rent and own the bandwidth, part of the contract is invariably fnal edit approval, and they don’t want anything bad coming out. It might be great headlines if a serial killer is on the hunt, but you might notice a correlation between which entity is failing to catch them and who owns stock in the newscorp. Pirate trid is, as ever, the exception, but results vary, since some are dedicated to the unvarnished truth, while others are pushing their own version of the same.**

**The use of police and corpsec as antagonists to a plucky band of renegades and lovable scamps leans even more on fctional agencies, but you’ll be hard-pressed to fnd realistic depictions of cops here. If anything, their names are always couched in the most fantastically villainous mein at hand, like Ironheart Security Solutions in** _**Suki Redfower: Red Bell Ruin**_ **or Cambrian Frontline in** _**Gene/Hazard 2.**_ **These foes are ruthless beyond all reckoning, whether bullying well-meaning management stooges or disregarding civilian safety at the behest of a wicked employer or their own seemingly psychotic urges, held just beneath their icy surfaces and only coming to the fore in a fnal battle with the protagonist.**

**Police procedurals are old-school gold. Been going on almost as long as flm itself, if you count detective stories as part of their DNA. Funny thing is that most cops hate ‘em. Inaccurate, they say. You want to know why? PR sterilization makes them too shiny to be realistic. They’re turned into uncanny valley recruitment videos. Now crime capers? Those are loved by everyone. Except the cops. I swear, the only thing they like is sports. But who doesn’t love sports?**

- **If cops acted like Cambrian Frontline, corps really would run everything by now.**

- **Star Loner**

**The compromise is the rival cop, especially when the criminal isn’t such a bad guy, and their real foe is so bad the cop will turn a blind eye once they see what’s going down. In these cases, security corps have a little bit of an identity crisis. It looks good for their boys to look like they have justice in mind, but it’s not in their best interests to be the actual protagonists. It’s all the worse when realworld employers are exactly the kind of people doing the exact kinds of things a supposed peace offcer should be stopping, but they’re the ones cutting the checks. The last thing you need is a Shiawase exec making the association with your agency when you’re considering who gets the juicy contract to guard a toxic waste dump, isn’t it?**
