---
id: TS-0155
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Current Events
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Current Events**

**One of the biggest stories for Lone Star currently is their contract to cover more than 80 percent of Universal OmniTech sites. Additionally, the AArated corp is rumored to be in line for a possible OmniStar merger. These moves are becoming typical for Lone Star, as they’re focused on growth, growth, and more growth. While they’re trying their best to avoid growing pains, there are still rumors of inter-corp friction.**

**As of their mid-year reports, Lone Star Security Services now holds the strong majority of the UCAS metropolitan contracts and an even greater hold in the CAS. Combined with gaining the site contracts for all OmniStar subsidiaries, you can now expect to see Lone Star at almost every turn in those areas. Gendarmerie still contracts with Québec, and the deals with Maersk have allowed Lone Star to exhibit their skills and savvy on a global stage. This indicates the potential for additional contracts outside of North America.**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [281 x 215] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [315 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
107<br>SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Same goes for UniOmni as they test the waters for a potential merger in the near future, hoping to get in on that third A action.**

**coats, hip draw holsters, and the standard issue accessory belt. Detectives can wear either the white Stetson or a black derby; otherwise, they still wear standard business attire.**

**Their most notable contract is their return to Seattle. While it may have slipped for a few years, it’s frmly back and looking to stick for several contract rotations. The return had the typical reintegration problems and contentions, but it’s mostly smoothed over now that OmniStar is facilitating more citizen transfers. Despite ferce competition with Knight Errant in the CAS, The Free Metro of St. Louis has locked in Lone Star for their LEP contract, along with several metros in Texas. Coming into 2083, Lone Star took over the ruins of the Boston Metroplex as well as the rest of the NEMA. And of course, they still have Chicago. Their resource advancements could help the battered Zone, but we’ve been hearing that for years.**

- **Response to the new uniforms, especially the Stetson, has been … mixed at best. Some contracts have embraced them (mostly in the CAS), but there’s been significant pushback in other areas, such as Seattle. These officers claim the Stetson is completely impractical, offers less protection, and is simply a bad PR gimmick. For now, the decision to employ the new uniforms is being handled at the local level.**

- **Hard Exit.**

**The new uniforms are intended to look less like the blue crews that regularly beat metahumans and got caught on vid. Specialty teams have custom uniforms that are currently being tested. The fnal design will be presented at Lone Star’s mid-year gala in Austin. Expect it to lean into the urban cowboy motif with hard edges for the scarier divisions.**

**You can’t move out of current events without talking about the changes happening within Lone Star. Physically, they’ve gotten a global uniform tweak that leans into the frontier lawman look, but also shifts as you get into offce jobs. A custom white “boss of the plains” Stetson is available as the new uniform hat. Beat cops wear the ridge front in black, gray, or brown depending on their division. They have three-quarter-length armored**

**Culturally, offcers are getting hours of mandated retraining and reorientation. It usually starts with a simple understanding of an offcer they are working with; it’s intended as a foundation for a more global mindset and understanding as well as removing previous biases.**


**==> picture [595 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
108<br>MAJOR PLAYERS AND BIG-TIME DEPARTMENTS // LONE STAR SECURITY SERVICES<br>SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Within offces and divisions, teams are assigned based on these detected biases in order to force offcers to address them or wash out. Alongside increased exposure to DocWagon, and Manadyne and employees from around the globe, it’s been a slow but defnite shift from the racially charged, Wild-Wild West cops to a more sophisticated policing force rooted in the ideas of equality, justice, and fair and precise policing.**

- **At least that’s what the press releases say.**

- **> Sunshine**

**Still, some older ideas have remained. Thinking outside the box is still expected, and so is lying to suspects. Keeping a page from earlier police forces, Lone Star offcers are allowed to lie in order to get evidence or a confession. Old-timers love to abuse this and have faced serious backlash**

**when their lies cross the lines, but some of**

**the younger off cers are pros at leading a suspect right down the road to selfincrimination with just a few little white lies.**

**The culture is changing, but we’ll see how long it takes to fully root and if it sticks.**

- **I’ve seen some of this new style. It’s got legs, but you can still see some of the hardliners struggling to not simply turn off the cameras, beat the confession out of them, and claim they tripped when all the power went out.**

- **Stone**

- **The thing is, this is only for wageslaves to worry about. Runners get tagged or bio-sampled, and then sent out to go work for the Stars. Sometimes they do it so well and so long they get a chance to join groups like the Shadowriders, but that’s no easy feat.**

- **2XL**

**Taking that rooting in mind, we can look at how some of the newer generation of Stars are developing. Most see this growth as problematic due to staffng and infrastructure concerns, but thanks to upgraded DocWagon contracts for all Lone Star personnel, access to affordable medical care, and a very generous sign-on bonus, new Lone Star recruits (as well as corporate transfers) are applying in droves. These candidates are put through a rigorous interview along with a physical health assessment that washes out 25 percent of applicants. The other 75 are interviewed and evaluated again, but this time they know after they’ve been accepted they’re looking at three months away from home before coming back with a shiny new badge.**

**This arduous screening and training is attracting and keeping the highest quality cowboy**

**cops, giving Lone Star ample bodies to fll all their new contracts.**

- **If you believe rumors, any runner without a SIN and with a solid rep on the street can also quietly apply and get issued a fresh OmniStar SIN and a chance to work in the light.**

- **2XL**

- **Take it from someone who took a peek: That street rep needs to be pacifist-level spotless. They want skills, know-how, and street savvy, not just someone highly capable at hoop-kicking.**

- **Ire**
