---
id: TS-0092
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Netcat'
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Netcat**

**It seems obvious that any investigator would check whether a cam was flming a nearby crime scene, right? Well, you’re going to be disappointed**



**(or maybe delighted). This kind of evidence is very complex. The presence of cameras creates more the illusion of safety than it actually provides it. First, you’ll be amazed to learn how many of them simply don’t work. Either they’ve never been plugged in, they’re not properly maintained, or they simply weren’t working at the time of the crime because they were hacked, unplugged, or the battery died.**

**I’d add that most criminals case their target in order to spot cameras and simply do their business away from any prying eyes. Even if a camera managed to, somewhat miraculously, capture something, it’s rarely usable. The criminal turns his back to the camera, wears an ordinary hoodie or mask that conceals their face, and is large enough to hide their metatype.**

- **Don’t be the guys wheeling a pallet of stolen merchandise right in front of a camera with your face and fashion on full display. Just don’t.**

- **Slamm-0!**

**Even if the picture IDs a suspect, the frst thing their lawyer will argue in court is: Can you prove, beyond reasonable doubt, that this device was not hacked, or the picture forged? Sure, we keep asking for those records and we watch them, but anyone in our line of work knows better than betting on surveillance alone to solve a case.**

**According to procedure, traces require the support of professionals. GridSec intervenes to investigate specifc traces linked to electronic warfare. For example, when a server is attacked, either discreetly or head-on, one of their teams goes “on site” to analyze the traces and signatures and provides us with a report. When I talk about signatures, I’m also referring to any Resonance signatures a technomancer may leave behind (or so I’m told) in addition to patterns or models of behavior, attacks, or code. Our services have developed threat analysis follow-ups to try to qualify and match attack types, just as can be done for other types of crime. Most hackers like comfort, so when they fnd a method that works, they tend not to change it.**

- **Let’s be honest here—any hacker making it in the shadows knows they need to do more than reboot their ’deck after a run to be sure not to have left a trail the authorities could use to track his device. Most of us do deep cleaning the minute the heat dies down, on board the escape vehicles, or the minute we arrive at the vicinity of the safehouse. But not every hack is as smart or good as one running the shadows, so sometimes the Matrix cops get lucky.**

- **Sim-Eon**
