---
id: TS-0156
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Policies and Procedures
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Policies and Procedures**

**To Serve and Protect (the bottom line). They’re a LEP connected directly to a for-proft corrections division that operates a large number of “work programs” that, no matter how you spin it, closely resembles slavery.**

**They operate like most standard LEPs, with one glaring exception. Since they run the prisons, they don’t always feel the need to send folks they arrest there unless someone else is footing the bill. Runners usually get a pass unless they’re the bloodthirsty dip-drek types. They usually don’t hit the penal system either, but rather fnd themselves the unfortunate victims of an “accident” while in custody. Instead, Lone Star’s penal division gets bodies and money from corps and countries all over the globe. Many of Lone Star’s early international operations were prisons.**

**This means that if you show up SINless (and have certain skills), Lone Star may release you, but also keep you on “retainer.” It’s all good news for runners as long as you behave in a fairly civilized manner (e.g., no killing corp citizens). Offng gangers, squatters, other SINless, or street drek … null sheen. But anyone with “societal” value is going to diminish your chances of getting away with simply a debt to their shadow division.**

**As far as standard operating procedures, most of the major contracts in North America tend to be the same. If you know the codes and procedures in say Seattle, there’s a 90 percent chance they’re the same in Cincinnati or Philadelphia. This streamlines training, but it’s also like putting out your team’s playbook before a game. Even in contracts outside of North America, the playbook tends to be the same, although local norms and customs are considered and integrated.**
