---
id: TS-0199
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Haze'
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Haze**

**Well, it depends a lot on how useful we are to each other. Just like in stories where there’s a federal informant the local cops don’t know about who tends to get away every time. Usually because the cops seem to blunder, or technology seems to fail at the most inopportune time. Protecting a valuable informant who can provide evidence on catching a bigger fsh is a priority some of those not in the know won’t understand. It’s going to ruffe some feathers, so it’s important to secure a discreet line of communication and keep it open, even if it’s simply a coded message, or an agreed-upon series of events like a special knock on a door. It only takes an informant seconds**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**to slip away, and buying them tme could make a difference. Although sometimes it’s equally important to simply haul an informant in with everyone else and let them sweat it out in a cell with the rest of who got rounded up.**

**On the other side, when you folks are out on the job and the lights fash blue, how can we help each other? I’ll be the frst one to tell you I realize the value of protecting an informant, but in the moment, there’s only so much we can do. Like I said, coded messages or a secure line of communication can give you a head start, but if you really screwed up, three people are dead, and a car is on fre, there’s little to nothing I can do to prevent the SWAT team from showing up. In that case, the best I can do is work with you on the other side once you get hauled in. All I can stress at this point is don’t put yourself in a position where the rest of the cops will want to throw the book at you.**

**Really, all of this is to say that we may be working together, but there are times when we’ll come into confict. The best thing to do then is to make sure we keep things professional. After all, we don’t want either side knowing we work together regularly. It’s dangerous to my career, and dangerous to your life should the wrong people fnd out.**

- **What he’s saying is that you might have worn out your welcome, and when you’re sweating it out in the cage with the other animals, he might not pull you out later. You’ll get your chance to sing before the judge, unless your friends decide that they’re done with you.**

- **LSPD**
