---
id: TS-0207
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Game Information - The Interview Room
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Game Information**

**==> picture [233 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **The Interview Room**

**Law enforcement personnel will often use interview rooms at the station when dealing with persons of interest, which will include runner teams. They do this because it offers more control of the situation. This gives the detective or person doing the interrogation the Ace in Hand status condition (p. 44,** _**Smooth Operations**_ **) if they have any evidence against the team. The level of the status condition is based on the number of pieces of evidence they have against the team, typically between 1 and 3.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 169] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 169] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 169] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 170] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 170] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 170] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [525 x 34] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Even in the case of having no evidence, the detective can attempt a Con + Charisma or Logic Opposed test vs. Willpower + Intuition and on success gain Ace in Hand 1 status condition.**

**help in favor of the police, this would be 2 Favor Points instead. When in the palm of their hand, it costs you more to get anything done, or costs you more later when they do a favor in return.**

**Most interview rooms come equipped with a full suite of technologies for use in interrogations. The most common is the Wakabayashi Technologies Emotional Analyzer 7000 (p.126,** _**Smooth Operations**_ **). Whether the detective using the room chooses to use sensors and software help is up to them. The equipment is typically connected to the camera system in the room and can be shut down for private conversations. Most of the modern interview rooms use fully hardwired solutions to prevent technomancers from gaining an advantage.**
