---
id: TS-0102
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Example Case
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Example Case**

**Mr. Johnson hires the team to investigate who stole a package from them. They fnd out that the package was stored in a warehouse located off the Duwamish River located just south of Seattle Downtown. The crate contained explosive ammunition. The facility is guarded by a private security company, Granite Security.**

**Building the investigation in reverse, the package was stolen by a runner team hired by another Mr. Johnson who works for Gaeatronics. The crate wasn’t the target for the team. They were hired to steal a different crate, but a human error ended up tagging in AR several items under the same ID. The team couldn’t tell which crate they were here to steal, so they ended up just taking every package on the shelving unit.**

**The warehouse is located in the O’Malley Family territory. It’s a large building with multiple cameras and sensors attached to the host, but those were off during the time of the robbery due to the enemy team’s decker. The host’s access log does have a trace of the decker logging out. There were two guards on duty the night of the robbery. One of them was killed, and the team could collect information on ballistics that would point them to a troll with a Panther XXL from a cannon round that hit the guard. The other guard was knocked unconscious by magic, and there is still an astral residue that a mage with psychometry could use to collect information about what occurred because the spellcaster didn’t have time to clean up after themselves.**

**The surviving guard was able to see the opposing team, and while she can’t give a detailed view of each member, she is able to describe the basic team composition. The main feature that they can recall is that the big troll carrying the Panther XXL had a skeleton painted on his armor. She wasn’t able to get a good look at the mage, who was standing in the shadows during the robbery. She’s more than willing to talk to the team with a small bribe, otherwise it will take a request from management to spill any information.**

**With a few ideas about who made up the team that pulled the job, the runners can already hit their contacts and the shadows, asking which known group of runners, featuring a mage and a troll sporting an assault cannon, may have done a heist gig lately. And with so many extra packages stolen, their target may have reached out to a few fences to sell their additional loot.**

**While the team was able to loop the cameras inside the warehouse, they didn’t get all the nearby businesses. The Stuffer Shack on the corner has**

**video footage of a van pulling up across the street with the doors opening but no one climbing out. The van itself is distinctively decked out with a thunderbird carrying a hellcow painted on the side. The camera also will record that the driver got out of the vehicle and went into the convenience store. The team can go in and talk to the clerk for more information.**

**The other avenue is talking to the O’Malley Family. The opposing team met with the family to discuss operating in their territory. The O’Malleys won’t give up the other team, as there was a deal made, unless the team is willing to spill that the other team ended up robbing more than the single crate they had agreed to. The family were told it was a single crate, and with information that more was stolen, they will happily share the runner’s name or the face they were talking to.**

**These clues should be suffcient to track down the opposition team, who’re in a safehouse down in the Puyallup barrens. This includes the leads from any of the basic team descriptions or the description of the van. The safehouse is an old mechanic’s garage where the rigger has set up a bunch of defenses. The team can fnd the location by using their contacts, through the O’Malleys, or by hitting the pavement and asking around.**

**The meet with the team could go a couple of different ways. The most likely way is that bullets will fy, and a bunch of folks aren’t going to pull through. The thieves believe that grabbing some extra pay through stolen goods is totally good for them and won’t give up their ill-gotten gains. But if the runners meet with the Mafa, they will know that the extra stolen goods are going to put them in bad graces with the family, which will completely change the tone.**

**Depending on how long it took for the runners to track the other team down, the goods may have all been pawned off for some extra nuyen, but it’s possible that the team has picked up the objective. They just might not know that the opposition was being opportunistic and might decide to go hunt down the Mr. Johnson who hired them.**

**Breaking down the structure of the investigation, we have three locations with clues: the Stuffer Shack, the warehouse, and the safehouse. There are two witnesses: the store clerk and the living guard. There are multiple pieces of evidence: host access logs, bullet striations, camera footage of the van, the runner with distinctive style, and more. Each of those provides the clues necessary to fnd the next action they can take.**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [388 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
I KNOW<br>MY RIGHTS!<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [25 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**
