---
id: TS-0122
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: RANGERS
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **RANGERS**

**Eagle Rangers are famous, or infamous depending on your lot, within Oceti Sakowin. Beyond their deeds, they’re well-known for their lax or nonexistent uniform code and their utilization of Old World weaponry alongside expensive modern equipment.**

**Two distinctive identifers mark a Ranger as a member of Eagle Security’s elite: a badge and a lever-action rife. The badge is unique to both the Ranger Division and the agent who wears it. This badge is typically worn on the belt, or on another visible portion of the Ranger’s gear. The lever-action rife is a symbol of the Ranger’s acceptance by their peers and is given to them by their First Ranger upon completing the top-secret trials that it takes to be granted the Ranger title. This rife is an unassuming piece of Old World weaponry that is always chambered in .45-70 (often in EX-shrapnel format), but do not underestimate the rife or the user who wields it. These pieces of archaic tech are an extension of the Ranger who wields it, and they do so with deadly precision. The rest of the apparel worn by these elite operators is left entirely up to the individual. From a distance, many Rangers appear to be nothing more than outdoorsmen on a hunt. It’s only upon close inspection that the operative’s tech and weaponry reveal their true nature. Alongside the lever-action weapon that Rangers wield, they also utilize an array of modern arms and armor.**

**who can stop themselves from telling stories of Rangers who rode into rural towns, saved many lives, and simply disappeared into the night.**

**==> picture [141 x 99] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 229] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Many on Reality Inc’s Board of Directors are confused by this division and question the usefulness of a commander who oversees Rangers who operate with near absolute autonomy. ESSI prefers to stay mum about this division, but what is known is that the commander for the Ranger Division, oft referred to as the First Ranger, is not selected in the same way as the leaders from the other two command posts. Rangers elect one of their own number to be First Ranger and send this elected leader to speak with the Managing Director. The Managing Director then hand-picks this elected Ranger as the Commander of the Ranger Division. It is unknown what would happen if this elected Ranger were refused, as no Managing Director has ever done so. The First Ranger acts as the only point of contact for the Ranger Division.**

**==> picture [141 x 100] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [141 x 34] intentionally omitted \<==**
