---
id: TS-0143
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'London Metropolis Police Service - Posted by: Bulldog Passant'
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **London Metropolis Police Service**

## **Posted by: Bulldog Passant**

**Most people have heard of Scotland Yard; it’s in all the trids—so much so that I’ve had runners look at me all confused when they fnd out they’re not “the British Knight Errant.” I’m not entirely sure why New Scotland Yard is called that, something from back in the day about a cop shop in the Smoke being next to a place called Scotland Yard, and referred to as “by Scotland Yard,” which then stuck and became New Scotland Yard. What I do know is that New Scotland Yard is the head offce of the London Metropolis Police Service—known on the streets as “the lamps,” or just “the Met.”**

**==> picture [246 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [164 x 99] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [164 x 34] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Back in the day, there were two Watches in the City of London, the Day Watch and the Night Watch. They had separate sheriffs and everything, and over the years the Day Watch became the City of London Police (CoL), while the Night Watch became the Metropolitan Police Service. The CoL Police had a tiny part of the whole Smoke as their jurisdiction (literally just the City of London) alongside some expertise in fnancial and cybercrime. So, in the 2040s, in an attempt to cut government wastage, the Marchment government merged the two into the London Metropolis Police Service (LMPS). There was a load of hoo-ha at the time, and we in the shadows all knew that the New Druidic Movement (NDM) did it so there was only one offcial police service in the Smoke. And they had a pool of pissed-off former bobbies from whom to recruit into their Templars. When the NDM fell, however, the LMPS remained as it did and genuinely cut costs while not impeding policing.**

- **There ain’t many things that the NDM did what ain’t total shite, but that’s one of them. I get traditions are important, but traditions at the expense of a pisspot full of nuyen? Won’t say I liked the lack of friction improving policing in the Smoke, though.**

- **Stoker**
