---
id: TS-0194
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Friends and Family Plan
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Friends and Family Plan**

**There’s this chummer of mine, a dwarf by the name of Charlie. We went to school together on the west side of downtown Chicago. This was before the Containment Zone and all the mess with the bugs, but Chicago was never the friendliest of places. When we were kids, Charlie and I would hang around and play games with each other, mainly shooters. See, his mom and my mom got along decently, so there were many times when it was just Charlie and me left to our own devices while they went shopping, or whatever.**

**This lasted until Charlie dropped out of school in the tenth grade. I saw a little less of him after that point. Sometimes I’d ditch class to go hang out at his place or whatever, but for the most part, our lives started to go down different roads. We both ended up with our own share of problems, but his always had more to do with drugs. It didn’t stop us from being friends. I wanted to look out for him, and I think on some level he was trying to get me to loosen up. This changed when Charlie met a girl from one of the online games he’d been playing and got to see her in real life. They hit it off really well, but she ended up pregnant, and they moved away.**

**That was the last I’d hear of Charlie, aside from the occasional message or rare phone call, until after I had joined Lone Star.**

**A detective, I think his name was Tavares, rounded up Charlie on a possession charge. Things had gone south between him and that girl, and he was in the middle of an ugly divorce. He called me up, but there wasn’t much I could do for him, being a pretty green beat cop at the time. All I could say was to try to cooperate, and maybe they would cut him some slack. Either that or I’d help him fnd a decent lawyer he could afford. Hearing this, he got pissed and didn’t talk to me much after that. I had heard he made good on bond, though, and was able to get things mostly straightened out, but over the next few years, Tavares kept hauling him in on petty offenses. Littering, possession of a controlled substance, probation violation. It was like this jerk had it out for Charlie. I tried to get hold of him, but he just wasn’t having it. It was never a good time.**

- **Yeah. You never know how your childhood friends are going to come out. There’s a thin line between the sides of the laws. I ended up working for the blue and definitely have more than one friend who just made different choices. It’s not usual for them to reach out to see if I can get them off the hook. And believe me, I tried for one of them. It was my first girlfriend who ran into a bunch of trouble. I mean, it’d been years and she left**

**me for another of my friends, so I was pretty upset. I still tried to help her out and it bit me in the hoop. > Juice Box**

**> Come on! You can’t just leave it like that! > Dr. Spin**

**> Fine. I put in a good word with my commanding officer and said that I knew her personally. We got her out on reduced bail, and I even paid it. She needed a place to stay, so she came over to my place. Next morning she skipped town, leaving me lost bail money and a black mark on my record.**

**> Juice Box**

**I got promoted to detective in 2053. Tavares was on his way out, actually reaching that age where they either chain you to a desk or shuffe you out the door with nothing more than a watch and box of all your crap from the offce. We had worked together for years, but never very closely. I always thought he had something. On his last day, he dropped a data chip on my desk with a label to read it, then go talk to the lieutenant.**

**The chip had fles on about twenty-fve people from all walks of life. From gutterpunk junkies to the Chicago mayor’s Secretary of Transportation. Sinners and saints, from top to bottom, and smack in the middle of them was Charlie. He had a pretty impressive rap sheet. He’d been in and out of prison three times for various offenses, but each time he was let out early for a plea deal. I had been reading it for a good twenty minutes before the lieutenant yelled at me to get in his offce.**

**Tavares was retiring in three months, and he was handing his case load off to me. Not like I wasn’t already neck deep in the Carroll case, but even then, the leads were drying up. With this case load came his network. A network of snitches, rats, little birds, and surprisingly powerful people who were attempting to bargain for their future. Anything to avoid the six-by-six room for thirty years. A portfolio of informants dating back to the early forties. Over the next three months, it would be my job to work with Tavares, to gain the trust of these people, if not their fear, and to make them work with me.**

**See, people who work with law enforcement aren’t doing so because they have a strong streak of moral character. Frag, it’s not like the law enforcement company has that, either. The informants do it because they see a beneft from it. Because the law has them dead to rights on multiple charges, and cooperating to the point of letting it slip where a shipment will be, or where a deal is taking place, might just be the factor that turns thirty years into six, or better yet, witness protection. They could be letting the cops know because it screws over someone they hate. Someone in the organization they want to see toppled. Or it**



**may just be as simple as not spending the week in a holding cell and losing their job. That was Charlie’s situation.**

- **Getting revenge is a pretty strong way to recruit future talent. I’ve done it several times, worked with people passed over for a promotion they felt they deserved. There was one ganger who felt like there was some territory that he deserved. The boss picked his favorite instead. I was able to grab him and offer him a way to get back at the boss and the rival. I just made sure he got the support he needed, and he got me all the paydata.**

- **> LSPD**

- **Unless it’s all part of a plan to get to you. In that case, get the cop to think that he’s in control, and set them up for the fall.**

- **> Red Anya**

**Tavares had been making up excuses to haul him in for petty offenses and threatening to send him back to prison if he didn’t give information on the movements of the drug scene under the O’Toole regime. Charlie didn’t know the bigger picture; he just thought he had to give up a couple of dealers here and there. Smalltime crooks who were bad for everyone because they brought down heat. Charlie knew it was dangerous to talk about this kind of thing to anyone, especially the cops. If the wrong people found out he was talking, he’d be killed. But he did it anyway because he couldn’t afford to be sent back to prison, and any custody rights he had to his son would be yanked by a judge. It all made me feel dirty.**

**So I followed Tavares, and became his partner on the cases where we engaged these informants. Sometimes he made a big fancy show, throwing his weight around on a jobsite and intimidating the bastards. But most of the time, he would have a beat cop head down and pick them up, making it look like an arrest to feign legitimacy for hauling them into the precinct house.**

**There was only one time I worked with Charlie directly. I told Tavares we had a history, and he kept me out of those meetings after the frst. After that I talked to him outside of work a few times, but ever since that frst meeting, he became more and more distant. I can’t say I blame him for that.**

**By the time the old buzzard fnally retired, working with these people was an everyday thing. It was right around then that I heard the news. Several informants for the local law had been exposed, even two of Tavares’ informants had been found in a city-wide rat hunt put on by the commission. One of them was Charlie.**

- **How did Tavares keep the heat down on his cases? It just seems weird that he retires and suddenly the informant network dies.**

- **> River Fish**

- **Not saying he’s dirty, but maybe he got a bit of a retirement nest egg by selling out his network. Doesn’t need to close the case anymore. Besides, he never really closed the case after all those years. Just smells like he was doing just enough and helping O’Toole find folks who weren’t loyal.**

- **Kay St. Irregular**

- **Tavares wasn’t the cleanest cop, but I don’t think that he was the one to sell all of them out. And trust me, I checked when this all went sideways. Personally, I think one of the data chips with the files found a way to walk. Maybe it wasn’t secure, or maybe someone cleaning up his office found a way to copy it out.**

- **Nick Ryder**

**I had just seen Charlie less than a week before, if only for a moment. Tavares had his probation offcer bring him in on a random drug test beef. They spent about an hour in the interrogation room before he was walked out. He spared me a glance and a shrug as he was escorted back to the street.**

**Two ork kids walking dogs found him fve days later, slumped behind the wheel of his Jackrabbit, shot three times in the head. The window on his car was broken, but it was in a mostly empty parking lot, like he was waiting for something. Traffc cams saw two fgures approach his car. One busted the window, the other shot him. Then they searched for his commlink and took off.**

**Tavares didn’t care. To him, Charlie was just another dead junkie, a victim of his own problems. The rest of the precinct didn’t give him a second thought.**

**And that was it. A guy I’d known most of my life shot in a parking lot because someone found out he talked to the cops and the cops didn’t protect him. It’s a lesson learned the hard way about working with informants. Just because they’re willing to give up information, doesn’t mean they don’t need the help from the other end.**

- **That’s it? Just let him die? He was your friend.**

- **> Borderline**

- **This is going to come off callous, but he made his bed. I tried repeatedly to help him get cleaned up, but he wasn’t hearing any of it. I did try to solve it, but Lone Star wasn’t going to help me dig. It was on me, and everything pointed to a busted drug deal. The evidence all led to the same gun being used as some others, but we never found the weapon.**

- **Nick Ryder**

- **Yeah. That’s callous. He had a rough go of life. You could’ve done more.**

- **Borderline**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I took over the portfolio of informants, and continued to work with them, but I was much more careful. Of course, when the Containment Zone went up, everything changed. Jimmy O’Toole disappeared in the chaos, as did several of those informing on him, like that city offcial I mentioned earlier. People were desperate, trying to fnd places to live and stay; all the while, the core of the city sat there like a rotting tumor.**

**Lone Star maintained a contract in Chicago, though I can’t imagine the prices not going through the roof. At the same time, I managed to keep most of the old contacts, those who survived anyway, and made a few more in the, well, let’s just call it the professional counterpart to the LEP. People like you here on JackPoint.**

**People like Charlie need protection. Charlie couldn’t protect himself from the mob. But runners? You’re dangerous in so many ways, especially to each other. Should one of you even catch a whiff that another is working with the cops, chances are the informant simply disappears. But every once in a while, I fnd someone who can be reasonable, who wants to accomplish a similar goal. Then we can work together.**

**I have to say, though, runners can be a real mixed bag. Some of them are as professional as can be and provide information when needed. Others just ask for information, never give us anything, and expect us to provide it for next to nothing. Sure, the average salary of a cop isn’t great, but to risk throwing away a career, not to mention risk being thrown in jail right alongside a rogue’s gallery you personally were responsible for putting away? I’ll pass.**

- **The last place a cop wants to be is on the inside. What’s worse is that most aren’t thinking about ending up locked up when they start pushing the law in different directions that help them. Instead, it’s just a little nudge to make things go in the right direction. But that’s a slippery slope.**

- **LSPD**

- **If you wore the badge, don’t go into lockup. Some of my contacts have used their influence to protect officers who get sent to prison, but that comes with even more obligations. But at least they survive.**

- **2XL**

**The point is, being an informant and working with the cops is a two-way street. Sure, we can provide the occasional distraction, help with identifying some of the meaner criminal elements around the city, and even point you toward some of the meaner goons you may be after that we can’t catch for whatever reason. But we need a little something back to make it worth the time. Take down a few of those**
