---
id: TS-0114
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Tailing the rich and famous
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Tailing the rich and famous**

**At its core, Aigle Royal is a traditional security frm created by poaching Securitax executives and assembling its frst HTR teams with veterans**

**from GeMiTo who were looking for a place after the Draconic War. Operators were also recruited from the south of France, with a good portion of them coming from New Monaco, as the merger between Spinrad Industries and Global Sandstorm was the chance to pilfer several experienced guards happy to fnd better pay only a few kilometers away.**

**> More discreetly, in the last years, Aigle Royal also poached a few disgruntled Lone Star operatives who didn’t like what being part of OmniStar was doing to their corp (meaning not being allowed to be openly racist). With Nice’s historical ties to the Human Nation, they assumed they would find kindred spirits here.**

**> Sim-Eon**

**> Like the city of Nice itself, the corporation is washing its hands of its prejudiced past. On paper, Aigle Security was the first to submit to the French government’s demands and open itself to all metatypes, but it’s bulldrek. Despite their PR claims, internally it’s all about “satisfy our customers’ demands, without any questions.” As such, many employees are still quite bigoted.**

**> Skarn Ka**

**From there, Aigle Royal’s marketing targeted contracts related to protecting the offces of fnancial companies who wanted independent contractors. Such companies are both well-funded and not demanding toward their activities. This moved to the next stage when the newly founded corporation joined the French Touch**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**consortium. This was the perfect contact for them to snatch new clients all over French territory. The security frm now acts as the FT’s muscle when its members need extra protection during events or when escorting VIPs.**

**Thanks to this partnership, Aigle Royal developed its bodyguard service and proved itself capable in accepting contracts on short notice. Having its agents in the background of trideo stars’ vacation photos is working wonders for its public relations, and demand keeps rising through word of mouth.**

- **This depends on how their client is willing to cooperate. It’s rarely the stars themselves who hire them, but their sponsoring corporations. Some clients may feel more like they’re being supervised than protected. And not everyone is happy to have someone following you everywhere and double-checking all the people you meet. Especially if you intend to take dangerous drugs, meet your secret lover, or other shenanigans.**

- **> Juice Box**

**The company’s teams also extended their services to private events. One big difference from their competitors is that they check the area and its surroundings well in advance, checking for access, verifying personnel, and deploying their own scanners and surveillance drones to ensure that no intruders get in to disrupt the guests. If the worst happens, the security agents extract their designated VIP, taking them to safety while their colleagues secure the place. This approach shows they take no chances when it comes to their principal’s wellbeing, which tends to comfort their clients.**

- **Ah, no. What you just described is SOP for any security outfit worth a drek. Agile Royale isn’t special in that regard.**

- **> 0rkCE0**

- **They stopped showcasing their HTR operatives at such events. They used to, but that proved to be useless in a case when a crowd erupted into panic. With bystanders so close, the squad had to choose between causing collateral damage or wait until an evacuation happened. Since any shot in such an event would be a disaster, they chose the latter. The pictures of them waiting it out, powerless, was a blow to the company’s PR.**

- **> Skarn Ka**

- **There’s blowback on this in the shadows. Aigle Royal is quietly transforming their Azure Hunters—that’s the name of their HTR unit—into bloodhounds called the Sweeping Eagles. Meaning that instead of training them and gearing them up to hit fast and hard, they are turning them into investigative units, specialized in tracking and apprehending the attackers that they failed to stop. It’s discreet, but if you look at the numbers over the last year, Aigle Royal has better results than any other corps in “retrieving and dealing with offenders.” And I mean “dealing with,” not arresting them.**

- **Sim-Eon**

**==> picture [157 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [32 x 264] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [157 x 132] intentionally omitted \<==**
