---
id: TS-0164
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: History
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **History**

**Renraku has always had a small law enforcement branch, due to their control over Chiba in Japan, and had long been interested in taking over the Tokyo Police, but the balance between themselves,**

**==> picture [17 x 150] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [244 x 211] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [244 x 211] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 595] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 595] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [244 x 212] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Shiawase, and Mitsuhama had served as a counter to that. It wasn’t until 2061, and the eruption of the Ring of Fire, that Renraku saw the need (and proftability) for a law enforcement provider. During the Ghost Decade, while Renraku was focused mostly on rebuilding itself, it took a bold move—it put up little resistance against MCT and Shiawase rebuilding the physical structures of Japan but focused, instead, on the social.**

**==> picture [210 x 176] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Shiawase is still the primary educator in Japan, but Renraku used that opportunity to move into a very close second. Hospitals, too, saw Renraku move in on Shiawase’s heels, construction behind MCT, fire services, and more were all added to Renraku’s extensive city planning and bureaucratic services. If people use it, Renraku was there to offer it.**

- **> Dr. Spin**

**Neo-PD was modeled on the Tokyo (now Neo-Tokyo) police that Renraku wanted to take over, pushing even further into the service industry. Building the concept of community-oriented policing into their service packages, Neo-PD would not only respond to crimes, but they’d solve problems, consult with cities on crime prevention, and deal with the aftermath.**

**==> picture [18 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**

**be sent instead to work through the situation. Assault victims wouldn’t get cops looming over them asking what they were wearing or if they encouraged the attack in some way but would instead get counseling and ongoing post-trauma care while details would be quietly passed to dedicated law enforcement to resolve. The core message was clear: Neo-PD cares about you.**

**If a call didn’t require an armed response, NeoPD knew who to redirect the issue to and would provide what the customer needed rather than what they wanted. Your neighbor’s son is having an emotional outburst from anxiety outside? Armed offcers would only escalate the problem and result in injuries, so mental health professionals would**



**==> picture [19 x 595] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **… why aren’t we funding this?!**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Dealing with trauma, rebuilding a supportive network, providing a wide array of options—it all costs money, and trying to redirect those funds from law enforcement to the correct service triggers fear responses in the ordinary person. At least in the UCAS, people don’t want to deal with the underlying issues; they just want to make the problem go away.**

- **Icarus**

- **Scary man bad! Hit with stick! Scary man gone! Ook ook!**

- **Bull**

- **Know what, Bull? I ain’t even mad.**

- **Slamm-0!**

**Neo-PD didn’t expand beyond Japan until 2072, when Seoul, Korea, became the frst non-Japanese country to sign a contract. But they’ve been steadily expanding ever since. Their frst step into North America was Juneau in the Athabaskan Territories, after a pay dispute with Eagle Security. This went smoothly enough that they won a contract in Vancouver and are now negotiating with several cities in the North American West Coast and Southwest.**

- **The most interesting expansion? Alice Springs, in the Northern Territory of Australia. It’s a small speck in the grand scheme of things, but it’s on every map of Australia despite the size, which keeps it popping up in the public eye. Neo-PD was hired in 2075 and in the past few years made it one of the safest places in Australia. It’s a model location now, touted in Renraku advertising and everywhere potential customers are encouraged to travel, or at least contact, passing along rave reviews.**

- **Traveler Jones**

- **Vancouver was a natural fit. If you want to see them in action, it’s a hop and a skip from Seattle, which is a contract that they’d love to have. Sprawl officials have noticed, and some are interested. The city’s contracts are a long way from being up, but it might not be the usual Star vs. Knight debate for once.**

- **> 2XL**

- **Renraku in Seattle again? FRAG that!**

- **Butch**

**==> picture [19 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **They didn’t do bad in the Underground. Trust me, Butch, I’m as mad about Deus as anyone but … maybe we give them a second chance.**

- **Bull**
