---
id: TS-0166
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Organization
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Organization**

**On the surface, Neo-PD follows a traditional structure to the letter, but underneath there are numerous small differences. The one that most people notice is that Neo-PD offcers tend to be what’s considered attractive. Instead of focusing on intimidation and projecting authority, Neo-PD wants to be loved, not feared. Clean faces (facial hair is forbidden for offcers!), clean uniforms, and the ever-present white gloves are mandated. Tattoos, other visible modifcations (beyond medical needs), and facial piercings are forbidden. There are even language restrictions; offcers who curse are fned per violation. Each offcer is expected to behave in an ethical and helpful manner at all times and as their badge cams are on during their entire shift, violations are noted as soon as they happen.**

- **Don’t like that at all.**

- **Clockwork**

**In addition, since recruitment can be diffcult, Neo-PD rarely uses two-person teams, instead preferring one offcer with a drone. The offcer provides the human face and social skills, while the drone handles legal matters and sensors, and can contribute to combat if needed. Drones being subservient to the human offcer is also a subtle reminder of how Renraku operates in general, always putting a human hand in charge of things. This lets them operate with only a two or three offcers per thousand people under a contracted**



**area, saving money that can be reallocated to other service departments.**

- **Deus taught them a harsh lesson.**

- **> Bull**

**> Not harsh enough.**

- **Butch**
