---
id: TS-0049
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Nick Ryder'
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Nick Ryder**

**When someone mentions the cops, what comes t** o m **i** n **d? S** ome s **l** ag **i** n a nea **tl** y presse **d** un **if** orm, driving up in a black-and-white cruiser to write you a ticket and ruin your day? Maybe a hardass on a motorcycle who pulled you over for a busted taillight, or because you weren’t following the normal fl ow of GridGuide traffi c? Or is it the unfortunate fragger responding to an alarm call and fi nding themselves staring down the barrel of your Ares Predator VI? Such is the life of the rankand-fi le, the bulk of any law enforcement provider (LEP), the so-called “beat cop.”

- I’ve known Nick a long time. And while I wouldn’t call him brilliant, he’s as dogged as they come when it comes to working a case; something I hear he learned working a beat. And now, he’s here to tell us his thoughts on the cornerstone of law enforcement ops: patrol.

- Bull

- Surprised he’s not stuck at the bottom of a bottle.

- Haze

The most thankless job on the force, it’s the one most likely to get you shot, stabbed, beat up, or taken hostage. It’s the front line, the fi rst responder, and the fi rst one on scene for everything like bloody MVAs, explosions, drugged-out psychos, or fully automatic gun fi re. They’re also the fi rst ones to roll up if you parked your Jackrabbit illegally outside the Stuffer Shack. Despite all this, it’s something of a rite of passage among the law enforcement community.

- Tough words from someone who’s afraid to come back to Chicago because of … oh yeah, **me** . Be waiting for you, **pretty boy** .

- Nick Ryder

- Oh, I want to know this story.

- Pistons



**Everyone started as a beat cop, so everyone has some kind of common ground.**

**So just what is a beat cop anyway? One way to describe it is: A uniformed law enforcement service provider who operates within a certain location, or precinct, from a designated station house. It’s kind of a mouthful since it’s not exactly the same kind of civil service it used to be. But one can never have too much corp-speak.**
