---
id: TS-0328
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: A BLAST FROM FUTURES PAST!
page: 173
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **A BLAST FROM FUTURES PAST!**

## **THE SHADOWRUN, FIRST EDITION REPRINT! MISS IT THE FIRST TIME? NOW’S YOUR CHANCE! AVAILABLE NOW • CATALYSTGAMELABS.COM**

**In the world of 2050, the megaplexes are monsters casting long shadows. As shadowrunners, that’s where you live, in the cracks between the giant corporate structures. When the megacorps want something done but they don’t want to dirty their hands, it’s a Shadowrun they need, and they come to you. Though your existence is not acknowledged by any governmental or corporate database, the demand for your services is high. You might be a Technomancer, sliding like a whisper through the databases of giant corporations, spiriting away the only thing of real value—information. Or perhaps you are a Street Samurai, an enforcer for hire whose combat skills and reflexes make you the ultimate urban predator. Or perhaps a Mage, one with an ancient gift, the ability to wield and shape the magical energies that now surround the Earth. And that’s exactly the kind of firepower you’ll need if you get hired to make a Shadowrun...**

**==> picture [103 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [104 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [375 x 36] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 172] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [10 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 108] intentionally omitted \<==**
