---
id: TS-0193
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Butch'
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Butch**

**It’s the informants who help us catch these clowns and put them in prison for a long, long time. It’s those willing to take a chance and work with the cops who actually do some right in this world. And it’s the cops who’re willing to look past a hefty bribe or their own egos long enough to realize what they supposedly stand for as law enforcement.**

**Which one do you, as a runner, stack up as when you deal with the law? Do you drop a hot tip from time to time just to make sure they sniff around in the right places? Or are you helping build a case to put away some of the worst pieces of drek to walk the Earth?**

**There is, of course, room for middle ground here. Sometimes, a cop knowing a runner can be a mutually benefcial relationship, though these are hard to fnd. In my experience, most of the people in your line of work want to get your information and send a couple hundred nuyen to keep us quiet. For some of the idiots on the force, that may be enough, but for anyone who’s actually looking break a case open, you’ll have to do better than that. We’ll need to work together. We’ll need to get to know each other, and most frightening of all, we’ll need to trust each other (to a point).**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**elusive crooks instead of working for them all the time. Give us something to build a case on or make an arrest with. Hell, give us probable cause for a search warrant. Sometimes, that’s all we need.**
