---
id: TS-0170
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Only Fuzz
page: 116
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Only Fuzz**

**Social media presence within Neo-PD is huge. Not only are offcers required to update Matrix feeds at least once a week, but they’re encouraged to build fan clubs, shout out local supporters, show up for resident birthdays, and otherwise build a fanbase. There’s a lot of crossover between the organization and the media machine for idols, right down to candidates from one crossing over to the other if they’re found to have more talent in one area than another.**

- **Since Neo-PD hires young officers with big dreams, they don’t pay much, but award bonuses based on officer popularity and “loves” on social feeds. Quite a few officers have a side hustle selling personal greetings, photos, or videos for general consumption. More than one’s been known to engage in “compensated dating” with influential city officials or wealthy donors to law enforcement, and in those areas where sex work is decriminalized, several officers have found that the side hustle can outperform their actual police pay tenfold.**

- **> Kat-o’-Nine-Tales**

- **Good work if you can get it, but there are downsides. Popular officers might be called out to arrest people, or ticket them for minor offenses, just so that someone can be in the presence of their cop crush for a few minutes. The Twilight Cutter of Perth regularly wrote love letters to Officer Jin Takamura and eventually only surrendered to him after a body count of a dozen victims. The Cutter thought that such a huge boost would help Takamura’s career. Instead, the guilt overwhelmed him, and Takamura took his own life months later.**

- **SeaTac Sweetie**

- **Yeah, the comparisons to the world of K-pop and idols are fair. Engaging with fans is one thing, but stalkers are a real risk. Worse, when your job requires you to always be on camera and available, one bad day can cost you enormously.**

- **> Kia**
