---
id: TS-0038
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Shades of Blue
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Shades of Blue**

**A clean badge is about as rare as a clean conscience. If anything, the closest you come to heroes are those who meet the rare criteria of opportunities to do good with choices they can survive making. The fact is, between the modern articles of priority and behavior and the sheer degree of opposition (both from within and without), most of the best cops simply do the best they can with what they’re given. Maybe that means pushing that much harder to get the job done right rather than letting things slide or putting in a half-assed effort. Doing your duty within your legal parameters and doing the best at it you can often come with bureaucratic red tape, but the fact is your average criminal, from muggers to assaulters to serial killers, is better off the streets and in a tight cell or two meters deep. Doing that makes the world a safer place, and it’s not the worst way to earn commendations, promotions, and pay raises.**

**Robert O’Neill was a fne Guardsman, who served with distinction. \_\_\_\_\_ unit, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, will be lesser for \_\_\_\_\_ loss. Guardsman O’Neill fell due to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, but did so with the honor and integrity that is expected of any Metroplex Guard. \_\_\_\_\_ memory will be honored, and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_’s sacrifces will not be forgotten!**

**—Seattle Metroplex Guard’s “ONeill\_ FillableEulogyForm” file, left incomplete on an SMG terminal, acquired by (anonymous) user and uploaded for viewing**

**==> picture [246 x 38] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **All right, which one of us did that?**

- **Slamm-0**

- **You know, not every hacker hangs out here.**

- **Netcat**

- **Not yet, babe. Stay tuned …**

**> Slamm-0!**
