---
id: TS-0119
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: General Operations Division
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **General Operations Division**

**The largest of the three divisions, Genera l Operations encompasses a great many different elements of the frm. The commander who oversees this division is typically referred to as the Ops Commander and has historically been more of a business-inclined individual when compared to their peers. The primary function of this division is the Security and Enforcement Offce. The majority of Eagle Security agents are assigned to this division, to the SE Offce specifcally, and are charged with police duties and various security details. This division also oversees the Administrative Services Offce, which is responsible for everything from payroll operations to training. Though not nearly as fashy as the other two divisions, General Operations is the backbone of Eagle Security.**

- **General Ops seems like a catchall. They’re in charge of supply lines, too? This where logistics lives for Eagle Security?**

- **> Red Anya**

- **Yes. I regret to inform you, though, if you are looking to hit their supply lines for an easy haul, you’ll need to get in line.**

- **> Wicket**

- **Hah! Is everyone else coming to beat the candy out of Eagle’s piñata, too?**

- **> Kane**

- **Yes, and Eagle Security knows it. The escorts for the supply trucks, few in number as they may be, are always expecting a fight. Anticipate a gunfight for your prize.**

- **Wicket**

- **Same old, same old.**

- **Red Anya**

**For many civilians, agents from the SE Offce are typically the only Eagle Security staff they’ll be exposed to. Eagle Security police operations, everything from patrol to tactical detachments, are overseen by the General Operations Division, as are all security and close protection details. Internally this division is referred to as the “meat grinder,” as there’s an extremely high mortality rate. Many Eagles are left to fend for themselves once assigned to a post and are expected to do so without issue. This leads to a great many agents being killed in the line of duty, a sad fact that’s viewed as the cost of doing business by both the Board of Directors and ESSI leadership. It is common for Eagles to tell one another to not die with a commlink in their hands, because as they say, “Ain’t nobody coming to help.”**

- **Maybe it’s just me, but it always seems like Eagle Security officers smell like stale sweat and cigarette smoke.**

- **Chainmaker**

- **That lack of support translates to long shifts and no laundry service.**

- **Wicket**
