---
id: TS-0082
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: '> Bull'
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **>** Bull

Before anyone here starts in with the “Oh no, another Star-boy disenfranchised by the system, fi lled with envy, who’s going to explain how he has it hard compared to us” drek, I’ll save you some time. Yeah, I’m not a particularly big fan of Lone Star because I’m fi rst and foremost a cop. When you grow up as an ork in the barrens of Seattle, it’s not an easy path to go from the streets to wearing the badge. But I did, and for my own fragging reasons.

But professional knowledge (a.k.a. the “things you don’t learn from the manual”) matter just as much as The Book, because no book or manual can account for everything. There are principles, tactics, and little tricks that just have to be learned on the job. And all these could be knowing the difference between mere garbage and that vital clue that solves the case.

I know what I’m talking about when I say that. After a stint for Ares during KE’s time in Seattle, I’m back working for Lone Star in the Department

When I was a rookie, the fi rst thing my fi eld training offi cer said was that Lone Star offi cers



**==> picture [247 x 238] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 136] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 393] intentionally omitted \<==**

**of Special Investigations. Before that, I was a homicide detective. So that’s why I’ll focus on homicide cases. It’s the queen of investigations, which encompasses the full catalog of approaches and methods.**

**person’s case. In those situations, the hard part is fnding the crime scene to process. If there is none, how can we even know a crime has been committed?**

- **Remember that, while the detective here focuses on murders, most of the investigative tools and tactics mentioned here apply to other kinds of investigations as well. Of course, most property crimes just don’t get the populace up in arms. And don’t get me started on white collar crimes.**

- **If you’re not an old geezer like me, know that the so-called “Book of the Lone Star” has been previously leaked to the shadows. The most famous version, that can still be found in some data havens, is the one annotated by the Shadowland users in the ’50s. There are still a few good nuggets in that one, but more than a few things have changed since then.**

- **Lanyap**

**One last thing before we dive in: Keep in mind that most criminal investigations don’t start out as formal cases. Sometimes an investigator has some kind of insight or starts to see a pattern. It’s instinct and experience that can link different pieces of data together to reveal a case, a deeper crime that will require months of investigation. Most cases start off as a series of marginal investigations or minor crimes that don’t seem to connect at frst.**

- **Sim-Eon**
