---
id: TS-0288
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Unit-Specific Changes
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Unit-Specific Changes**

**The contacts and NPCs listed later in the chapter represent typical or standard versions. If you wish to make a contact who aligns more with a particular organization, you may use the examples below:**

**Aigle Royal: Infuence skill +1**

- **Centurion Industries: Add Xiphos tactical sword, replace pistol with Colt Government 2076 (w/ laser sight, explosive ammo), replace rife with Colt M23 (w/ fashlight, laser sight, silencer, explosive ammo).**

**DocWagon: Add +1 to the Biotech skill or add the skill Biotech 1.**

- **Eagle Security: Add Urban Tribe Tomahawk Mk II, Outdoors skill +1 or add Outdoors 1.**

- **Hard Corps: Add Defance Super Shock, replace any pistol with Ares Predator VI and any rife with Ares Alpha.**

- **Knight Errant: Replace any pistol with Ares Predator VI and any rife with Ares Alpha. Close Combat specialization (Clubs +2) or add Close Combat 1.**

- **Minuteman Security Services: Add Bates-Brown combat boots and shock gloves and stun baton. Replace the pistol with Browning Ultra Power.**

- **Neo-PD: Add Defance Super Shock, stun baton, shock gloves, replace pistol with FN PPA-1.**

- **Petrovski Security: Add Bates-Brown combat boots, replace pistol with Ares Light Fire 70, replace rife with SCK Model 100.**

- **Sakura Security: Add a sword to weapons list. Add Close Combat specialization (Blades +2) or add Close Combat 1.**

- **Wolverine Security: Replace any pistol with Ares Predator VI and any rife with Ares Alpha. The Close Combat skill gains +1 or add the skill Close Combat 1.**

- **Lone Star Security Services: The Infuence skill gains +1 or add the skill Infuence 1. Add jazz inhaler (2 doses).**

**==> picture [36 x 352] intentionally omitted \<==**



**Why is it benefcial to have a victim service specialist as a contact? In addition to themselves having a wide range of contacts in and out of law enforcement, they get to move in all circles within their law enforcement service provider. They may respond to a crime scene to assess and triage, and they will also provide direct in-person support. After the initial contact, they may also coordinate forensic interviews. Finally, they maintain relationships with federal, state, and local agencies.**

**==> picture [211 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Client Support<br>B A R S W L I C ESS<br>2 2 2 2 3 3 4 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>2 6/1 A1, I2 9/10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Active Skills: Athletics 1, Biotech 1, Con 3, Electronics 3, Infuence 3, Outdoors 3, Perception 3, Piloting 2 Knowledge Skills: Local Safehouses, Psychology, Theology Gear: Sony Emperor commlink**
