---
id: TS-0161
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Reputation
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Reputation**

**“Classic” Lone Star is the beat-and-(maybe) release police who turn a blind eye to almost any crime done by run-of-the-mill humans. But if you’re any type of metahuman you’re getting scrutinized on the spot, and your charges are going to stack up like soycakes in front of a troll. And there’s no doubt you’re going to “trip” a few times while you’re in custody. It didn’t matter what city you were in; if Lone Star had the contract, you were criminally metahuman. It all stemmed from a corporate culture that grew up in the heart of Texas, a place often stuck in time that idolizes its ten brief years as an independent nation. Racism was rampant then and it’s carried on but shifted. If this is the Lone Star you know, you can expect to fnd some of those hardliners still out there. But there’s at least one really good thing about coming under OmniStar and expanding so rapidly. They’ve had less time to make sure everyone they hire prefers their metahumanity smooth-skinned and round-eared. Metas often got drek-tastic beats to work at, but at least they’re getting hired.**

**That leads me to the modern Lone Star. Under OmniStar with their Charisma Associates makeover, a more open-minded organization is in the works. With the employees moving between OmniStar subsidiaries, a food of new hires, and the increase in overall contracts, the times they are a-changin’. On the street this means you get a little more variety in your cops, but it also means you need to pay attention and know what you’re getting. You can’t just assume it’s some jackboot**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**meathead. That could cost you a valuable contact down the road.**

**Th is has contributed to a lot of internal strife. The old guard is trying to indoctrinate the new recruits who already have some pretty strongly set opinions, while these new recruits try to cement policy changes that curb the attitudes and actions of the old-timers. Workwise, this means we’ll see internal struggles hitting the streets as both sides battle for dominance.**
