---
id: TS-0101
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Designing the Scenes
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Designing the Scenes**

**Now that we have the who, what, where, and when, the why becomes essential. Remember the motto of any criminal investigation: motive, opportunity, and means! The how and why the crime came to be is key. Jilted lovers or a business partnership going sour can provide all the favor in the world. A random crime is more unlikely, but can amp up the amount of frustration a team can experience. That motive is what makes the case feel real. It explains why evidence is left behind. It’s going to make it feel messy and hectic, which can give the investigators their “in.”**

**Second, the type of investigation style is important to design. The scene could be laid out like an investigative procedural show where the team is methodically working the case, collecting evidence, following leads, and building up the right progress to drive home a verdict or maybe a little bit of personal justice. Alternatively, it could be more of an action story, where each witness and piece of evidence lead to another chance for bullets fying and intense combat.**

**Each step of the investigation can be thought of as a scene or collection of elements on the evidence board. These will lead to specifc social encounters while talking to witnesses and suspects or hitting the pavement trying to drum up more information. The scene could be fully investigative where there are clues in an apartment or other location that the team needs to discover through Perception or other knowledge skills. It could be a fully astral or digital scene where only a subset of the team is able to fnd the trails left behind. The goal of any given scene is for the team to discover information that helps them transition to a new part of the evidence board or to a new scene.**

**What happens when they stall out or if the scene becomes too challenging for them to continue? A big part of an investigation design has to do with the number of clues that will lead investigators forward. There should never be one and only one clue that the entire investigation hinges on. Instead, look at providing three to four clues to move to that next challenge. And failing to solve a case is a very real outcome and can still be valuable to a story if they discover some of the story elements core to the case.**

**What’s most important is creating memorable scenes to talk to the runners and give them a chance to make decisions. The jilted lover may have a valid reason for murdering their ex. The business partner could be a right bastard who deserves to have everything stolen from them. Or maybe it wasn’t a fair shake and now the person and their family are worse off. Letting the investigators work the case and decide someone’s fate is character-defning.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
