---
id: TS-0140
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "Firewatch Teams - \u201CThe Cavalry\u201D"
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Firewatch Teams**

## **“The Cavalry”**

**As the Cavalry are to Knights, so too are Firewatch teams to the Cavalry (at least in theory). Intended to be the best of the best, Firewatch teams when frst founded were on a level close to Wildcats or Tír Paladins, with numbers to match. As their popularity went up, so did their numbers, but the quality went in the other direction—happens anytime you lower your requirements in order to get more bodies in the mix. Today, they’re better than the Cavalry, but not dramatically so; the biggest difference is that Firewatch gets dibs on magical assets, so they come with the spell slinging, spirits, and adepts that Cavalry teams only dream of.**

**What most Knights aspire to be, the Cavalry are KE’s SWAT/HTR teams. Assembled into fre teams and quartered in their own facilities (Castles, for the record), they’re ready to roll 24-7 to save the ordinary patroller or, better, sent in to destroy enemy strongpoints. Well-armed, wellarmored, and well-trained, they’re military special ops teams in all but name. SOP is that there is one Cavalry team per ten thousand people under a contracted area.**

- **In a perfect world, each fire team would contain a magician, but KE has never been able to hire enough mages to make this a reality. Instead, a spirit is usually assigned to the team leader and used as astral support. Those few teams with a physical adept or spellcaster are the envy of other fire teams.**

**McGinnis looks to cull more than half of all Firewatch teams in order to focus resources on bettering those left. Some might be willing to be demoted to the Cavalry, but he’s wanting to trim**

- **Glasswalker**

**==> picture [24 x 169] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
101<br>SHADOWRUN: TARNISHED STAR<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**there as well, to boost the Knights and especially the Investigation section. Firewatch guys won’t be willing to step back that far. So what is he going to do? Your guess is as good as mine.**

- **The intent was for a single Firewatch team in a contracted area of a million people, but that went out the window when they became famous. I wouldn’t be shocked to see them return to that level eventually, but it’ll cost 90 percent of the current roster. Hello new shadowrunners …**

- **Gli tch**
