---
id: TS-0168
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: The Dangerous Action Police
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **The Dangerous Action Police**

**The DAPolice (or DAP) is the HTR of NeoPD, called in when the standard offcers are outgunned. They’re a reluctant option as urban warfare just looks terrible on the evening news. But when forced, they’re deployed with vigor. The DAP are on par with standard Knight Errant offcers in terms of training and gear, which puts them signifcantly ahead of Neo-PD offcers in general. While powerful compared to most criminals in Asia, they’re woefully under-armed for North America. This is a problem that NeoPD has yet to overcome and has prevented them from making the best of expansion opportunities there. There is usually only a single DAP offcer per fve thousand people under contract. It’s enough to deal with one escalation at a time, but if a city erupts into riots or widescale crime, the DAP can be easily overwhelmed.**

- **That’s crazy. Ten DAP officers in a town of fifty thousand, split over three shifts? Go-gangs would run wild!**

- **Turbo Bunny**

- **This is why they work so hard to keep things from getting that bad, but when an area’s closer to a warzone than a shopping mall, they outsource; both Hard Corps and Wolverine Security have worked with Neo-PD to provide extra HTR responses.**

- **> Balladeer**

- **Kind of undercuts their entire philosophy, in my opinion.**

- **> 2XL**
