---
id: TS-0020
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Law Enforcement in the Sixth World
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Law Enforcement in the Sixth World**

**Moving back to slightly more recent history, the changes that rocked the world after the Awakening continued well into the twenty-frst century and led to more than just the rise of corporate police. They forced both the old municipal systems and the newly emerging corporate law enforcement to adapt to a new reality. This included the growing infuence of magic, both on the streets and in the police force. Technological advances created a new class of augmented opposition—strong, fast, armed, and armored—that forced a response in kind by the police. The repeated cycles of crash, evolve, and crash again of the world’s information and communications systems forced new changes with every iteration. And on top of all that, there were the new populations that made race more than skin color. Elves, dwarfs, orks, and trolls all presented their own issues and opportunities that law enforcement organizations had to address.**

- **In places that have what are essentially protected nonmetahuman citizens, such as Aztlan, Amazonia, Yakut, etc., police enforcement has had to adapt further. Where possible, metasapients who are willing to work in enforcement were recruited by the government. In some communities like Amazonia, it worked fairly well, but in others like Yakut, the pushback could be harsh.**

- **Marko**
