---
id: TS-0050
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: Remember the Donuts
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Remember the Donuts**

**So, who becomes a cop these days? Surely with all the new hardware out on the streets, the proliferation of gang activity, corporations waging proxy wars through runner teams, and fragging carnivorous rats, not to mention the more sixlegged variety of spirit my hometown is famous for, who in their right mind would want to be sent out with a pistol and a pat on the back?**

**Believe it or not, for some it’s still a calling. A rookie will sometimes get hired and put through training. Their head is still in the clouds about stopping people from getting hurt and really helping folks. Some families still adhere to their age-old traditions where everyone is a cop, either for the local LEP or the actual city police forces of old. This kind of tradition doesn’t seem to extend to similar felds like corporate security or metroplex guard, though. There’s something about being a city cop, which for some folks has that little bit of metahuman touch left in it. But, as we know, the world isn’t a very kind place. Most rookies are injured, sometimes even killed, in the line of duty. Or they bear witness to something the law is powerless to stop, or worse yet, complicit in. It shatters them, either drums them out of the business outright or turns them into a jaded prick who doesn’t give a frag anymore. It’s so hard to hold on to that spark. It’s amazing anyone in the business ever could.**

**For others, it’s a bit of a power trip. They want the ability to hold people accountable, and to be the one to do it. Getting the chance to control the lives of so many for such petty drek really gets these fraggers off. Usually, they don’t go far. You have to be more than just a jack-booted thug to be able to do anything** _**but**_ **take orders. These kinds of clowns usually end up biting off more than they can chew and end up on the wrong end of a fed-up slumlord with a T-250. Or worse.**
