---
id: TS-0033
source: Tarnished Star
chapter: General
topic: "\u2014\u201CKazuo\u201D, Renraku Red Samurai"
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **—“Kazuo”, Renraku Red Samurai**

**==> picture [315 x 8] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 425] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I became a Ranger the same way everyone else does: by surviving a bunch of gunfghts and having a general disdain for authority. Heh. All right, I’ll give you a serious answer, calm yourself. Let me get this matchbook out of my boot really quickly.**

**I tell ya, there ain’t nothin’ like a good stogie to get the day started. All right, what was your stupid question? “Why did I become a ranger with Eagle Security?” I don’t know, maybe because it pays better? What do you want to hear? I started of like everyone in ESSI does, as a member of the SE Ofce, assigned to patrol a couple miles of high-crime. Survived long enough to be granted a spot on the local tactical detachment, survived some more shootin’, and was asked if I wanted to try and become a Ranger. I was told that I would either earn the Ranger star, or I’d die tryin’. I thought to myself, “Well, hell, dyin’ sounds like a good time, I done lived long enough anyway, but if I do end up livin’ I get to call myself something special!” It was a win-win as far as I was concerned.**

**I lived, unfortunately, and that was all she wrote. Got my ranger star, my rife, and of I went. Nothin’ fancy about it. Sorry, brother. I like the job though. I get to go where I please and kill who I want. For the most part, anyway. Command always has someone they want hunted down and iced. Sometimes it’s even a challenge. Apart from the hunter-killer-type orders, I’m left to my own devices; just as long as I deal with anyone who poses a threat to our clients or the company itself. Top it all of, the pay is pretty great considering what I’d be earnin’ elsewhere, and the retirement package is pretty nifty, as well. If I live long enough while serving in my Ranger capacity I get a plot of land courtesy of the company when I reach retirement.**

**To be frank with you, though, I don’t imagine I’ll ever reach retirement. Don’t know if I’d want to anyway, heh. But I’m pleased with where I’m at. Do some killin’ when I please, roam wherever I want, and I don’t have to worry about sitting on no damned board meetings. Yeah, I think I’ll keep this job.**

**—“Ranger Dave”, Eagle Security Services Inc.**



**things their employers care about. So, when you fnd yourself in a confrontation with one of these individuals or groups, it typically means one’s only choice will be to attempt to fee or die.**
