---
id: WL-0254
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Ethereal Centipede - (Scolopendra etherus)
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Ethereal Centipede**

## **(Scolopendra etherus)**

**Awakened from the common desert centipede or tiger centipede, this is one of those parabiologicals that does not need to stick around long on the earth. They carry a centipede’s standard level of venom but with something a little extra in the mix. The bite of the ethereal centipede enters the victim’s system, and prior to attacking the organs, it goes after the brain with a collection of chemicals that will set it spinning. Full-spectrum hallucinations, including access to the astral plane. Tripping and suddenly seeing auras all at the same time. It’s a total mind-bender that leaves you bumbling and stumbling until the standard venom hits your organs and you’re dead.**

**==> picture [217 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [325 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [110 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**While slightly larger than their progenitor by about ten percent, they have similar markings. The oranges and browns of the carapace are replaced with deeper reds and darker blacks. The biggest difference is on the astral plane. The ethereal centipede is dual-natured, and its aura looks even larger than its natural form.**

**I was working deep in the PCC when I got bit. I recognized my attacker immediately and managed to hit myself with a solid Detox spell before the deadly side of the venom got to me. The problem is, the hallucinogen effect was already there, and it forced me into astral perception and turned the desert around me into a pink-and-purple zone of madness. I was so out of it I just sat down and kept trying to push another Detox through myself. Problem was, I wasn’t able to weave a damn spell to save my life. Everything came out as something else. All spells I already knew by rote, but I was hallucinating so much I was mixing and matching the memories of the spells. Detox turned to lightning bolt. Levitate turned to armor. I went on and on, laughing and casting myself right into unconsciousness.**

**When I woke up, I was being dragged by a combat wombat. It wasn’t a highlight moment. I gave the wombat a little zap, and luckily the spell worked. Then I levitated up out of reach and tried to get my bearings. The hamster ball was in sight quite a bit off. It wasn’t until I got back and got a look at myself that I realized how far the CW had dragged me and how much skin I had lost off my face.**
