---
id: WL-0125
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Greater Wolverine - (Gulo impii)
page: 59
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Greater Wolverine**

## **(Gulo impii)**

**When you encounter a creature with a wide-ranging personality, you always feel a need to go back and keep exploring its habits and abilities. That was my situation with the greater wolverine after having my hypothesis backed up by Ecotope’s observations. I was mainly curious as to the purpose or advantage of bringing together a collection of aggressive predators when packstyle hunting is not the biological base. Much like many Awakened species I have studied, the number of paranormal animals that display variations in social order and hunting styles is high. Several other species have also altered their social structures from solitary to pack, and while the greater wolverine has not done so with its own kind (which would be horrifying), its gathering of mundane wolverines displays the same purpose: strength in numbers.**

**The greater wolverine presents as an extremely large wolverine. They don’t vary in color or internal structures from their mundane kin, and in fact**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**still interbreed. Their improved hunting abilities more than meet the need for sustenance for the pack, and this increased social behavior translates into little more than a need for additional hunting territory.**

**I made the mistake of trying my hand at behavioral studies without enough assistance, a.k.a. backup, and without doing an initial territorial and population analysis, so I had no idea how many specimens I was dealing with. Despite my utmost respect for this predator, I was far too pompous in my efforts. Having admitted that, I can also now feel comfortable in saying it’s still not my fault.**

**I was doing the study and had everything well in hand, but in the midst of tracking one of their hunts, I came into contact with a damper bunny. I had no idea they were even active in the area (again, my mistake), and when my levitation and invisibility spells suddenly dropped I was plopped in the path of a pack that were cornering an elk. While the mundane wolverines continued their efforts to bring down that prey, the greater wolverine turned its attention to me.**

**I have never run so fast in my life.**

**I was waiting to feel the hindrance of the damper bunny cease when I spotted several warren hutches. These entrances to the rabbit warren told me I was probably running right through the middle of it and quite possibly was not going to regain the use of my arcane abilities before I became wolverine food. The creature managed to catch up to me, and I just barely ducked the frst swing of its claws. I wasn’t outrunning it and with my slivergun I wasn’t outgunning it, so I tucked in behind a large tree and went with outwitting it. I ducked and ran in circles around the tree while it snapped and clawed. It was cartoonish but effective. The tree was splintered and torn apart when I felt my mojo return. I considered trying to take the creature down but instead trusted feeing over fghting.**

**The beast started to climb a tree to come after me as I levitated until its weight bent the trunk, and it had to give up the chase.**

**==> picture [255 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                   |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ----------------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| greater wolverine |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B                 | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 7                 | 6    | 5     | 5   | 4        | 2   | 4   | 1   | 1   | 4   | 6   |
| DR                | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 13                | 9/2  | A1/I3 | 12  | 10/25/+2 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 4, Athletics 5, Close Combat 8, Outdoors 6, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Animal Control (Wolverines, Badgers), Armor 6, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Smell), Natural Weapon Weaknesses: Reduced Senses (Vision)**

**Weapons:**

**Claws [Close Combat, DV 8P, 12/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 59] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
