---
id: WL-0139
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Pandamonium - (Ailuropoda toxis)
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pandamonium**

## **(Ailuropoda toxis)**

**I talked about my horrifying experience with the pandamonium in** _**Howling Shadows**_ **, but since then**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [350 x 366] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// PIASMA //<br>65<br>SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**These packs are developing territories and expanding those territories almost daily. Wuxing has had huge issues with them claiming several power and R&D properties within their territory and wreaking havoc on the employees and facilities. Work for shadowy types abounds, but it ain’t like shooting ducks in a barrel.**

**This issue led to me working as an observer at a Wuxing facility that had become a target. I wasn’t meant to be there for any purpose outside of observation, so I was being very low key, except my low key also seemed to lack some awareness. I was walking to a security hut along the perimeter and missed the trio of pandamoniums that had breached the fence and were crouched right in my path. I literally tripped over one of them.**

**They obviously were more focused on staying hidden since they didn’t attack me until after I was recovering from my stumble. The one I tripped on slashed at me and took a nice chunk out of my back. The blow planted me back on the dirt again, which was good, because the gunner in the security tower opened up. I focused on the bulkiest armor spell I could manage and curled up. Both the bullets and the pandamonium’s claws tried the armor—luckily, it held.**

**I don’t know who I was more pissed at afterward, but since the Wuxing docs patched me up good, I forgave the gun goon for being a little overzealous in trying to exterminate the critters.**

**==> picture [175 x 107] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Positive side was the autopsy I got to perform on the one they managed to down. Helped me get a good grasp on their spit gland and their unique fur.**
