---
id: WL-0135
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Mimic Snake - (Serpentes fistulae)
page: 63
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mimic Snake**

## **(Serpentes fistulae)**

**It should come as no surprise how this particular critter managed to get the drop on me. What should be surprising is that a specimen quite literally got the drop on me and it wasn’t an accident or a defensive move. It actually attacked me like I was food. Sure, I’m small, but I’m still far larger than their normal prey. I’ll go into more detail after a little brief on them.**

**The average mimic snake is about four meters long and weighs in at about forty kilos. They’ve got dark green scales with black and yellow markings breaking up the shape and color pattern and providing excellent natural camoufage for the wooded areas of the UCAS and CAS east of the Mississippi River. Unlike most constrictors, they have pronounced fangs but are not venomous, instead using the angled teeth to keep prey that is still squirming from escaping their unhinged maw. This is generally not an issue, as their prey is either suffocated or dead from internal injuries, but that isn’t always guaranteed. I should know.**

**In order to capture prey, the mimic snake hunts by replicating the sounds of prey animals. Mating calls are the most common but a collection of howls, yips, clicks, warbles, and other communication noises have been observed. This sound mimicry can also extend into metahuman vocalizations for subjects that spend extended periods of time near urban centers. Even near urban populations, metahumans aren’t their usual prey. Most of the subjects I studied used the warble of the wild turkey to hunt them, but other small birds and mammals are also on the menu. Slightly larger mammals, such as coyotes, large dogs, wolves, and even deer aren’t usually attacked because they’re too large to swallow and leave the snakes vulnerable to predators. This isn’t always the case, as even a vulnerable mimic snake has a great method of chasing off would-be predators.**

**Mimicking a bigger predator is a favorite strategy. This is commonly a bear or wolf but most**

**==> picture [211 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**often a piasma because they fragging terrify everything. On a few observed occasions, they have imitated a gunshot, because metahumans are scary when properly equipped. The trick is to make the sound before the predator can catch sight or scent of them. While the mimic snake is similar to other constrictors that incubate their eggs internally before birthing live young, the tales of mimic snakes hunting in groups, with some snakes mimicking predators to push prey toward others lying in wait, are unsubstantiated. Even the newly birthed young don’t work together and instead immediately go their separate ways. A single birthing could include up to sixty offspring, and dependent on local prey density, populations of constrictors in an area can rise quite quickly. The mimic snake has actually done a good job of decreasing wild boa populations by outcompeting them for resources and predator avoidance. Though neither of these species has much in the way of natural predators.**

**==> picture [36 x 696] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Speaking of predators, the mimic snake will often hide in trees to avoid them but then also uses that vantage to drop down onto unsuspecting prey. That’s part of how they got me.**

**I wasn’t doing research on them at the time but rather trying to locate a scavenge squirrel stash. I was still scanning up, down, and all around, but I’ll be damned if I didn’t miss one of these tucked up in a kudzu-covered oak. It wasn’t just the camoufage. It made an exceptionally convincing rendition of a woman calling for help. I’m not the type to leave a damsel in distress, but I’m also not the type to stumble blindly through the woods when I hear someone call. I was neither fast nor slow, but somehow the snake’s call was perfectly placed to get me to move right under its hidey spot in the tree.**

**One second I was moving toward the help sounds, and the next I was bit over my head, and the snake dropped down to squeeze me. I wanted to blast the fragging thing, but all I could manage was getting an Oxygenate spell up so I wouldn’t suffocate and putting everything else I had into a Barrier spell so the thing wouldn’t squish me like a tube of soypaste. I did a great job of staying calm and playing dead, because it popped its jaw and started to swallow me. With the constriction lessened, I was able to ease up on the barrier enough to arc a lightning bolt through the fragging thing. It wasn’t the highlight of my parazoology career to fry the thing, but my bleeding heart stops as soon as I swap over from observer to part of the food web.**

**A fnal note on that effort in Atlanta to keep the pigeon population down. It worked. Pigeons are nearly non-existent there, but instead the city has a huge mimic snake problem. Also, metahuman children are not too large to prey on. If you take a gig in Atlanta for a corp kid gone missing, you can add the local mimic snake population to your investigation suspects.**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
