---
id: WL-0152
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Boobrie - Colo Colo
page: 76
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Boobrie**

## **Colo Colo**

**The boobrie (** _**Grus carnivori**_ **) is a large wading bird in the crane family. It carries a mutated form of VITAS-III that appears to have been developed due to the proximity of toxic waterways to its natural habitat. The boobrie is native to North America, and some of the largest nests can be found along the waterways of the Mississippi, with birds numbering in the thousands.**

**The colo colo (** _**Myocastor digitalis**_ **) is an Emerged rodent that is distantly related to the nutria, a South American spiny rat. Whereas the nutria can reach lengths of sixty centimeters, the colo colo is about half the size, reaching an adult length of thirty centimeters and a weight of about four kilograms. This Emerged species has a worldwide reach due to extensive fur-farms that were set up on nearly every continent.**

**The rat-like creature has thick, coarse brown fur. Young colo colo are all brown fur with irongrey colored teeth, while adults have a white fur “beard” around their mouth with rust-colored incisors. The high content of metal in their teeth has enabled them to bite into hardlines. These nuisance rodents are known to attack wireless networks as well, stealing or corrupting data wherever possible. The reason for the behavior is currently unknown, but a recent article has pointed out that some smaller towns on the edge of marshlands have been abandoned due to continual data failure, so there may be something to the theory that we are being herded by these menaces.**

**> One thing I’ve learned is that you need to be extra careful dealing with any Awakened birds. Many of them are disease carriers that can transmit some truly nasty infections. I always wear tons of protective gear when we are taking care of birds. > Juice Box**

**This bird stands nearly two meters tall with a wingspan of three meters and can weigh up to twelve kilograms. The plumage of the boobrie is black, and it has a bright red beak and legs. The beak is slightly hooked and optimized for catching fsh. It has a distinctive, raucous cry that locals consider a nuisance, especially when dealing with an entire fock of them.**

**The colo colo is an herbivore grazer. This sort of behavior has extended into how it attacks networks. The typical behavior goes after the lessprotected outer edge of networks, crunching on the data before heading deeper into the network. The animal isn’t aggressive, and at the frst sense of a predator, it will duck out of sight to protect itself. But traveling in the swamp with a commlink and no additional protection is asking to lose your contact list or favorite trideos. Some of the criminal elements have used this as a way to clean up some evidence.**

**The boobrie will catch fsh in its beak and then use its beak and sharp claws to rip the fsh to shreds, allowing the bird to eat the smaller pieces. A typical fock size is usually 100 birds but can get larger under the right conditions. The boobrie isn’t known to be aggressive unless someone gets too near to its nest, and its razor-sharp beak and claws can do serious harm to any victim of the attack. The bigger concern is the risk of infection, which can come from any wound by the bird, or by ingesting any boobrie meat. And anytime a boobrie is attacked, its cry will bring the rest of the fock to its defense.**

**Scientists have recently classifed a subtype of the colo colo that shows adaptations to toxic environments. Two specifc varieties have popped up in the wetlands northwest of Bogotá (** _**Myocastor cancrum**_ **) and near Cancer Alley in the CAS (** _**Myocastor discordia**_ **). Both variations share the same size and coloration. The lesion beaver in Colombia typically is slightly larger and will be missing fur patches. The trojan rat near New Orleans has a reddish cast to its fur, and its powerful incisors are black instead of the more traditional rust color.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|         |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |
| ------- | ---- | ------ | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| boobrie |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |
| B       | A    | R      | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | ESS |
| 3       | 6    | 5      | 3   | 3        | 1   | 6   | 2   | 6   |
| DR      | I/ID | AC     | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |
| 3       | 11/2 | A1, I3 | 10  | 10/15/+1 |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 8, Outdoors 3, Perception 5, Stealth 4 Powers: Infection (VITAS-III), Natural Weapon (Beak) Weapons:**

**Beak [Close Combat, DV 2P, 9/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 166] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Just wanted to self-note here that I think some of the research is full of drek. The Myocastor cancrum is not related to the colo colo other than maybe through the base nutria species.**

- **G-Nome**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
