---
id: WL-0260
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Greater Dancing White Lady - (Carparachne aureograndi)
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Greater Dancing White Lady**

## **(Carparachne aureograndi)**

**Traipsing through any desert is dangerous, but the dunes of the Namib hide a deadly secret. Hiding in holes up to a half-meter wide, reinforced and covered with sand woven into spidersilk, the greater dancing white lady waits to leap forth and bring down prey. An Awakened trap door spider that uses paralyzing touch before injecting its venom to kill and start digesting its prey. Ranging from twelve to thirty centimeters in diameter, leg tip to leg tip, they aren’t large enough to bring down a metahuman on their own, even one as small as me, but they live in a somewhat communal fashion, with up to two dozen subjects building hunting holes on a dune face to work together to kill larger prey. These group strikes are not entirely polite social endeavors and frequently result in fghts over prey that pit spiders against one another.**

**This is not the only time these arachnids are cannibalistic. The females prey on the males after copulation, and the hatchlings feed off the mother after they are born. This is similar to their mundane progenitors, with the only difference being hatchling quantities. The greater dancing white lady has smaller broods, which is great, because having reproductive numbers matching the trapdoor spider could lead to overpopulation and the rapid spread of this species out of their desert home.**

**My encounter with them wasn’t exactly neardeath for me, but I did lose my ride. I was traveling via camel and my ride stepped into a pit where a particularly large female specimen had birthed a healthy brood. Stepping in the hole agitated the young and they struck out at the poor beast. While they were small in size and raw power, numbers were on their side and the little spiders managed to paralyze the camel. The camel fell, I fell, and the young spiders poured out to fnish off my trusty dromedary.**

**I didn’t even try to save the camel, instead lofting my own hoop up and fnishing the rest of the**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
