---
id: WL-0108
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Warmth of the Mountains
page: 49
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Warmth of the Mountains**

**(Lama glorius)**

**Don’t call this magnifcent creature a simple alpaca, especially to the corporate slags who have been hiring runner teams to head up into the Andes and snag these for private and corporate collections for the beautiful wool they generate.**

**This Awakened alpaca has a coat of fur thicker than any other seen in nature. The wool is softer than anything else in nature and has a strength profle similar to spider-silk. The fur is a mix of white, black, silver, brown, and gold and is used for expensive wool garments that provide decent ballistic protection as well as warmth. Not to mention the social boost you get for wearing some of the rarest materials on the planet. It’s like a nice, warm diamond your grandma can knit a sweater out of!**


**==> picture [238 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**But seriously, the Warmth of the Mountains is protected and holy to the local tribes. While these tribes are not sophisticated in the ways of modern tech, magic helps bridge the gap between the bullets and sticks when it comes to keeping these creatures safe. Not that this is completely necessary with this Awakened alpaca’s particular defense mechanism.**

**I guess this is a good spot to bring up how I almost died. I was out ahead of my companions as I was regularly utilizing levitation rather than climbing. I settled over a ridge and looked back to check on my fellows, but as I turned back, I came face-tosnout with a beautiful specimen. It looked me up and down. I could tell it was checking out my aura, and then it cocked its head to the side and slightly back before a rapid snapback and spit. I was expecting typical alpaca spit, stinky and gooey, but instead I started to feel my fesh burn and caught the familiar scent of early chemistry class and hydrochloric acid.**

**==> picture [238 x 210] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I felt a little bad about my response. It was a bit extreme. I lashed out with a too-potent lightning bolt and scorched this poor critter clean off the face of terra frma. I quickly followed that up with a little healing mojo and then waited for the rest of my chummers to reach the ridge and give me a hoop chewing.**

**I was able to start my next paper focusing on the acidic spit of this Awakened alpaca, so that was a positive step for my career, but the scorched corpse didn’t help our credstick accounts.**

**It did fll our bellies nicely, though.**


## **warmth of the mountains**

**==> picture [210 x 49] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|     |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| B   | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 8   | 3    | 3     | 6   | 2        | 1   | 4   | 5   | 1   | 6   | 6   |
| DR  | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 12  | 7/1  | A1/I2 | 12  | 10/15/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [37 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**
