---
id: WL-0189
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Gomatia - (Chamaeleo gomatus)
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Gomatia**

## **(Chamaeleo gomatus)**

**Sometimes it’s best to let an initial study stand on its own rather than return for more research and fnd out just how fast something can be corrupted by the forces of this modern world. The gomatia is a perfect example of this. These Awakened chameleons went from obscurity to infamy in about a year.**

**Shortly after my studies, corporate security corps made a big push to bring the gomatia to the forefront of their security forces. Huge numbers were pulled from the wild for both training and breeding programs, decimating the wild population. Their numbers dropped so signifcantly that the progenitor chameleon species was able to make a comeback after being nearly wiped out by its Awakened kin.**

**Their stealthy hunting habits translated nicely to security work, as the gomatia would be trained to stay out of sight and attack without warning. In the wild, this would involve their sticky tongue grabbing some unsuspecting prey and pulling it into the maw of the gomatia to be crushed in its insanely powerful jaws. As targets coming after corporate facilities tend to be larger, the trainers discovered they could teach the gomatia to lash out with their tongue and then leap onto their prey rather than pulling the target in. Gomatias were also trained to strike at the head and neck while leaping, often attempting to wrap their tongue around the head of the intruder.**

**These training regimens were insane, but someone got it in their head that they would work—and they have. This dog-sized lizard is replacing hell hounds and bogeys as a regular sec pet.**

**On top of the training, some of the gomatias are getting small modifcations to their tongues. Early efforts involved a sharp smart blade at the end, but newer work has replaced this with a small shock pad. This effort seemed to increase the survivability of security gomatias, as it didn’t interfere with their eating habits. The shock isn’t up to most tasers**



**on the market, but it’s enough to give a little edge to the gomatia. Facilities that prefer to bring intruders in for questioning should talk to Petrovski Security. They’ve kitted their gomatias with tongue zappers and also designed pads for their feet that shock a target when they hit, further increasing the critter’s effectiveness. This isn’t perfect, as the gomatia will still take a large chunk off with a bite, but it shortens the confict, decreasing the chance of the gomatia being injured or killing the intruder after multiple bites or strikes. The trained gomatia will take a single bite from a downed target and stop attacking as they eat their reward.**

**As many know from my early research, gomatias are not naturally aggressive unless defending their young. Breeding programs have shifted this and moved the gomatia further up the aggro index I have used for reference in the past. It’s a sad shift, and it may also mean this species could not be reintegrated into nature even if we tried. Then again, if a stock of them escape into an urban environment in a city with suitable weather conditions, they could rapidly become invasive and quite problematic. I’d expect work coming in from environmentally minded organizations and potentially other corps that want to make a scene involving breaking some gomatias free. If they can get loose before they are totally security trained, we will have a new urban predator on our hands.**

**My near-death run-in with a gomatia is what triggered my return to the wild to check on them. I wasn’t out in the jungle, but rather breaking into an R&D black site in the Aurora Warrens. I was working with some earth-friendly folks, and they wanted the test animals released in some classic protector fashion. I took the easy gig to put a little extra nuyen in my pocket and maybe do a little good.**

**I was already past all the external security and thought I was home free when I got slapped in the back of the head with a sticky tongue. It leaped at me while I fell to the foor, and it was on me in a blink. The jaws were in the process of closing over my shoulder when I let loose a bolt of lightning. Scorched chameleon smells a lot like cooked chicken. Needless to say, I was a little more careful and spotted four more before I managed to get to the subject holding cells.**

**I let a couple hundred test animals go, and I’m sure not all of them made it, but at least I was able to use their scattered feeing to keep my own head out of a gomatia’s mouth.**

- **Wasn’t there talk of these things as pets?**

**> Netcat**

- **Yup. Still a market for them. They’re loyal to a fault with the family and make great protection animals for young potential kidnapping victims.**

- **Balladeer**
