---
id: WL-0103
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Thunderbird, Greater - (Avesfulmen splendidus)
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Thunderbird, Greater**

## **(Avesfulmen splendidus)**

**A friend mentioned a tactic used by this glorious species in the** _**Howling Shadows**_ **download. At the time, I didn’t think it was that big a deal to mention, and neither did he, obviously. A little secret behind that tale, though—I was a part of that thunderbird horror story.**

**I was doing research on the greater thunderbird in a small company town called Moorhatch Junction. The place had a real old-American-west feel, but it was just corporate shellac over a remote technosapience research facility. I was there consulting on a totally different species when this nasty early winter storm whips up and shuts down land access to anyone except a snow-walking Tolkien elf. Along with the snow, this heavy fog cover kept VTOLs from getting in or out. It was like the whole place got cocooned in a bubble of white.**

**And then the red started. The frst few were just animals. The town had a small ranch for luxury meat production, and three of the cattle went missing. They all had tracking RFIDs, so the company did a quick search and found them about 500 meters up a ridge with no easy access. They followed that up with a scan on their previous tracking points, and I got called in because they went from their pasture up 200 meters, down 200 meters (rapidly), and then over to the ridge.**

**Between the weather and that attack style, I instantly hypothesized greater thunderbirds. The little town went on high security and what started as three cattle quickly escalated to security personnel, researchers, more cattle, local pets, and even a full-grown grizzly. The bear was dropped dead center in town and then scooped back up as an assertion of dominance. This went on for nearly a month. It was like living in a horror trid. Several people went mad and tried to walk to safety only to be dropped back in town as part of further dominance gestures.**

**I took a chance and did a little astral scouting. As if I had not already been close enough to death, this is where they truly messed me up, but I managed to discover the problem. It was not a lone thunderbird but a small clutch of four adults and a dozen young.**

**Needless to say, after my recovery, I suggested hunkering down, utilizing our processed rations, and sacrifcing the cattle and other animals to the thunderbird family to protect metahuman life.**

**Luckily my status as a mage kept me more valuable than the cattle, and the decision-makers chose a different course of action.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
