---
id: WL-0115
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Smoke Wolf - (Canis lupus infernus)
page: 53
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Smoke Wolf**

## **(Canis lupus infernus)**

**When it comes to digging into some of the Sixth World’s most unique paracritters, you have to be ready for some wild adventures. The smoke wolf fts this bill. Like a moth drawn to the fame, your only chance of studying a smoke wolf is to head toward a forest fre. That is not the direction most sane people run. I’m not saying the shadows are full of the most sane people, but even the dimmest runners I’ve met know that running into a fre is a bad idea. That being said, I’ll clarify that I did not go chasing these critters into a fre to learn about them. I have encountered them and I’d like to run you through what I thought at the time was going to be my one and only encounter with a pack of these.**

**Let’s talk looks frst. Imagine a smoky grey-andblack wolf, eyesight on par with your elf research assistant who happened to play basketball for U-Dub. Their fur is constantly faking off ash and a thin smoke. Every specimen I have seen has orange eyes that look to be lit by an inner fame. The edges of their fur and tips of their nails are always hot and can be focused on to start a fame or singe an opponent or attacker. They travel in packs of only their own kind, as other wolves couldn’t handle the environments they both face and create.**

**The smoke wolf is as much a spirit of vengeance as it is a physical being. Now, I’m not saying it’s a spirit of beasts—that was an early hypothesis done by Dr. Shannon Tootle (RIP), who discovered the fatal facts at the cost of her life. Smoke wolf packs delve into forest fres to forage or hunt for food. The fear of their prey seems as much a part of their sustenance as the meat itself, but they also track and hunt down the source of forest fres. Any fre caused by some cause outside of simple natural phenomena (metahuman stupidity is not a considered a natural phenomenon) is tracked down. Smoke wolves have entered urban and suburban areas in order to exact revenge on those who started these fres.**

**This is how I get caught up in all this. I was working research on Canadian geese migration following the Chicago and Detroit disasters. We were working in the woods along the north shore of Lake Superior. It was a solidly damp place, and no one on the team was following proper fre protocols.**

**That’s just my complaint—it wasn’t truly our fault a fre started, but you can’t explain to a pack of smoke wolves that your research camp was attacked by a gaggle of corpsec who thought you were there spying on their employer’s latest genefsh farm.**

**We’ve got a couple fres going, well-controlled and easy to manage, and these corp fragbrains pop six stun grenades into our camp. No fame, but a little fash and enough pure force to launch hot embers a hundred yards into the dark. We were a tad stunned, but we still chased off the corpers.**

**Problem is, as we’re packing gear to clear out of the area and avoid any other corporate entanglements, we spot the smoke. Rigger shoots a drone up and has at least six source fres.**

**I truly hate to be that guy and nearly cranked myself out summoning a big water spirit to put out as much as she could. First off, as I said, it wasn’t enough. Second off, she came across the pack and with a little spiritual empathic connection, she gave them the rundown. Their best astral connection is me, so they let her fnish toiling and then tailed her back.**

**The frst wolf that showed and came my way wasn’t enough to bring me down, but it was too close for comfort. Another pair went after Ridgley, our rigger, and Wall, our street sam, and they did better holding their own. The pack backed off, but it wasn’t the end.**

**We got back with our geese research and give Miss Johnson, who we now identifed as Glynda Raincastle, the rundown. After that, she started acting all sketchy and skittish. She paid what was owed and we went on our way, but two days later I heard she was paying top nuyen for intel on me. I did nothing worth a sellout and have no clue why, but then Ridgley and Wall reached out to me. They’d heard the same thing. I was already half a world away on my next expedition, so I didn’t care, but I kept the comms open for anything coming from St. Louis, where we were started the job.**

**Before I got news on that, Ridgley shot me a data drop from a pal he had with Wolverine, the corp responsible for the goons we bumped into on the goose run. This is where the smoke wolves went all spirit-of-vengeance style. This pal told Ridgley about some quad of drekheads working as the corpsec night crew on the night we were attacked. Turns out, one night they put in a report about chasing off some runners and were talking trash (likely referring to us even though that wasn’t how it went), and the next night none of them showed for their shift. This pal is an internal investigator, and while the other crews on staff are talking some kind of payoff or mass AWOL event, he’s got the pics and char analysis tests showing all four of their deaths by fre and the memo from on high to just cover it up and transfer in some fresh meat.**

**All the work of the smoke wolves.**

**But that’s not the end. I was looking over my shoulder and news hit me that the intel money wasn’t on the table anymore. Not because it was collected or dropped, but because the bankroll behind it got burnt up in a house fre at her condo. Miss Raincastle got tracked down by the wolves and scorched. I’m not sure how, but it probably had to do with Ridgley and Wall leading them down that path. That pair got scorched the night before. Streets said it was hellhounds, but I know better. The smoke wolves came that far to make a statement on starting forest fres.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [213 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [213 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [213 x 172] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [213 x 172] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [424 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**lel regions, primarily those with particularly high mana levels. Whether this species is a natural means to keep mana levels in check and balanced as compared to other regions is unclear. What is clear is that all forms of mana manipulation performed within the sphere of infuence of the damper bunny are dulled, sometimes to the point of complete neutralization. On the astral plane, the space around a damper bunny looks hazy and dark, with the bunny’s own life aura staying dim, despite the fact that they are dual natured.**

**Watch your hoop messing with anything incendiary in the woods these days. Nature ain’t playing fair.**
