---
id: WL-0279
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Matrix Hare - (Lepus technus)
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Matrix Hare**

## **(Lepus technus)**

**If the Awakening taught us anything, it was that life would fnd a way. We can at least now apply what we learned from there to maybe not take repeated smacks to the face by Emergence events. The Matrix hare could be a very early opportunity to get ahead of something very interesting.**

**Animal stuff frst. The Matrix hare is an Emergent species of the arctic hare. Not much different in overall size, but they have silver rather than white fur, and their ears look like they have a circuit-board pattern in the veins. Those ears are also rather long for a cold-weather species. They have longer-than-typical teeth and claws, with a quite unique technovenom in their saliva, which they can project up to twenty meters. Their venom carries a nanobot delivery system that can affect technological devices with noise and slow degradation of systems, while the biological agent is a close relative of belladonna. Both can act simultaneously if different surfaces are landed on.**

**Now for the new tech! The Matrix hare is not a technomancer bunny. While they have a connection to the Resonance, they do not manipulate it in the way other species do. My research partner here was none other than the renowned Netcat, who made sure the test subjects were treated well.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [23 x 248] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [594 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [68 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [67 x 62] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**combine a little belladonna with a sud-**

**den opening to a new and unique world, and just about any idiot with the right simgear (including me) is going to fall for a cool trip to “Wonderland,” while our bodies start to freeze.**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [68 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Remember those teeth and claws? Yup, meat. Remember the need for simgear? Yup, metahuman meat.**

**==> picture [67 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [68 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Cute and cuddly, but looking to kill you.**

- **Groups have been moving close to the edges of suburban and urban sprawls to start increasing their prey numbers.**

- **> Ecotope**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [68 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **I didn’t finish this bit before the study, but Matrix hares are making it into pet shops. Wireless access allows them to connect over greater distances, and they’re becoming quite the problem for disenfranchised corp kids going missing.**

- **Netcat**

**==> picture [67 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [67 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [68 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**
