---
id: WL-0288
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Vampire Penguin - (Pygoscelis hematos)
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Vampire Penguin**

## **(Pygoscelis hematos)**

**How does a genius gnome parabiologist get nearly killed by penguins? Well, that’s a funny story.**

**First off, let me tell you about this paraspecies of the adorable Adélie penguin. Rather than the well-known black-and-white coloration of those little guys, the vampire penguin is almost entirely black, with the only color coming from a collar of crimson around their neck, crimson around their eyes, and blood-red beak and feet. They’re the same size and often join groups of their mundane cousins when huddling for warmth. Their eyes are a disturbing shade of silvery-blue that almost makes you feel like they’re blind. To the contrary, though, the eyes offer spectacular vision at night and in the dark waters of the Antarctic.**

**As their name implies, the primary sustenance of these penguins is blood, though they are not in any way, shape, or form Infected with HMHVV. They don’t feed on the life force of a being, just literally their blood. This is accomplished by the presence of a mild anesthetic and anticoagulant produced by a gland in their beak. Which leads me to my near-death experience.**

**I was doing independent research on this species with a small team of doctorate students. We set up a small camp near a major huddle point for a fock of Adèlie penguins, which we knew contained a cluster of vampire penguins. We were several weeks into our observation, and in the middle of the night I wake up surrounded by a dozen of the little buggers, each with its beak buried in some bit of my exposed fesh. I jerk awake, and they all stand up straight, turn in almost unison to stare at me with those creepy blue eyes, and then quickly**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**turn to waddle/scurry out the small hole that had been torn in my tent.**

**Turns out one of my research students cut the small hole to do some independent research of their own on vampire penguin predation habits. It was a genuine attempt to feed me to them, because they were angry I was giving more attention to another of the students. In the long run, I wasn’t angry, as the student in question had been in denial of their slowly emerging technomancer abilities and was a little delirious from the isolation we were in. I still killed the little fragger, but I wasn’t mad at him.**

**Our overall research went well, with great documentation of pack-hunting techniques used by the vampire penguins to corner or herd larger prey, marine and terrestrial, in order for them to feed as a group. As proven on me, they will also locate sleeping prey and feed as a group.**
