---
id: WL-0235
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: ResonAnts - (Dorylus technus)
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **ResonAnts**

## **(Dorylus technus)**

**They really should be called noiseants but their regular name is a better play on words. This Emerged ant species creates a larger and larger area of noise the greater their numbers that are in contact with one another. If you’ve ever seen an ant line or ant ball on a food source you can understand how large these numbers can become. To add to the threat, near a hive you get a constant**



**fuctuation in the noise level. One moment it’s all scrubbed easily and the next your entire AR feed is a pixelated mess and suddenly you feel like you’re living in a video game.**

**This particular species is high on the want list for megacorp black sites that want some well-hidden electronic countermeasures. They’ve also been included in studies (a.k.a. torture) of technomancers and found the resonants can do one hell of a job of fragging with a TM’s connection. Not to mention how creepy it is to have thousands of ants crawling all over you.**

**The standard resonant looks similar to a driver ant but has several additional antenna—four on each of its individual body segments. These are obviously part of the ability, and I have done tests with samples where the antenna have been removed. Data showed a signifcant decrease in the potency of the noise. These less-effective members were also turned on by their kin, separated into their individual body segments, and brought down into the nest to be food for future generations.**

**Their nests are built unlike most other ant species. Rather than completely tunnel underground, they also burrow up through trees within the savanna and construct small tunnels along the walls of structures in urban areas within their domain. This is what brought them to the attention of researchers as they covered walls and several trees around an Evo compound, and the facility kept losing contact except through their satellite uplink.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
resonants<br>B A R S W L I C EDG R ESS<br>1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 3 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>1 3/1 A1/I2 1 1/2/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Close Combat 1, Outdoors 2, Perception 4 Powers: Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision) Weaknesses: Fragile 8**
