---
id: WL-0187
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Blink Sloth - (Bradypus hermes)
page: 93
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Blink Sloth**

## **(Bradypus hermes)**

**Speed and sloth are not linked in the minds of most, but anyone who has ever encountered a blink sloth in the wild surely has a different perspective on the creatures. Normally a toxic species with drastically different abilities from their progenitor looks different, but blink sloths are nearly identical to their normal relatives with the exceptions of sharp teeth and slightly longer claws. Those two characteristics are usually only noticed after it’s too late.**

**Let me clear up a quick misconception on sloths: size. Sloths are small, even from my viewpoint. The largest of the species are less than a meter and only weigh eight kilos. The blink sloth actually Awakened from the smaller three-toed variety and is usually only a half meter and three or four kilos. The scary part about them is their speed, the sharpness of their claws, and the damage the combination of the two can do. Early researchers actually thought studying the blink sloth would lead to the secret of teleportation magic. It wasn’t to be, and they instead found the blink sloth combining a momentary adaptive coloration ability with an enhanced movement ability and a lightning-fast attack. The collection of powers allowed the blink sloth to appear as if it disappeared and reappeared at a new location, usually with its claws buried in its prey. It has also been known to strike and retreat in a blink if trying to frighten a potential threat.**

**This predatory nature is new to this sloth species, as their progenitors are primarily herbivores. They are usually very specifc herbivores as well, but the blink sloth doesn’t eat any of the same leaves. They live in the same trees and often hide near their mundane kin, even though sloths in general are not social creatures.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 414] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [137 x 104] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [123 x 31] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// BLINK SLOTH //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**I got my blink sloth scar on my lower back, and it cost me a kidney. I was trekking through southern Aztlan gathering data on jaguar populations after the Az-Am war when I stopped for a quick meal break. I was suffering through something claiming to be tuna casserole when I got a shooting pain in my lower back. I spun and there was nothing behind me or anywhere close to me. I opened myself to the astral and scanned for something hiding or invisible, and a good ten meters away was a sloth, dangling from a shaking branch with one clawed hand off the tree and covered in something dark and wet. I sensed the magic in it, and as it fashed at me again, I managed to dive to the side. Without something to catch on, the thing goes tumbling into the underbrush. Birds few out, critters scattered, and then, fash, the thing zipped back to where it started.**

**==> picture [19 x 351] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I realized what I was dealing with and gathered up my stuff to move along. I barely tended to my injury, and by the time I got to it I was already pissing blood. A medkit hookup told me the kidney was toast, and I called in my extraction way outside of the expected parameters. Cost a pretty nuyen, but I got patched, and now I have a good story about a very interesting creature.**
