---
id: WL-0262
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Nova Scorpion - (Scorpionida novalis)
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Nova Scorpion**

## **(Scorpionida novalis)**

**Why must I always fnd a way to taste shoe leather? I’m talking about my ever-cautious tales on scorpions and how bigger is better because they aren’t as venomous, but I always remind students of the nova scorpion and its progenitor, the Indian red scorpion, a tiny and sometimes lethal accident. Then I go and spend some time doing research on the gamma spider, the nova scorpion’s primary resource competitor, and end up getting jabbed by one of these beasts.**

**At over a meter, these scorpions are one of the largest arachnids on the planet. Their golden carapace and massive size make them both beautiful and deadly. Though their deadliness usually requires a foolish mistake or unfortunate misstep, as a nova scorpion in the wild will usually retreat rather than attack. This tactic sometimes works to their advantage, as they often live in small social groups of two to ten individuals and will share the same burrow, which is where they retreat to in most cases. Their venom is lethal, so a single sting can be deadly, while a half-dozen could kill an elephant. Anyone foolish enough to pursue down into that den is going to end up as scorpion chow.**

**I reported before that this species was not suited for security work unless the facility has minimal metahuman workers. Drone-based factories or remote facilities with controlled entrances are fne, and since the nova scorpion is a bit timid, they are easily chased back to their burrows by security forces that control access to them.**

**Runners come across the nova scorpion most often when hired for live captures, as the creature’s venom is often milked. These instances are the times where you would learn how unpleasant getting in a scuffe with one of these monsters**

**is. Stinger or claws both fall frmly into the “bad touch” category.**

**I was lucky. The scorpion that jabbed me was off its game and didn’t manage to punch through my armor, but the hit still fattened me. It was like getting hit with a baseball bat. Better than getting poisoned but not pleasant. I was so focused on a gamma spider I missed the nova scorpion also stalking the same target. It came across me frst, and I was quite lucky that it knocked me out of the way and then went after the spider.**

**I booked it, but I was reminded of an important lesson: No matter how focused you are on a subject, you still have to remember you’re out in the wild, and nature in the Sixth World doesn’t play nice.**
