---
id: WL-0347
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Incubus (Mature)
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Incubus (Mature)**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS M<br>10 5 5 10 5 4 5 3 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>10 10/1 A1, I2 13 5/8/+2<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**In its amorphous form, the protean is a mass of cells weighing as little as half a kilo and as much as 125 kilograms. It hunts by concealing or disguising itself, luring its prey into range, and then engulfng it and destroying it with some form of secretions. If needed, a protean can form stubby tentacles that can act as simple clubs. Proteans can assume the outward form of any creature they have engulfed and absorbed. Due to its base as an Awakened amoeba, there is very little that can permanently kill a protean.**

**Skills: Athletics 6 (Climbing +2), Close Combat 6, Perception 6, Outdoors 5, Stealth 7**

**Quality: Long Reach**

**Powers: Adaptive Coloration, Desire Refection, Enhanced Senses (LowLight Vision, Vision Enhancement), Natural Weapon (Bite/Tentacles) Weakness: Allergy (Sunlight, Mild)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 5P, 15/—/—/—/—] Tentacles [Close Combat, DV 5P, 15/—/—/—/—]**

**Note: When making an Opposed test against Desire Refection, Edge cannot be used.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Because of this resilience, there is more variety in a protean than in many other critters. A protean that is near a corrupted magical area will become altered, but it will not die. The same holds for other things such as toxic chemicals, pollutants, or just about anything a protean can absorb. Normal proteans will maintain a clear or translucent form, but once they change, the color of their appearance will provide clues to what they have absorbed. For example, a protean that has absorbed corrupted magic may have a faint glow, while a toxic-type protean could be dark or even opaque.**
