---
id: WL-0101
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Tibetan Luck Fox - (Vulpes karmus)
page: 47
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Tibetan Luck Fox**

## **(Vulpes karmus)**

**The beautiful Himalayas. So many austere peaks and places for metahumanity to challenge nature to a contest of physical endurance. Until you pop your head up over a ledge and see, looking straight at you with its head cocked and curiosity in its eyes, an adorable big-eared fox. A fox that might be on the verge of fragging your life forever.**

**While it doesn’t look terribly different than a Tibetan sand fox, the luck fox can be both a bane and a boon. By whatever whim guides it, the cute little creature decides whether to pull your luck or protect your hoop. Generally referred to as the powers of Accident and Guard, the luck fox applies these at the edge of life. The only way to tell whether you’ve come across a sand fox or a luck fox is the eyes. The luck fox has a twinkling glimmer that is always present no matter the surrounding lighting.**

**Many a climber, including myself, have seen that head cock left and felt the rocks beneath our fngers and around our safety pitons crumble. I got mojo and managed to halt my expedited descent, but I’m in the minority.**

**On the other side, I have seen climbers start bounding and swinging across spots they should not even be climbing with a luck fox leaping and climbing along behind them.**

**At least three runner teams I know have headed up into the mountains to catch one for a rich exec who wanted a quirky toy in his menagerie. At least one lost enough chummers to cut and run. Another managed to snag one, and I’m pretty sure it went to Damien Knight. The last team I lost track of, as my research stint was done, but they were a fun distraction while waiting for samples to come back from DNA analysis.**
