---
id: WL-0144
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Wisp Spider - Posted by: Graham'
page: 68
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Wisp Spider**

## **Posted by: Graham**

- **Got a new one here for you that few people have seen, so I invited one of those few to share information.**

**> Glitch**

**One of the common themes in new critter discoveries is myths and legends of the Fifth World brought to life. Sometimes the translation is pretty pure, like with nagas; other times, it comes with a twist (sometimes a nasty twist), like the tooth fairies.**

**The wisp spider is a nasty twist.**

**Stories have long told of glowing lights in the woods leading unwary travelers astray. Often, these stories have been associated with frefies or other phosphorescent creatures, though if any of those animals led a traveler astray, it generally was by complete accident.**

**That is not the case with the wisp spider. The wisp spider exists to lead unwary animals and**



**travelers astray. Specifcally, to its web, where it will wrap and consume them.**

**Its basic strategy is simple, even primitive. It glows at night, and insects and small animals attracted by light come to it.**

**This was effective for the early wisp spiders, as the moths and gnats it attracted kept it adequately fed. Unfortunately, as they ate and basked in the mana of the Sixth World, they grew larger, which meant they needed larger food. Food that would not be attracted to a stationary light.**

**A moving light is a whole different ball game. All sorts of creatures are interested in that light, especially if they’re not certain where they’re going. Who isn’t attracted to a light in the dark when you’re lost?**

**While the wisp spider hasn’t shown signs of sentience, it has learned hunting patterns. Once it knows interesting prey is nearby (usually targeted by its keen sense of smell), it starts wandering around, turning its light on and off, keeping the prey interested or confused. With any luck, the wisp spider will lead the prey into a thick web, where it can easily be wrapped up and devoured. And forget about hoping it will wrap you up but leave you sleeping or anything—once you’re wrapped, you get hit with venom, and your insides start turning to goo. You’re not surviving for long.**

**This brings up an important additional point: The wisp spider is quite venomous. You do** _**not**_ **want to be bitten by one of these. Even a larger person like a troll or ork might lose a limb from one of these bites, and smaller metahuman might die from a single bite if they don’t get some anti-venom.**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

- **Can you harvest venom from one of these to use on some poor sap? Yes. Are there easier ways to get poisonous substances? Also yes.**

- **G-Nome**

- **Remember that the light of the wisp spider is magical in nature, rather than firefly-like phosphorescence. This means there are explorations to be made in the use of wisp spider venom as a reagent.**

- **Elijah**

**Wisp spiders have bodies that are up to half a meter long, while their legs can cover a span of over a meter. They weigh up to a kilogram, meaning they aren’t going to bowl you over with their weight.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|             |      |        |     |           |     |     |     |     |     |
| ----------- | ---- | ------ | --- | --------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| wisp spider |      |        |     |           |     |     |     |     |     |
| B           | A    | R      | S   | W         | L   | I   | C   | ESS | M   |
| 2           | 4    | 5      | 2   | 3         | 1   | 4   | 1   | 6   | 4   |
| DR          | I/ID | AC     | CM  | MOVE      |     |     |     |     |     |
| 6           | 9/1  | A1, I2 | 10  | 10/15/+10 |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 5 (Climbing +2), Close Combat 3, Outdoors 5, Perception 4, Stealth 5**

**Powers: Armor 4, Enhanced Senses (Smell), Innate Spell (Light), Natural Weapon (Bite), Venom**

**Venom: Vector: Injection; Speed: 1 combat round; Power: Magic; Efect: Poisoned 6P**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 1P, 7/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 303] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**
