---
id: WL-0117
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Damper Bunny - (Lepus unarcana)
page: 54
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Damper Bunny**

## **(Lepus unarcana)**

**Ever seen that super villain with the adorable pet that just sits in their lap and gets stroked? These things are built for that gig—and to serve a purpose at the same time.**

**First off, the damper bunny isn’t limited to a single species of rabbit. Damper bunnies come in all shapes and sizes of the Leporidae family. Their Awakening seems to have occurred across paral-**

**You’re welcome for that.**



**==> picture [526 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [161 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [97 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 731] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I was sitting and observing a warren that was known to possess a small pod of damper bunnies. This particular warren had at least two dozen logged access points, and I only had ten remote cameras for the project. That left plenty going unmonitored— even if I got them all, which I doubted. Around 0200, I got this really strange feeling. I’ve been in ebbs before, and I know exactly what they feel like, and this was defnitely stronger than an ebb. I draw my trusty pistol and start looking around to fnd several sets of beady little grey eyes staring at me. There was a moment I could tell they were trying to fgure out if they could take me. I watched several posturing and testing behaviors, and the more I watched and didn’t react, the bolder they became. As I reached the point I knew they were going to attack because they assessed me as prey, I shot one of them clean in the face. Slivergun versus bunny is not pretty.**

**==> picture [161 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Damper bunny tastes just as good as regular rabbit when roasted over a coal pit with a little salt and pepper.**

**The biggest problems with these guys are the corporations and government installations that are trying to simplify their arcane security by getting pet bunnies all over and no magic anywhere. I’d say it’s crazy, but it’s damn effective. All they need is a little extra rabbit breeding and a small cultural shift. It’s pretty easy to convince people that a cute little bunny makes a great pet, especially when it comes with special perks and benefts.**

**==> picture [161 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**For runners on the lookout for a payday, you can just head in and grab a few. They aren’t hard to capture, but the magic types on your team will feel funny around them, and some get a little off in the head when they’re too close. Occasionally, this is so bad it gets to the point of the mage offng the rabbit or fipping their ever-loving drek on their teammates.**

**==> picture [287 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// DAMPER BUNNY //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Lastly, and this one is odd and recent, some group called the Asintmah Alliance has been paying top dollar to get these furry little mana suckers. Not a lot on this newer pack of lugnuts, but if they’re collecting mana-dampening rabbits, it can’t be good.**

**==> picture [211 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
damper bunny<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>1 6 4 1 3 2 7 5 1 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>1 11/2 A1/I3 4 5/30/+2<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Athletics 4, Close Combat 1, Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 2**

**Powers: Arcane Dampening, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Hearing) Weaknesses: Fragile 5**

**==> picture [176 x 110] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
