---
id: WL-0145
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: G-Nome'
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: G-Nome**

**The swamps, marshes, and other wetlands of the Sixth World can be a dangerous place** . **This** type of biome is located all around the world and covers a variety of different temperature ranges and water salinity. The common element in the wetland ecosystem is heavily saturated soil or frequent fl ooding. Wetlands can be forested, strictly grasslands, or some combination of the two. Wetlands are one of the most biologically diverse areas of the planet, competing with jungles and forests.

The Okefenokee swamp is located on the border between Florida and Georgia in the CAS. Its forests consist of cypress trees, tupelo trees, oak, and longleaf pine. In addition, there are a number of carnivorous plants including a couple of varieties of pitcher plants. The swamp is home to alligators, afanc, and a large variety of birds, turtles, and snakes. There are even some bears and piasma in the drier parts of the swamp.

There are a large number of different types of wetlands in the Sixth World. These areas carry a range of names, some of which are regional and others that denote specifi c qualities that make them distinct. Swamps are typically forested wetland located in tropical or subtropical regions. Swamps can be freshwater, saltwater, or brackish, and water levels fl uctuate but rarely completely dry up. Marshes frequently are found near waterways and are noted by their lack of trees, containing grasses and low shrubs. Marshlands are classifi ed based on whether they are saltwater, freshwater, or tidal. Beyond swamps and marshes, there are fens, bogs, muskeg, sloughs, and many other regional areas.

Wetlands ecosystems are fragile. Leave it to metahumanity to dump all sorts of drek in the waterways. The resulting effect on the environment would normally result in mass extinction in our world’s marshlands. But with the Awakening, this has instead resulted in creatures that have rapidly adapted to the toxic habitat. The wetlands are a vital part of our ecology. Much research has been done to fi nd new cures for diseases and advance metahumanity. This advancement continues to be exploited by corporations, and yet they still poison the very environment they seek to profi t from. If only they would put their effort into cleaning up the waterways instead of dumping chemical byproducts.

Some swamps around the world include the Okefenokee swamp in Georgia, the Caribbean Lowlands in southern Aztlan, the Burraga swamp in New South Wales, and the Myristica swamps of
