---
id: WL-0077
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: // FIREWORM //
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **// FIREWORM //**

**was more inadvertent than intentional, but their apparent purpose was feeding and breeding, and the process was extending the time they had by stalling the eruption.**

**My discovery also meant my need to do further study if I wanted credit, so I stuck around for a bit longer. As the freworm feeds off minerals and matter in the volcanic environment and its body creates biological energy through a thermal equivalent of photosynthesis, it leaves tunnels and tubes off of magma pockets and lava fows. This pressure decrease slows the processes that lead to eruption, prolonging their stay in a region and making predictions and warnings for pending eruptions diffcult. I’ve provided several signs of their presence and activities and have offered a clue on eruption timing connected to their departure. If a volcanic region becomes unstable or eruptive, the freworms depart. As none travel the surface, my inferences on their migration are speculative based on tunneling that leads downward and shows they**

**==> picture [36 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**travel via the deep subsurface volcanic fows or even (this would be an amazing discovery) via subcrustal magma.**

**Needless to say, my research has not been solely kept within the scientifc community and, as usual, I have been the target of a datatheft. Since this event several governments and corps are using my initial research to determine if the freworm has potential for countering arcane and metaplanar infuences over volcanic activity.**

**Alongside this research, the normal collection and bounty contracts have arisen, and I will add a few more tidbits as a warning for any seeking to collect. The mouth of the freworm is not the grinder of the rockworm, but rather long incisor-like plates that shove material back into the throat of the creature after it has been properly warmed (meaning melted) by the ring of their oral cavity that maintains a healthy 1,200 Celsius temperature. This makes them diffcult to hold in captivity but not impossible.**


## **fireworm**

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>3 2 2 3 2 1 2 2 1 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>3 4/1 A1/I2 10 5/10/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Close Combat 3, Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 2 Powers: Dual Natured, Elemental Attack (Fire), Enhanced Senses, Immunity (Fire), Natural Weapon Weaknesses: Vulnerability (Cold)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 6P(Fire), 10/—/—/—/—]**
