---
id: WL-0105
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Troglodyte - (Pan speluncae)
page: 48
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Troglodyte**

## **(Pan speluncae)**

**It’s hard to admit I was nearly killed by these simple creatures, but meat is meat in the subterranean world of the troglodyte. I wasn’t alone in this one. A small research team and I headed into a cave system in Oceti Sakowin. We were there under a government contract to study a tribe of troglodytes that had been causing problems for a local facility, fnding ways in and stealing anything they could. Several of the pilfered pieces were quite valuable, and the government university thought maybe this was something a little more direct—possibly an entity infuencing the tribe or a leadership caste developing in this tribe of troglodytes that was changing their hunting pattern similar to the Turret tribe I have researched in the past.**

**Being on a team is benefcial in many ways, but in nature when you are the smallest and frailest of the pack, you become the target. While the early assaults and traps were set by the mundane troglodytes, they had no idea I was skilled in magic. My continued survival seemed to be attributed to luck or the protection of those around me.**

**This led to the pit.**

**I was in the lead looking for signs well before anyone else, and I missed a slide trap hidden with crushed brick and some leaves. It was quite ornate, and I only treaded on it in order to get a better angle on a few glyphs. An uncomfortable tumble down the rock put me in a small chamber with two of the biggest motherfragging troglodytes I had ever seen. Both had large clubs in hand and were looking at me with anticipation. When they didn’t immediately pounce, I took a breath and tried to use my rudimentary knowledge of their language (exponential opportunity for a frag up). I did a quick intro.**

**They said, “Ducktar?” And I was led to a troglodyte that was suffering from radiation poisoning. Not my specialty, but I’d seen it plenty of times in my research. I did the only two things I could do: I slapped the patient with a couple heavy tranq patches, then I began investigating the cause. She was not**

**an isolated case. It had happened increasingly since the local facility had opened, and I spotted signs that it was orally accessed from food or water.**

**Quick determination that the facility that hired us was releasing radiation into the water. The troglodytes had the same assessment and were just trying to take enough parts to make it stop.**

**Noble and simple.**

**I had the data I needed and reported my fndings to my employer. They offhandedly mentioned an extermination contract knowing full well it wasn’t what we do. I refused with a chuckle while at the same time renting transport down to Turret.**

**I got to the tribe there, convinced the leaders to send a few representatives, and brought them back up to the Seven Council Fires site.**

**Leaving them to their own devices, they worked together to identify the source and best way to stop it directly.**

- **Are you telling me you instigated the Jay Em massacre?**

- **Icarus**

- **I simply aligned a pair of burgeoning tribes to utilize and share their strengths to solve a problem. The fact that they solved it with extreme violence was not my intention. They also disassembled the system that was polluting their groundwater and now have expanded their territory.**

- **G-Nome**

**==> picture [210 x 64] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
troglodyte<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>3 3 4 2 3 2 3 2 1 2 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>3 7/1 A1/I2 10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 3, Close Combat 4, Con 2, Infuence 2, Outdoors 3, Perception 4, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Enhanced Senses (Thermographic), Sapience**

**==> picture [211 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**
