---
id: WL-0353
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: (Culex humano)
page: 172
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **(Culex humano)**

**Weakness: Vulnerability (Fire)**

**Weapons:**

**Tooth fairies are common, Awakened, and slightly evolved mosquitoes that live in most parts of the world. Only ten centimeters in height and weighing no more than 200 grams, they appear as a four-armed elongated humanoid with wings.**

**Engulf [Close Combat, DV 5P + Irradiated, 8/—/—/—/—] Tentacle [Close Combat, DV 2S, 7/—/—/—/—]**

**Notes: Proteans come in larger sizes. To represent this a gamemaster may add between +1 and +10 to its Body and Strength as desired. Due to its unique physiology when a protean is immobile, a perception threshold of 6 is required to notice it.**

**==> picture [176 x 32] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>




**==> picture [176 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 431] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Tooth fairies’ wings appear and operate just like a mundane mosquito but are larger to maintain fight. Their “skin” is an exoskeleton that is leather-like and ranges in color from dark green to light blue. In their life span, they will shed their exoskeleton four times. This can be very disturbing to children when they fnd shells of tooth fairies all over the city park or their street.**

**Tooth fairies retain the eyes of a mosquito, but their complexion diverges from mosquitoes in that the exoskeleton on their heads is pointy on the side and front of the head’s exoskeleton, giving the illusion of ears and a large nose. The large nose is in fact the feeder tube. On the top of their heads, they have multiple black fuzzy antennae that look similar to hair.**

**==> picture [140 x 180] intentionally omitted \<==**

**They reside in extended groups of 20 to 120, with a social structure similar to chimpanzees that allows them to occasionally splinter into smaller replaceable groups that may come back together if needed. When swarming in great numbers, tooth fairies are capable of overwhelming a metahuman and consuming them in one to two minutes. When attacking live prey, they seem to covet and treasure a victim’s teeth and will eat their prey until only the teeth remain. If the teeth are sharp, these critters will use the teeth to create tiny weapons. For larger or fat teeth, they fnd a harder object and grind down the tooth and turn them into armor plates, which they stick to their exoskeleton.**
