---
id: WL-0061
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Miniwashitu
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Miniwashitu**

**There is a cryptid called miniwashitu (** _**Bison cyclopsis**_ **) that was said to be the water monster of the Missouri River. The creature that we call the miniwashitu is not that cryptid and only shares some of the physical descriptions. The animal resembles an armored bison and ranges the prairies of northern Missouri. And while the creature is related to the bison, it’s carnivorous and should be avoided at all costs.**

**The animal is similar in size to the bison weighing 1,100 kilograms, two meters to the shoulder, and fve meters long. Normally, while hunting, the miniwashitu hides in the tall grasses with its green-and-brown shaggy coat. While attacking, its coat shifts from green to bright red. A ridge of**

**ambush their prey combined with a relatively large dice pool for bite attacks make them serious glass cannons. Their engulf power can also be dangerous, but it is less likely to successfully hit than a close-combat attack. An individual ground wolf poses little threat to an armed metahuman and is much more likely to fee into the ground than attack. A larger family unit of ground wolves attacking as a pack, however, can pose a serious threat to a team of runners.**

**Ground wolves can also be used as a passive security measure, provided that the facility next to their den is made of solid materials and contains no tasty cows to draw the ground wolves in. While it might be possible to train the critters as guard animals, just having them live nearby creates a hazard for anyone attempting to skulk around or sneak in.**
