---
id: WL-0232
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Metaplanar Meerkat
page: 113
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Metaplanar Meerkat**

**(Suricata suricatta planarus)**

**These adorable little guys are Trouble. Yes, that’s a capital T. Their Awakened ability ranges from a nuisance to straight-up deadly depending on how it’s used. They have the ability to open metaplanar gateways but do not appear to have any control over their destination. Instead of leading somewhere specifc, they instead open to completely random metaplanar locations. Along with that, the larger the number of them that are gathered together, the larger the gateway. The fact that they are extremely similar in appearance and they live among their mundane kin makes this a wildly erratic danger. The two physical discrepancies between them are their ears and their belly fur. The ears of the metaplanar meerkat are larger, and their belly fur has a blend of iridescence within it.**

**A particularly large mob of meerkats north of Joburg has a large pod of their Awakened kin and has been wreaking havoc on the roads and rail lines with opened portals displacing dirt. The truly unlucky are present when the event occurs and fnd themselves slipped between metaplanes along with several tons of displaced earth.**

**In some misplaced thinking on the working of magic, I was hired by a small eco-protection racket in Azania. They had a herd of elephants, with a pair of bullyphants in the mix, that they knew would be passing through the territory of this particular mob, and they wanted them protected. I was able to do some good by detecting the presence of the metaplanar meerkats and using an illusion to redirect most of the elephant herd. A single cow at the outskirts was unlucky, as was I. A gate opened and created a crater into which my Land Rover fell, followed by several tons of elephant on top of me.**

**That tonnage evaporated quickly as the meerkats and their Awakened kin poured out and began to devour the cow. The sounds of her pain haunt my dreams to this day. Between the agony of the broken body parts and the death by a thousand bites, it was not a day I recall fondly.**


## **metaplanar meerkat**

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>1 5 4 1 2 2 5 2 1 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>1 9/1 A1/I2 5 5/10/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 2, Outdoors 3, Perception 4 Powers: Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision), Metaplanar Gateway, Natural Weapon Weaknesses: Fragile 4 Weapons: Bite [Close Combat, DV 1P, 4/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [211 x 79] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 7] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [35 x 727] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [238 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 33] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [517 x 334] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// OZIAN BABOON //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**sound, the shots scared off the troop, and I limped my way back to my transport, all the while waiting for the leopard that started it all to pounce.**
