---
id: WL-0049
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Demon Duck
page: 26
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Demon Duck**

**Unlike the terror bird, the mihirun (or demon duck,** _**Genyornis australis**_ **) is a naturally occurring bird in Australia. Just like the terror bird, it is large, powerful, and terrifying. While it’s a herbivore, the territorial nature of the bird puts it on par with**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**The hellcow will eat anything. They use a combination of sharp teeth and acidic saliva to break down their food, which includes grass, wood, metal, cows, and just about anything else that gets near its mouth. This has led to some diffculties in breeding—not that you would want to breed this creature, as the mother is completely willing to eat its offspring and vice versa. In fact, this creature is considered so detrimental to the environment that the Corporate Court has outlawed the sale of or shipment of any cow that expresses itself as a hellcow. The only regulated pasture with hellcow is maintained by India, as they consider the beast as a divine omen from Lord Krisha.**

- **There was a run a while back to get a couple head of hellcow for a discerning buyer. The team opted to fly to India to try to steal a few. How hard can it be? Turns out when it is a governmentsecured pasture that is focused on keeping the animals in, that getting out with one is damn near impossible. And if you were wondering, they made it out—but without the cow.**

- **Kia**
