---
id: WL-0264
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Rock Lizard - (Phrynosoma caliburni)
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Rock Lizard**

## **(Phrynosoma caliburni)**

**Sometimes people ask me how I manage to get nearly killed by things that normally don’t attack large prey. Rock lizards are one of my best examples, and it’s all because scientifc knowledge sometimes requires risks.**

**The rock lizard looks similar to a horned toad in its rough textured features but has a typical quadrupedal lizard form. The largest specimens can grow up to 1.5 meters, nose to tail, but they average closer to a meter. They are thinly framed, similar to smaller lizards, with camoufaging skin that can range from light tan through the range of browns all the way to a greyish-black for nighttime hiding. It is an expert climber with sharp claws on its feet, and it hunts with a prehensile tongue that is forked, similar to a snake.**

**As a hunter, the rock lizard uses camoufage and surprise to acquire prey, adjusting its color and sitting still while waiting for prey to come close. Once the target is near, the rock lizard attacks with its tongue, which is both sticky and covered in poisonous saliva. This poison incapacitates or kills the prey, and the rock lizard then swallows its food whole. This feeding style is the primary reason they don’t bother attacking anything larg-**



**er than they can swallow—there’s no point. They don’t have teeth or a jaw designed to take apart a larger body, so why would they make an effort to bring them down?**

**This is even true of the rare times groups of rock lizards hunt together. These are usually family groups, with a mix of older and younger lizards. They work together by herding prey toward the hiding spot of their allies. From their well-hidden vantage point, the hunters can strike out and bring down prey in larger numbers. The herding and hunting groups are a mix of sizes and ages in order for the hunters to bring down a range of different-size targets rather than bringing down one large target that only the largest among them could eat.**

**They are daytime hunters and fnd their way into burrows and dugouts during the cooler night. Their hunting method allows them to sit on rocks or the hot ground to absorb warmth. In my studies I have determined the rock lizard is immune to most toxins—not because of the extreme toxicity of their saliva, but rather due to an arcane internal resistance. This makes their blood and organs excellent reagents for health-based spells.**

**My near death came as a direct result of my own poor precautions when doing close-observation research. The risks we endure for science are generally mitigated by good planning, but I did not foresee rock lizards turning on another of their kind.**

**I was using a shapechange spell to integrate and get closer to the group. I was keeping to the**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**periphery of their area when their behaviors softened, and I felt I was being invited to approach. What was actually occurring was them sensing I was not one of them. I slipped in among them trying to observe as much as possible when one of them snapped at me.**

**Mask spells might help you blend in, but they don’t offer any kind of protection. Their ghostdamned venom slipped in, and I start convulsing. I drop the spell, but I’m still too big to eat. They leave me to die, but hopefully you all realize I’m not sending this from the grave. It was painful and mildly terrifying, but I managed to survive the poisoning and the rest of the desert’s horrors by summoning a spirit to help protect and move me.**

**==> picture [210 x 80] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|             |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ----------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| rock lizard |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B           | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 3           | 3    | 3     | 4   | 3        | 1   | 3   | 1   | 2   | 6   | 6   |
| DR          | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 5/15/+1     |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 3           | 6/1  | A1/I2 | 10  | (5/15/+2 |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| Climbing)   |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 3, Close Combat 5, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4 Powers: Immunity (Poisons), Natural Weapon (Bite), Wall-walking, Venom (Vector: Injection; Speed: 1 combat round; Power: Magic; Efect: Immobilized, Nauseated, Poisoned (Magic)P) Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 2P (plus venom), 7/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 285] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 224] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [86 x 204] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [536 x 91] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
POLAR REGIONS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [34 x 169] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Antarctic continent. Needless to say, this means anything that calls this place home is a hardy fragging breed.**
