---
id: WL-0114
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: G-Nome'
page: 51
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: G-Nome**

**untracked forest is arduous and requires care and attention to where you are walking. While ground** foliage is not so dense you need to hack through it, it is thick enough you can easily miss an uneven bit of ground and wrench an ankle.

**Covering about thirty percent of the world’s** landmass, there is a huge amount of biodiversity and a massive abundance of paracritters inhabiting the world’s forests. If you spend any time outside the metroplexes, you will more than likely wander your way into a forested area. This makes this particular habitat easy to relate to, but its global variety and the amount of crossover it has with other biomes is tremendous. The massive diversity in these regions globally, along with humanity’s efforts to arrange and adapt many forested areas to be more metahuman-friendly, means there is also a large amount of misconception about this particular biome.

The temperatures in a forest vary by the season and region, as does the precipitation, but all forests require an abundant supply of water in order to sustain the biomass of the biome. This rain is absorbed into soil, seeps down to aquifers, or runs off to streams, lakes, or ponds. The key point here focuses on the water remaining accessible, rather than evaporating or running off to someplace inaccessible.

The list of notable forests around the globe is too large to put here but they exist on every continent except Antarctica. Many metroplexes are built in the midst of forested regions as the wood and abundant water were used by the original settlers in the region to build structures and live. This also means you can regularly fi nd forested areas with patches that have been deforested in order to suit agricultural needs. Whenever any forested area is encountered or you are required to venture forth into one be sure to do some research in advance. Not just on what paracritters you may fi nd there but also on what the risks or obstacles the terrain is going to bring to bear (before you run into the Awakened bear).

Let’s put down a few basics. A forest is defi ned by an abundance of trees that create a thorough enough canopy that ground growth is less abundant and varies by canopy coverage and region. Without the intervention of metahumanity, the only phenomena that make clear paths through forests are streams or rivers, and those often meander so much they aren’t really direct. The clearly developed trails and tracks of any forest are solely the creation of metahumanity. While some forests may have “game trails,” any real tracker or hunter will tell you how diffi cult they are to spot with the untrained eye, and even those created by large game aren’t easily walkable. Transit through any
