---
id: WL-0332
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Fearmonger - (Monstrum cubiculum)
page: 167
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Fearmonger**

## **(Monstrum cubiculum)**

**Fearmongers live off negative metahuman emotions and will frequently be found in areas where emotions such as agitation, panic, dread, and fear are common. Others suggest that they are drawn to places where metahumans are particularly vulnerable or isolated—for example, dark alleyways, abandoned buildings, or remote areas. Some even believe they are attracted to places where there have been traumatic or frightening events in the past, such as sites of disasters or tragedies.**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**No matter the location, they are an elusive critter that is often rumored to exist before any confrmed sightings are documented. Fearmongers come in a bizarre variety of forms, with no two looking alike. They can appear as either male or female, though no one knows if they are hermaphrodite or gonochoric. They will usually be anthropomorphic, with both animal and human traits. A fearmonger’s fur can be light white, green, or brown. Any exposed skin is often pale. Their head will be noticeably larger than expected, especially when compared to their appendages and torso. Additionally, they have large, pointy ears and a metahumanoid nose that is elongated and pronounced. All of their faces have protruding cheekbones and bright red eyes. Their hair, which resembles porcupine quills, can be any color, and it juts out over their foreheads and extends the length of their backs. A fearmonger’s mouth is big and grotesque, barely concealing its rows of jagged yellow teeth, giving them a continual and frightening grin.**

**Their entire body is covered in fur from the neck down. They have human-like arms and big hands with sharp claws. Below their waist, their legs could be of any mammal that has hooves, and the legs are often smaller than expected.**

**Fearmongers like to adorn themselves with trophies from their favorite prey. These could be pieces of clothing, jewelry, or even items like a cane or umbrella. Some compare it to the way ferrets acquire trinkets, but others think the item has some kind of residual effect that allows the fearmonger to track someone, much like a bloodhound that knows a scent.**

**If that wasn’t enough, these creatures are carriers of HMHVV-II.**
