---
id: WL-0010
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Engineered
page: 11
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Engineered**

**Genetic engineering has advanced to the point where critters can be heavily customized—and in some cases, designed from scratch. Genetic augmentations can improve an existing critter’s natural capabilities, make them more biddable for trainers and handlers, and even provide them with new powers. There are even some labs that—with the assistance of specialized magicians—are capable of modifying or providing Awakened powers. This is fairly new and highly expensive but will only become more commonly employed as time goes on.**

**And then there’s the fragging dinosaurs. You probably won’t run into these anytime soon, but they’re out there. Megacorps have completely ignored Mr. Crichton’s cautionary tale and have been designing, growing, and even training and augmenting dinosaurs. Ares seems to be leading the charge on this, which fts their MO of dabbling in felds that are highly likely to cause massive carnage, but they seem to be trying to keep it secret. Well, the secret’s out now, and it’s only a matter of time before something interesting and messy happens.**

- **Dinosaurs! That’s AWESOME! Are they going to build a park? Can I pet one?**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Yeah, they even have a big brontosaurus you can slide down.**

- **> Moreau**

**> Really? > Slamm-0!**

**> No. > Moreau**


**tier than the non-toxic equivalent, and some are carriers of diseases like VITAS, but the real danger is their attitude. Mundane and Awakened critters alike will act according to their nature or training—they’re not likely to come after you unless they’re hungry, threatened, or are working for the man. Toxic critters are vicious things full of hatred—they’ll chase you down and kill you just because you’re there, and they are far less likely to be intimidated or chased off by minor injuries. If you might be going up against toxic critters, bring extra ammo and be prepared for things to get messy.**
