---
id: WL-0303
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: '> Ecotope'
page: 154
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **> Ecotope**

**Since then, concerted efforts have been made to study the gungir whale, which have lead to a signifcant understanding of the species. Gungirs live alongside mundane narwhals in the Arctic Ocean, and like their mundane cousins, they exhibit seasonal migration, spending summer months closer to the coasts and winter months in the deeper waters under pack ice. Narwhal pods can range from ten to a hundred animals, and gungir pods are typically a third of that size—ranging from four to roughly thirty. The confusion is that the two pods mix almost completely, as if it were in actuality one blended pod of two species. This is supported by the highly aggressive response female gungir whales have to any perceived threat to their calves. And yet, the mundane narwhals do not provoke any different response to that generated by the other gungir whales in the pod.**

**For decades, gungir whales were thought to be larger specimens of their mundane progenitor species, despite reports of a metallic glint to their tusks. I am ashamed to say that the majority of the marine biological community dismissed these reports, though in fairness the frst few decades after the Awakening were quite busy for a lot of people in my profession.**

**Like the narwhal, gungir whales prey predominantly on halibut, cod, cuttlefsh, shrimp, and squid. The gungir occasionally take on slightly larger specimens and some Awakened species that have proved too resilient for mundane narwhals, but by and large their diet is the same as that of narwhals.**

**It was only in 2067 that footage of an attack by a female gungir whale on a small fshing boat surfaced. This footage clearly showed the tusk of the whale punching straight through the boat’s hull.**

**The main difference between the two species, other than size, is the tusks of the gungir whales.**



**These tusks are laced with iron and titanium, making them exceptionally strong and durable. Though the gungir rarely use their tusks for attacks in that manner, their tusks are somehow related to their sonic attacks.**

**Gungir whales, like the narwhal, suck their prey into their mouths. However, some of the species that live in the arctic depths—such as the abrams lobster—are either too large for this method of feeding, or need to be stunned frst. Mundane narwhals sometimes slap fsh to stun them, thus making feeding easier. Gungir whales take things a step further—by actually having a sonic attack that they can use to stun the fsh at range. I’m sure it will surprise no-one that a sonic attack used in water is tremendously effective, often enabling the gungir to close with particularly dangerous prey, like the aforementioned abrams lobster. The metallic nature of the tusk then enables the gungir whale to close with and fnish off its prey with surprising ease.**
