---
id: WL-0250
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: (Iguana chimera)
page: 122
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **(Iguana chimera)**

**Many others have studied this rather large desert lizard. Its similarities to a wingless western dragon have made it an interesting subject. Many want to be the frst to make a connection despite**

**The females leave but maintain territory near and around the clutch. They don’t care for or nurture the eggs, but they feed on potential predators and scavengers that come after them. They also**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**attack researchers who try to study the clutch.**

**Anyone attempting to engage with a chimera should note two other biological points. First, they’re venomous. Even though something so large does not need the venom, it makes the hunt easier. Second, they’re allergic to iron. It’s a serious issue, and it messes them up something ferce.**

**I wanted info on everything, so I set myself up to check out a breeding location. The male battles were loud and violent. Copulation was rough and brief, followed by some violent snapping and the females heading off. None of it was something one couldn’t see on an Evo “This is the World” production. Trailing a female, I observed her efforts to dig and set up her clutch nest. She laid six eggs, buried them with a thin layer of sand, and then piled rocks on. The smell was immediately evident as I was downwind, and it was rough. I had a good spot, but I couldn’t keep it due to the fear of losing it when I started to gag. I thought maybe I could tolerate it, but it was too much.**

**I wanted a sample of the air and possibly an egg for study, but it was not to be. I approached and had no idea the mother had returned to conceal herself nearby. As I began carefully taking the rocks off the pile, gently setting them aside, planning to rebuild all of it later, I didn’t have a clue what was coming until jaws clamped down over my midsection. The ballistic weave in my clothes kept me from getting a hole punched in me, but the crushing started immediately, stealing my breath.**

**I was hoisted up and tossed in the air to get a different biting grip. The teeth shifted lower and found the space below my armor jacket. Several of them punctured fesh and gave the pressure being exerted on my chest a place to go. Blood gushed, and my abdomen screamed in pain.**

**I couldn’t focus past the pain to get a spell off, and then the venom hit me, and I was too nauseated and lightheaded to manage even an attempt to call up a spirit. The chimera tossed me aside, wounded and poisoned, to await my demise. It would normally have been a great moment to blast the critter, but I had nothing. I was fading fast when I heard the crack of the gunshot and saw the chimera jerk suddenly before collapsing to the ground. I passed out only a moment later.**

**I woke with my gut bandaged and some hideous-smelling goop on my wounds. A local hunter by the name of Jessup had saved me and told me the goop kept the venom in check. Once I had the focus for it, I detoxed myself and then healed my injuries. The efforts left me tired, and I dozed off again. The next time I woke, Jessup was gone, but he had left several teeth and a large patch of chimera hide for me. It was a touching gesture and reminded me there are good people in the world.**

**==> picture [18 x 213] intentionally omitted \<==**
