---
id: WL-0191
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Nartaki Gorilla - (Gorilla nartakus)
page: 95
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Nartaki Gorilla**

## **(Gorilla nartakus)**

**I really wish my fellow parazoological pioneers would put a little more effort into the common naming of new species. I feel like they cross their cultural wires a bit too often and lead the layman to be confused. Take the nartaki gorilla. It’s indigenous to Africa but has an Asian cultural reference slapped on it because metahumans used it to name a group of humans with one similar trait: four arms.**

**Now, anyone hearing it might expect this gorilla to sport some other variations, but they don’t. This species sports a second pair of arms just below their original set, but their physical appearance is identical across all other characteristics. Even with that being the case, those two extra arms make the nartaki gorilla terrifying in hand-to-hand combat. They aren’t usually confict-oriented, though. Most of their encounters and altercations are based on a misperception or a need for them to seriously defend their kin.**

**That’s how a quiet little gnome ran afoul of them. I wasn’t foolishly violent, but I was tired and defended myself with an overly boisterous Clout spell that fattened a juvenile gorilla that was trying to assert his dominance over me while I was trying to study the multiple Awakened species of gorilla in the region. I was actually focused on the arcana gorilla but wasn’t having luck yet. I wasn’t looking for trouble, but one of the males got the feeling I was a threat. I settled that fght but found myself hoisted up by my armpits and my head held frmly by another pair of hands.**

**I tried to stay calm, but again, exhaustion wasn’t letting me think straight. I managed to fash up a quick fre around me, and the gorilla dropped me. I ran to get distance, woke up my bunkmate on my return to camp, and then got ignored by everyone until they saw it for themselves.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
