---
id: WL-0169
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Snap Dragon
page: 82
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Snap Dragon**

**When out in the marshlands, one of the most important things for many creatures is dry land. Oftentimes, the best that can be had is a mat of grass and plants that form tussocks or foating islands. Unfortunately, not all mats of grass are safe islands and are instead giant Awakened snapping turtles that can bite a troll clean in two.**

**The snap dragon (** _**Chelydra draco**_ **) is a gigantic turtle that is twelve meters in diameter. It is well protected and has a hardened shell. These things can give a MacArthur MBT a run for its nuyen. While it doesn’t have a main gun, its long neck allows it to reach out fve meters to snatch prey in its crushing jaws. Their heads are roughly one meter wide with hardened protrusions located along the brow ridge. Its mouth forms into a hard, bone beak. It has long, sharp claws, but these are much more useful in burrowing than in striking anyone down.**

**The coloration and vegetation located on the shell is often part of its camoufage. Earthen tones of browns, greys, and greens speckle the shell where grass and trees have not taken root.**

- **Again, not a dragon. Why must metahumanity call everything a dragon when it’s big and reptilian?**

- **Orange Queen**

- **Someone seems to be sensitive about this.**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Don’t antagonize the dragon. Little Jack needs a father.**

- **Netcat**

**The snap dragon is carnivorous and will make a meal out of anything nearby that will ft into its giant maw. The beast will wait for unsuspecting prey to come within reach of its neck before shooting forward its head, clamping down on its target. Another attack that they use is a water attack, which can trap its prey in bonds of water.**

**The creature’s mating behavior has only been documented a few times—it can at best be described as the meeting of two tectonic plates. Afterward, the female leaves to dig a nest one to two meters deep in nearby soil. The newly hatched turtles are roughly ffty centimeters in diameter. These baby snap dragons won’t reach sexual maturity for nearly fve years.**


## **snap dragon**

**==> picture [210 x 48] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>11 4 4 14 4 1 3 1 5 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>16 7/2 A1, I3 14 5/10/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 2, Close Combat 5, Outdoors 5, Perception 3, Stealth 7 Powers/Qualities: Binding (LOS, Water), Hardened Armor 5, Long Reach, Natural Weapon (Crushing Jaws)**

**Weapons:**

**Engulf [Close Combat, DV 2S (sets Wet and Fatigued I status), 10/8/2/—/—]**

**Crushing Jaws [Close Combat, DV 6P, 19/—/—/—/—]**
