---
id: WL-0052
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Fimbulwinter Fox
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Fimbulwinter Fox**

**Pollution and climate change continue to infuence the planet. Many of the colder-weather animals have been severely impacted by changes like this. One such creature is the arctic fox, which found that some of its prey had been driven south. They moved south to follow but encountered mankind and its ability to pollute everything. Some of the frst fmbulwinter foxes (** _**Vulpes glacies**_ **) were found in regions controlled by the Athabaskan Council.**

**The appearance of the fmbulwinter fox is never pure white. Its fur is often green and copper, which is caused by the leaching of ground chemicals in its drinking water. The ears are usually black or red, with more prominent veins visible. Their fur can also be other colors depending on the chemicals they have been exposed to. In addition, the teeth of the fmbulwinter fox are more triangular than that of the arctic fox. The animal is around six-**

**ty-fve centimeters long and can weigh up to three kilograms.**

**Due to the loss of its pure white coat, the fmbulwinter fox has shifted its hunting to be fully nocturnal. Its diet typically consists of small rodents. While the arctic fox is a shy creature, the fmbulwinter fox will boldly confront much larger creatures and will do so in packs of six to ten. They use their uncanny control of wind and water to lock their opponents in layers of frost.**

**The toxicity has impacted their ability to reproduce, and they have adjusted to this as well. Their litter size has increased from twenty kits to around forty kits, but unfortunately many of the kits die within the frst two to three days.**


## **Fimbulwinter Fox**

**==> picture [213 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>1 3 4 1 2 1 4 1 5 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>6 8/2 A1, I3 2 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 7 (Bite +2), Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 5, Corrosive Spit, Engulf (air, water), Energy Aura (air), Enhanced Senses (Smell, Thermographic)**

**Weakness: Fragile (2)**

**Weapons:**

**Engulf Cold [Close Combat, DV 7S, 5/—/—/—/—, gain Fatigued I] Engulf Water [Close Combat, DV 7S, 5/—/—/—/—, gain Fatigued I and Wet] Corrosive Spit [Magic + Agility, DV 7P (Chemical), 14/12/6/4/—] Bite [Close Combat, DV 2P, 6/—/—/—/—] Unarmed Strike [Close Combat, DV 2S, 14/—/—/—/—]**

**Note: The fmbulwinter fox air powers are meant to drop the temperature of the area, providing a cooling efect.**
