---
id: WL-0306
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Meistersinger
page: 155
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Meistersinger**

**The meistersinger (** _**Megaptera palestrina**_ **) is an Awakened humpback whale averaging twenty-six meters in length and ffty-fve metric tons in weight. It has elongated tail fukes and seven to twelve small dorsal humps instead of the dorsal fn, as well as a distinctly larger cranium. It also has similar coloration as the mundane brethren. They are also sapient.**

**There has been a lot written about meistersingers over the years, but I would like to doff my hat to G-Nome for his assistance in this area. I have learned a lot about the oceans and seas in general listening to meistersingers, and feel I have a better understanding of the way the world works.**

- **Guardians of the World Ocean, keepers of the deep. I’ve seen these majestic giants attack shipping, and I’ve seen them save seamen from certain death on multiple occasions. I wish I could talk to them like you can, Deep Six**

- **Bubbles**

**Entire tomes would not do these creatures justice, so I’ll simply catch everyone up after G-Nome’s** _**Howling Shadows**_ **upload. The STC are still working through some issues, and as such have not offcially labelled meistersingers as sapient. But the United Nations has begun to take a look into the situation, so perhaps things may change in the future. Several megacorporations, namely Evo and Maersk, have sent envoys to speak to the meistersingers, but last I heard they had not returned. The envoys are still alive, but beyond that, magical and technological means of discerning their status and location fail. Quite catastrophically, in the case of one ritual.**

**With Seattle’s newfound freedom and the Sea Dragon’s eye turned toward that sprawl, I feel it is only a matter of time before meistersingers are seen in numbers in Puget Sound.**

- **Oh, hell no! It’s bad enough out here with all the crazies and UCAS Navy and Lone Star and everyone else. Please don’t add giant Awakened whales too!**
