---
id: WL-0098
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Pain Pines
page: 45
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pain Pines**

**I really dislike Awakened fora. It’s bad enough having predators we once thought were myth and legend out in the wilds trying to kill us, but it’s just a slap in the evolutionary face to know you are occasionally kicked off the top of the food chain by a fragging** _**plant**_ **!**

**With that out of my system, let me tell you how problematic this particular species of Awakened tree can be. First, they look very similar to standard cembra pines, with thick black needles mixed around the regular green variety. Several branches are curled back around the trunk when the tree is set to strike, which from most of my investigations is all the time. For the quick-anddirty explanation of the threat here, these trees lash out and knock down or kill animals that get close. They grow in groups that often share root structures and are frequently found near cliff edges, where they grow those root systems to reach the bottom or the nearest fat surfaces where bodies may land.**

**==> picture [113 x 277] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// PAIN PINE //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [176 x 173] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Now, before any trolls start commenting or chuckling, sure, this isn’t exactly a threat to you, but I’m a gnome, and even average humans and elves could be at risk of being thrown off balance. This is before I go into the danger of those black needles and their cones.**

**==> picture [176 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**I’ll just admit to getting thoroughly distracted in watching another pain pine and the ill-fated alpine chaff that landed among its branches. I was trying to get a better camera angle and took one too many steps back, right into range of the pain pine behind me. Three branches whipped out in quick succession. I was startled and pushed a little by the frst, dodged the second, but I was off-balance from the dodge, and the third branch connected solidly and sent me tumbling to the edge of the cliff. Luckily, I had an air spirit handy nearby who I’d taught my Levitation spell, and they managed to stop me before I went splat.**

**see your skin beginning to rot and liquify around the wound. Horrifying.**

**The cones are also bad news for nearby species of animals and plants. The whipping of the branches not only knocks down prey and potentially paralyzes, it can also fing the cones up to 100 meters or so. The cones immediately explode when they impact any frm object. The burst not only spreads seeds but also sends cone fragments that are covered in that paralytic-necrotic combo cocktail over the area to better develop the soil**

**I ended up with three of those needles in me. Along with injecting a paralytic into your system, they also cause rapid skin necrosis around the insertion point. You don’t feel it, but you can easily**

**==> picture [211 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [343 x 282] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// SHADOW YAK //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [207 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [207 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**The shadow yak is dark blue and black in color with long hair that reaches all the way to the ground. Along the underside of the yak’s abdomen is a skin pocket that can hold one or two metahumans each up to the size of an ork. This sac seems to have no other purpose. It’s not marsupial or an augmentation. It’s an anatomical anomaly, that along with the darker hair, makes them ideal for moving stealthily at night.**


## **pain pines**

**==> picture [210 x 49] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|     |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ---- | ----- | --- | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| B   | A    | R     | S   | W    | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 14  | 4    | 4     | 8   | 1    | 1   | 4   | 1   | 1   | 6   | 6   |
| DR  | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 24  | 8/1  | A1/I2 | 15  | 0    |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Several of the local tribes keep and revere these anomalies, but the yaks often escape in order to fulfll their work. They somehow know when there is a danger to the fragile peace and show up to help by moving key individuals to the right place.**

**Skills: Astarl 2, Close Combat 3, Exotic Weapon (Branch) 4, Perception 3 Powers: Armor 10, Dual Natured, Natural Weapon Weapons: Branch [Close Combat, DV 6S, 10/—/—/—/—] Needles [Close Combat, DV 4P, 4/4/4/—/—]**

**> Some of that movement is not voluntary. There is a small group known as the Honorable Order of the Ebon Yak that participates in kidnappings and extractions in order to make it work.**
