---
id: WL-0160
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Ghede Fly
page: 78
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Ghede Fly**

**Due to the amount of damage they can do to an environment and their prolifc breeding rate, some environmental agencies offer a bounty for the animal and are even willing to dispose of the corpse for you. Most of the bounties range around ten to twenty nuyen, depending on which agency you work with.**

**Flying insects can be a nuisance in the best of times, but the ghede fy (** _**Culex pestilans**_ **) is special in its ability to be legitimately dangerous. The insect can be found in and around the wetlands of Southern France and around the Mediterranean Sea. The insect is part of the mosquito family and breeds in the warm, stagnant waters of the coastline.**

- **Definitely let them dispose of the carcass. It’s toxic as hell, and you’ll get sick if you try to make a barbecue from it.**

**The size of the mosquito is one of the primary ways to identify it. The females of the species can**

**> Juice Box**



**reach sixteen centimeters in length and weigh up to three grams. The chitinous body is covered in decorative scales across the broad thorax and multiple body segments. The males of the species also have a pair of serrated mandibles in addition to the long proboscis. The female’s scales are often less colorful than the males and are most often coffee colored.**

**The females and males exhibit different feeding needs and behavior. Males will typically feed on nectar and fruit. They are often attracted to alcoholic drinks. The females feed exclusively on metahuman blood in order to supply the vast amounts of eggs she produces. She will lay those eggs in the spring on the surface of the water, although this can be disrupted by drought or late rainy seasons.**

**The males often work in conjunction with females to draw their prey into the region, allowing the females more opportunities to feed and the males better access to mating.**

- **The government has organized multiple efforts to deploy pesticides in the area to keep the insects under control. This has led to an increase in the number of illnesses in animals and metahumans in the area.**

- **Sim-Efrenchon**
