---
id: WL-0053
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Furfur
page: 27
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Furfur**

**There are multiple creatures that have been called a furfur, named after a demon that is traditionally depicted as a red deer. People have called an Emerged elk, deer, or other members of the Cervidae family a furfur. The specifc one that we are talking about is one of the caribou. Furfur and caribou will often be found in the same herds roaming across the far northern latitudes.**

**The furfur often appear similar to the progenitor species. In the case of the porcupine caribou (** _**Rangifer tarandus groenlandicus**_ **), the furfur (** _**Rangifer tempestas groenlandicus**_ **) is approximately 150 kilograms in weight and standing at a little over two meters tall. Their coat is a similar brown to the porcupine caribou, but there are red stripes in the fur that are visible in the sunlight. The other main difference between the species is that the furfur has more angular antlers, and they have a reddish cast from the amount of iron in the bone.**

**The furfur will graze along with the other caribou in the herd. This peaceful creature will range across the northern parts of the Yukon near the**

**==> picture [176 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [217 x 163] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [277 x 163] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// GASHADOKURO //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [397 x 99] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [37 x 99] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Gashadokuro are giant, feshless skeletons that stand ten to ffteen meters tall. They are said to be animated by the collective hate and hunger of the victims of a mass casualty disaster such as a war or famine. The component bones are the collected assemblages of mismatched pieces of numerous corpses, mortared together with dirt that continually crumbles away as the creature moves. Its skull-like head is fanged, and its fngers are elongated into scythe-like claws. It’s only active at night. Its eye holes are illuminated from within by green, ghostly fre.**

**Porcupine River. Their range covers nearly 2,400 kilometers. Where the furfur earns its reputation as a demon is when around Matrix devices. They will relentlessly attack any devices using a combination of Pulse Storm and data spikes. They will not stop until the Matrix signal is no longer nearby.**

**Luckily, the furfur doesn’t appear to be regularly born in the population of caribou. These will only appear in one out of one hundred births and even then, the survival rate is not good when the area is populated by other large predators. The worst outcomes generally come when a herd of Cervidae happens upon a remote research site and proceed to brick every device in the facility.**

**The current theory is that this is some sort of phenomenon that occurs near old battleground sites and not a result of any specifc ritual. There is defnitely a correlation in the size of the spirit with the size of the graveyard. These creatures will roam the old battlefeld during the middle of the night, and if they encounter any metahumans, they will grasp them, consuming their life force to sustain them.**


## **furfur**

**==> picture [213 x 76] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C R ESS<br>5 4 5 4 3 1 3 3 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 8/2 A1, I3 11 10/30/+2<br>MATRIX MATRIX MATRIX<br>DR AC CM<br>4 6/4 10<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [213 x 92] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Gashadokuro<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>F+2 F F+2 F–2 F F F+1 F F 2D6\*<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>(F+2)\* (F x 2) + 3/2 A1, I3 (F / 2) + 9 20/25/+1<br>ASTRAL ASTRAL ASTRAL<br>DR I/ID AC<br>F (F x 2)/3 A1, I4<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 2, Cracking 4, Electronics 3, Outdoors 3, Perception 5, Stealth 2 Complex Forms: Infusion (Attack), Infusion (Sleaze), Pulse Storm Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 2S, 9/—/—/—/—] Digital Bite [Cracking, DV 2, AR 6]**

**Skills: Astral, Close Combat, Perception**

**Powers: Astral Form, Confusion, Essence Drain, Essence Loss, Fear, Materialization (immunity to normal weapons), Natural Weapon (claws/bite), Paralyzing Touch, Sapience**
