---
id: WL-0256
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Gila Demon - (Heloderma diabolis)
page: 125
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Gila Demon**

## **(Heloderma diabolis)**

**These Awakened lizards deserve their hellspawn moniker. With a potential length of almost two meters, these aggressive lizards are the Awakened and extremely unpleasant versions of the gila monster. It has a similar surface appearance to its mundane kin, with its studded and beadlike skin bearing the same yellow, orange, and black colors. Its mouth regularly glistens with its poisonous saliva, and much like its kin, the bite does**

**not inject a venom but rather leaves a poisonous concoction to seep into the wounds and infect the local area as well as the bloodstream.**

**Though large, the gila demon is deceptively fast and an excellent digger. They are easily able to clear a half-meter-deep hole in a matter of seconds, usually to rapidly excavate the burrows of small desert mammals. They are diurnal, and while they may spend their days sprawled in the sun gathering heat for their bodies, they will strike out at passing prey that makes the mistake of thinking they are docile in the daytime. This prey is generally smaller than the gila demon, but occasional attacks on larger prey are known to happen. These attacks are usually rapid strikes followed by evasion tactics, as their poisonous saliva slows their prey. As a point of reference, no one has been able to make an antivenin for their saliva, as it contains such an odd mix of bacterial poisons.**

**Lucky for us, the gila demon is a solitary creature. They only come together in larger groups for breeding. When this occurs, you want to be nowhere nearby. Especially not trying to observe. Hint for how I fragged up later! Usually this is a single male approaching a single female, but larger groups coming together have been observed. These group meetings tend to be a bit more of a battle royale. Their solitary nature extends to a territoriality when outside the breeding season, and challenges for territory are often quite deadly.**

**One fnal point of information leading to my unpleasant encounter is the exceptional acuteness of the gila demon’s visual and olfactory senses. My invisibility spell didn’t even come close to holding up once they caught a whiff of me.**

**I was observing my third breeding gathering, which is less a singular meet and greet and more a collection of smaller encounters that kind of fow across an area as different lizards interact. I was closer than the previous two, but felt I still had a good distance, and I was solidly downwind. The group moved suddenly after a scuffe ensued between some females seeking the same male and rolled right over me. I was safe one moment and surrounded the next. I felt it was a great chance to get up-close footage, but rather than levitating frst and then recording, I did it backward. Or should I say, I activated the recording in time to catch several of the gila demons scenting the air and then turning on me. My only saving grace was that they came at me en masse, and they aren’t pack hunters. Bumping and bouncing off each other as they snapped, I got enough time to levitate up a few meters and get a good display of their leaping ability. With a spinal bend and a tail push they managed to get their full length vertical. Two got some extra height by climbing off others, but since it wasn’t a coordinated effort it was not very accurate.**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [557 x 377] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// GILA DEMON //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Be warned, if you go out to collect reagents or bounties on these lizards, don’t roll into a breeding gathering and think it’s going to be a walk in the park. They are keen-sensed and wily when it matters.**

**dillo falls into the latter category. They just aren’t bright enough to tell the difference between simple things and will have the most completely inappropriate response to the stimulus.**

**They came about from the same Texas armadillo that spawned the juggernaut, offering an interesting study as to why this particular species had three Awakened expressions. Relationships between the three don’t really exist, and some of the differences are obvious, such as the size of the juggernaut and the social behavior for the greater armadillo. (Though based on how bright the greater armadillo is, I could certainly see it trying to go after a juggernaut during mating season.) The greater armadillo looks very similar to its mundane progenitor, the Texas armadillo, except for being slightly larger, growing up to about 1.2 meters long. Behaviors are similar to a normal armadillo, feeding mostly on insects, especially termite colonies. It is nocturnal and has poor eyesight, thus relying on its senses of smell and taste. Its great variation is social, where this particularly stupid mammal cannot determine the appropriate response to threats. They’ve been spotted curling into a defensive ball when presented with a harmless puppy as well as going into a berserk rage, slashing and biting**
