---
id: WL-0217
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Apocalypse Rhino - (Diceros apocalyptus)
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Apocalypse Rhino**

## **(Diceros apocalyptus)**

**With every bit of good that comes in the Awakening, there always seems to be some dark equivalent. The return of the black rhino population marked another signifcant victory for Mother Nature until one by one, the eyes of the black rhinos turned a sickly orange, and the species became increasingly nocturnal. Their movements and activities became less trackable and horror stories about them became commonplace.**

**Herds slowly strolling through a town and everyone getting sick behind them. Single rhinos stalking individual members of a family until none were left. Herds trampling through a town leaving the structures and people in shambles. Single rhinos or herds that are seen around a village just before their crops die off or their water source dries up.**

**If you’re following the pattern, you’ll notice these toxic rhinos follow the legends of the biblical four horsemen. Once they are spotted in a region, you can be sure runners are going to start getting big game hunting calls. The question becomes whether they are willing to step into the events that always just seem inevitable.**

**Money is money, but survival and success are nice sometimes. If you get a toxic black rhino gig, make sure to get cash up front.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**I didn’t take a job against them, as I had already done a two-month study of a herd in Azania that managed to carve out their own little corner of the merged kingdoms, and I knew better. This doesn’t mean my frequent work in Africa didn’t involve a chance encounter.**

**I was on the move from Joburg over to Cape Town in one of the regular hamster balls I use down there when I felt the earth start to shake. I scanned the rear view, and there they were, a good dozen of these orange-eyed, twisted creatures running me down. They were spread wide, and it looked more like they were on the way to pass me, but I couldn’t be sure. I slipped off-road and let them all jog by.**

**As they passed, the felds of grass around me start to rot and die, turning to sludgy fbers in seconds. I look control of the hamster ball in the slick soup and rolled right back toward the running herd. I got into the middle of them, and suddenly I’m a gnomeflled pinball getting bounced between broad armored shoulders and the occasional header, where I am waiting to be impaled on a horn.**

**One of them was a little wild with a header and sent me careening out of their path and into a nearby stream, where my problem shifted from toxic black rhinos to river crocs.**

**Doing what little digging I could personally manage time for, I found all the toxics arose around a decommissioned radium mine in Azania. The mine was supposedly into more than radium, as it extended several kilometers around the main entrance. Some rumors say there’s a corporate lab down in the depths that covers everything from bioengineering to bioweapons alongside mining rare earth metals and radioactive substances from radium to weapons-grade plutonium.**
