---
id: WL-0323
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Colonist - (Blattella puerilis)
page: 166
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Colonist**

## **(Blattella puerilis)**

**Cockroaches are a common sight in urban environments worldwide, and they thrive in cities due to the abundance of easily available food and shelter. They are well adapted to living in cities, and they can live in a variety of conditions. It’s even documented that they can survive for weeks without a head! They can eat almost anything (except for the headless ones).**

**So it should be no surprise to anyone that like many other creatures in our world, they have adapted. To be classifed as an adult colonist, the specimen must frst be of a local species that has increased in size, now weighing as much as a kilogram and being 0.3 meters long. Second, they can control normal cockroaches and manipulate them into creating metahuman-shaped bodies that the colonists ride in and control.**

**When riding within their cockroach constructs, a colonist will be vertical with its head in a location that would be similar to a metahuman’s. Cockroaches used in the construct will lie their antenna fat on its back and extend their wings. By doing this, they quickly adjust their wings to act as a counterbalance while they move. Some say it provides the cockroach construct with a roughly humanoid-looking appearance. It’s like a metahuman wearing a raincoat and continually shaking water off. Though unheard of by the nymph colonist, an adult can and will fnd clothing to use with its construct. Though some believed this was for disguise purposes, the jeans, shirts, jackets, and coats provided additional structural support, giving the adult more control over the cockroach construct.**

**A colonist is a brood parasite and requires cockroaches to raise its young. Like normal cockroaches, colonists like to be with others of their kind, including normal cockroaches. So if you fnd a colonist’s nest, it could have up to ffty colonists living alongside tens of thousands of normal cockroaches. Cockroaches will eat each other, and colonists are no different. They use the normal cockroaches as a food source when necessary and eat each other if there is no other choice. As the normal cockroach population becomes limited, the colonists will venture to the surface and “walk around” to see what they can fnd. This is normally trash or waste, but as I said before, it could be anything that is or once was a living organism.**

**If there are enough cockroaches in the area, a colonist can instruct them to attack a single target, attempting to engulf the enemy in a tsunami of roaches.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
