---
id: WL-0201
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Spider Beast - (Nephila gigantus)
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Spider Beast**

## **(Nephila gigantus)**

**I think the most terrifying part of the spider beast for me personally is the fact that it’s bigger than me. Its body is only a half meter or so, but its legs exceed that, and overall they can sprawl almost two meters from hooked claw to hooked claw. Even though they are quite large, they are also rather light for their volume, weighing in under 1.5 kilos. Most of their body and legs are hollow chitin with**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**thin, powerful muscle fbers and a closed rather than open vascular system.**

**They aren’t aggressive hunters, falling instead into the web hunter category. They spin large webs across any fairway they can and then lie in wait nearby to pounce on anything they sense entering their food catcher. They are adept at telling the difference between live prey and inanimate junk that lands in the web, but a large portion of that is due to the panic response most creatures (including metahumans) have when they get stuck in or contact a web.**

**Once in contact, the spider beast fashes into motion. They go in for a quick bite to inject their venom, and depending on the prey’s response, they either back off and let the paralytic properties of their venom take hold or they start the binding process right away. So much fun to get wrapped up in a cocoon to eventually be eaten. The really twisted part of that is that their venom isn’t toxic enough to kill you outright. You just get paralyzed and bound up before they bite you several more times so that their venom can dissolve you from the inside out. The luckiest you can be is for the poison to turn your heart or brain to mush frst so you can stop sensing your own slow demise.**

**I appreciate my luck when it comes to surviving deadly encounters, especially when it’s solely due to the fact that I can use magic to protect myself and get out of jams. In the case of the spider beast, I levitated right into a web as I was moving up into the jungle canopy to get a better point of view.**

**I stuck immediately and spotted the spider beast coming. I put all my faith in my armor spell and was rewarded with a bite but no venom. I held still anyway and played dead. As the critter started to wrap me, I fared up a little fame fngers spell I designed, burned the web and most of my binding while also scorching the spider and getting it to back off. I kept up the levitation and moved away to watch the spider beast come back out and go about rebuilding its web. The burns didn’t seem to bother it much, and it had a new web done in less than thirty minutes.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|              |      |       |     |         |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------ | ---- | ----- | --- | ------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| spider beast |      |       |     |         |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B            | A    | R     | S   | W       | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 2            | 4    | 3     | 2   | 3       | 1   | 3   | 1   | 1   | 6   | 6   |
| DR           | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE    |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 6            | 6/3  | A1/I4 | 5   | 5/15/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 3, Outdoors 2, Perception 3, Stealth 6 Powers: Armor 4, Enhanced Senses (Tactile), Natural Weapon (Bite/ Claws), Substance Extrusion (Spider Silk), Venom (Vector: Injection; Speed: 1 combat round; Power: Magic; Efect: Dazed, Immobilized, Nauseated, Poisoned (Magic)P), Wall Walking Weakness: Fragile 4**

**Weapons:**

**Bite/Claws [Close Combat, DV 1P (plus venom), 5/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 73] intentionally omitted \<==**
