---
id: WL-0065
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Pegasus
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Pegasus**

**The mighty pegasus (** _**Equus volatilis amplus**_ **) is told in many of the great mythological stories. Winged steeds carrying mighty warriors into battle is a core part of that storytelling tradition. This animal makes its home in the grasslands of Southern and Central Europe. The beauty of this creature has made it a target for poachers who have found a black market hungry for the parts, which has led this creature to near-extinction.**

- **Wait—does this mean that buffalo wings aren’t made with krill and are actually from buffalo?**

- **Slamm-0!**

- **Don’t listen to him. He knows where buffalo wings come from. He’s just being drekhole.**

- **Netcat**

**A pegasus stands about 1.8 meters tall and weighs about 350 kilograms. The body of the pegasus is typically covered in white fur, although this can range to different shades of gray. Its impressive wingspan can reach eight meters from tip to tip and allows the animal the ability to fy for short periods. The feathers on the wings are white with stripes of silver. In every other way, the pegasus looks like its mundane cousin, the horse.**

**Pegasus are docile creatures that use their power of fight to get away from predators and avoid obstacles. They are strictly herbivores and group into small herds of ten to twenty for protection. During breeding season, the male and female will pair and remain together for the next year while any resulting foals are still unable to fy. During this time, one of the two parents will always be on the ground.**

**This is the only time where the pegasus is dangerous, as the parents will become extremely aggressive in protecting the foal using powerful kicks and a buffeting wind to drive any predator away.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
pegasus<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>8 5 6 7 3 2 4 3 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>8 10/2 A1, I3 12 15/40/+5<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 4, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4 Powers: Elemental Attack (air), Natural Weapon (kick) Weakness: Dietary Restriction (fruit) Weapons:**

**Air Blast [Elemental Attack, DV 2P, 8/6/—/—/—] Unarmed Strike [Close Combat, DV 3S, 14/—/—/—/—]**

**Note: The ground speed for the pegasus is 10/25/+3**


**creatures, but this has proven to be untrue. These creatures are extraordinarily social. Well … social with other peryton—they see just about everything else as prey. They will stick together in a herd, although the herd is smaller than that of other deer, but they will often hunt as individuals unless there is sizable prey, at which point they will work together.**
