---
id: WL-0219
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Bone Termites - (Macrotermes calcius)
page: 109
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bone Termites**

## **(Macrotermes calcius)**

**First discovered in an elephant graveyard, this species hitched a ride with researchers and found other bone-rich sites to develop nests. They developed tunnels and nests from the dissolved and reformed bones of the dead (and sometimes the living). They don’t really know the difference. They**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**will burrow through living fesh as well as dead and can produce a compound to dissolve bone, ingest a signifcant quantity, and take it back to the nest for construction.**

**Other members of the nest will do the same with meat, living or dead. The bone collectors are hard to squish, as the compound within them is fairly dense. The meat collectors get squished in a disgusting mess. They also potentially carry other viruses—a nest of related termites in Asamando actively carry HMHVV.**

**Local tribesman fnd meat dissolvers to be a delicacy and full of extra nutrients. Due to the risks of infection, they normally cook them a bit before popping them like DragonPuffs.**

**Bone termites’ nests rise up from the ground in graveyards and boneyards as well as above massacre sites. Something about their presence tends to bring any taint on the mana down. Several urban and wild dumpsites have been discovered due to bone termite activity. A lot of unsavory people are happy to hire shadowrunners to do a little exterminator work, and it’s much nicer when the insects aren’t two meters tall!**

**I had a close encounter while doing research on a graveyard gargoyle variant. I had to spend several nights keeping a lookout and would usually sleep during the day, but I stayed on site in the graveyard. I woke up around noon one day to excruciating pain and found my tent was flling with bone termites, and two had already gotten into my leg. Their initial bites don’t cause much damage and they don’t hurt thanks to some kind of anesthetic gland, but the pain relief isn’t enough to erase the effect of bone gnawing. I shot out of that cot and set the world afame. I had to summon several spirits of water to put it out afterward—it was all I could think to do in that nightmare situation.**

**Now, corps are trying to get these things controlled enough to do mana shaping, but they have proven tough to train. They easily expand their nests with the proper supplies but can also gender adjust to produce new queens far too easily and expand at a rate no one should be comfortable with. Check out Qonce in Azania. They got an infestation, and now the place is a ghost town.**

**==> picture [106 x 36] intentionally omitted \<==**
