---
id: WL-0166
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Ninki Nanka
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Ninki Nanka**

**Deep in the wetlands of West Africa, in Mauritania and Gold and Ivory Coast Tribal Lands, there has been the rumor of some sort of large lizard or dragon. Many pre-Awakening expeditions were launched to fnd the beast, but the best that was found was some scales and a shadowy glimpse at a face that looked like the combination of a male lion and a dragon. A few of these animals have been found in the wild over the last couple of years, but it is unclear how large the population of this giant hunter is.**

**> It’s absolutely not related to dragons.**

**> Orange Queen**

**> But it looks a lot like a dragon. > Slamm-0!**

**The ninki nanka is an ambush predator. Its most common tactic is to remain completely still for long periods of time before striking quickly with its long, sharp teeth. On dry land, it is an ungainly creature and has moves slowly. But in the wetlands, it can move rapidly, pulling its belly along the waterways. The creatures hunt in pairs, attempting to trap any**

**The ninki nanka (** _**Chlamydosaurus draco**_ **) is a distant relative of the Chinese dragon family. They have a long, sinuous body which is covered**



**==> picture [595 x 19] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 233] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [142 x 156] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
//<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**in that vein continue to be told in the region. In fact, there was a law on the books to protect these creatures from being captured by locals back in the 1970s.**

**potential prey between the two of them, driving their food to their waiting partner.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|       |       |        |     |         |     |     |     |     |     |
| ----- | ----- | ------ | --- | ------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| ninki | nanka |        |     |         |     |     |     |     |     |
| B     | A     | R      | S   | W       | L   | I   | C   | M   | ESS |
| 12    | 4     | 6      | 10  | 3       | 2   | 4   | 4   | 4   | 6   |
| DR    | I/ID  | AC     | CM  | MOVE    |     |     |     |     |     |
| 22    | 10/2  | A1, I3 | 14  | 5/10/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**The adult skunk ape stands about 150 centimeters tall. It has reddish-brown fur that covers its body. The fur covers all but the bottom of the paws and the area around the mouth. The critter has two rear limbs and four upper limbs. While the ape is able to stand on two legs, it is more often seen on all four limbs, leaving its uppermost limbs free to manipulate items. At the end of each limb, the paws have razor-sharp claws. The skunk ape’s main identifying factor is how it smells, which is particularly noxious.**

**==> picture [36 x 314] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Skills: Athletics 2 (Swimming +2), Close Combat 7, Outdoors 6, Perception 7, Stealth 5**

**Qualities: Biosonar, Dermal Alteration (Dragon), Underwater Vision Powers: Adaptive Coloration, Armor 10, Confusion, Natural Weapon Weapons: Lunging Bite [Close Combat, DV 4P, 16/10/—/—/—]**

**The creature uses groves of cypress trees to hide and does not venture out during daylight. The animals live in family groups of between twenty and thirty. The skunk ape isn’t particularly aggressive but will defend its grove. In those situations, all members of their tribe work together to take down the interloper. The creatures are omnivorous and do their hunting and gathering at night. On rare occasions, one will take a fascination with a metahuman and stalk them, but it’s unclear if that is for feeding or for some other purpose.**
