---
id: WL-0236
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Void Croc - (Crocodylus antearcanus)
page: 115
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Void Croc**

## **(Crocodylus antearcanus)**

**While most people are used to seeing crocodiles along the Nile and riverways, the Awakened cousin has abandoned the water for a life stalking the tall grasses of the savanna.**

**They specialize in hunting Awakened species, as they project a narrow mana void around them that weakens Awakened prey. Regularly stalking aerial ostriches, ozian baboons, fre lions, and other breeds that rely on their Awakened abilities, the void croc has done very well for itself.**

**They aren’t completely at the top of the food web, though. Dragons regularly hunt void crocs to deal with their dangerous abilities. Sheer gross power is enough for the void croc to be overwhelmed by any dragon, but their battles are often the starting point for other attacks, especially attacks against the dragon. While the dragon may have little problem dealing with the croc, forces arrayed against it use this momentary lull in the dragon’s defenses to strike. This cunning maneuver once got me stuck in the crossfre as I lost my mojo and was no match for either of these titans, even if they were not at their full powers.**

**This ability has the void croc in the sights of several corpsec frms, along with many corrupt African governments and tribal go-gangs. If they can have a trained croc that shuts down magic, they have one less avenue of security to worry about. Not to mention certain groups opposed to magic are looking to use this creature’s arcane ability to bring down some very powerful foes and targets.**

- **There is an assassin known only as Void. One of his moves is to place a trained void croc in the vicinity of an entryway and negate any arcane protection as he takes down a target.**

- **> Balladeer**

- **Confirmed. I was offering protection to an unsavory fellow in order to get access to some texts I wanted. I felt my protections blink out, warned him over comms, then listened to him dismiss me and my “lack of talent.” When he took a bullet, I wasn’t even terribly upset except for the back-end payment and the tiny hit to my rep. I had already collected on text access. Wasn’t getting screwed out of that.**

- **Ire**

- **Is it ever a good idea to screw you over, Ire?**

- **Bull**

- **I forgive or forget more often than you’d think.**

- **Ire**

**==> picture [210 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
void croc<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>8 3 4 5 2 1 3 2 1 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>10/20/+1 (5/10/+2<br>14 7/2 A1/I3 12<br>Swimming)<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4 (Swimming +2), Close Combat 4, Outdoors 2, Perception 4 Powers: Arcane Dampening, Armor 4, Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision), Hardened Armor 2, Natural Weapon**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 6P, 10/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 101] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 237] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 237] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 103] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [367 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
