---
id: WL-0039
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Terror Bird
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Terror Bird**

**We don’t really talk about the tailor-made animals very often. There is defnitely plenty of diversity that naturally occurs, but sometimes a mad scientist has an idea that enough funding can be applied to make it a reality. There was probably some scientist who looked at the artistic drawings of the extinct terror bird and thought, “this needs to be a reality.” Then some corporation decided that it would make an excellent investment because they could sell it. It’s a tale as old as time.**

**What we know is that Shiawase Biotech began selling a security bird under the name Secure Perimeter Avian Control Environment (SPACE) program. The bird itself has been dubbed the terror bird (** _**Struthio shiawase**_ **) by some of our illustrious members, and by the end of this article, you will know why. The exact mix of DNA and treatments used to create these animals is a closely held secret of the biotech company, and believe me, we tried to get that for the article. What we have been able to learn is that it was created from a combination of DNA from the cockatrice and some extinct species. They then activated and amplifed some of the junk DNA. What you get is something between a dinosaur and a bird.**

**The terror bird is a large, terrestrial bird with a head shaped like that of a tyrannosaurus rex and the body of that of a cockatrice. The animal stands between three and four meters in height and has a limited wingspan. In fact, the wings are fairly far forward and have two fngers that jut out at the frst joint. The head lacks the traditional beak associated with current bird species. Instead, it has a forty-centimeter-long snout that is flled with conical, sharp teeth. Its long, muscular neck and powerful legs allow it to lunge forward rapidly to strike with its bite or lead with its razor-sharp talons. Bright color features run from the top of its head down to its ankles. Its feet are narrow and scaly, with ffteen-centimeter-long claws.**

- **You should check out their brochure on their host. You can order the security animals with their plumage matching your corporate colors. That is so cool.**

- **Dr. Spin**

**Terror birds have been bred and created for security forces with a focus on the trainability of the creature. These animals are smart, and it goes beyond animal cunning. The terror birds that I’ve received reports on have shown that they can move along specifc routes, attack as a group, and even work with their human handlers and other security forces. This ability to work closely as a group is tied somehow to its ability to communicate with its handler and other terror birds in the area.**



**==> picture [526 x 16] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [205 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [205 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [341 x 143] intentionally omitted \<==**


**There are some things you need to know if you’re visiting a facility guarded by these beasts. The frst thing is that their senses are extremely sharp except for their sense of smell. The next major thing is that these birds are extremely territorial and aggressive. This can work in your favor, because they can’t just let the birds’ range everywhere. Instead, they need to specifcally work with the security teams they support. If you can breach the basic security perimeter and get with the rest of the employees, the birds are no longer an issue until you need to leave. Finally, they have a few magical capabilities that likely have come from cockatrices and other treatments. Make sure that you’re able to deal with any magical threats from them.**

- **What the brochure isn’t saying is that these birds are a plague on the manasphere. There is something in their nature that just corrupts the area. The smell of bird droppings is just … oppressive when looking astrally.**

- **Ethernaut**

- **Another thing you don’t want to miss is that the birds bond with their handler. Kill that person, and the birds become completely uncontrollable.**

- **Juice Box**

**The birds are carnivorous. They typically consume three kilograms of meat per day, and specifcally it must be Ocean Farming brand foods. It looks like Shiawase Biotech has put in as many controls as possible to prevent competition and also be able to continue having the nuyen fow in. One such mod is that all the terror birds sold are sterile. Then you need to keep them on special food. Then you must use their specifc vet services. The prices so far have been “contact our sales rep,” which means if you have to ask, you can’t afford it. The plus side is that none of these birds have escaped and gone native. This could really disrupt a local ecosystem.**


## **terror bird**

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>5 5 4 6 3 3 3 1 3 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>8 7/2 A1, I3 11 10/30/+2<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 5, Close Combat 6 (Bite +2, Claw +3), Outdoors 1, Perception 4 Powers: Armor 3, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (thermographic vision), Immunity (own touch), Natural Weapon (bite, claws), Paralyzing Touch (tail), Reduced Senses (smell), Taint**

**Weakness: Dietary Restriction (Ocean Farming brand foods)**

**Weapons:**

- **Life always finds a way.**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 3P, 12/—/—/—/—] Leaping Claws [Close Combat, DV 2P, 14/—/—/—/—]**

- **Slamm-0!**

**Note: When not in combat, the terror bird will use the Taint pow**

**==> picture [176 x 39] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [321 x 129] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// SABRE-TOOTHED TIGER //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 65] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [211 x 33] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 33] intentionally omitted \<==**
