---
id: WL-0286
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Snow Snake - (Ophidia niphophilia)
page: 140
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Snow Snake**

## **(Ophidia niphophilia)**

**I fnd this species fascinating. I once made a joke that it was “a cute little fuzzy snake with** _**fangs**_ **!!!” but I should know better than to try and be humorous with other scientifc types. I got lambasted for referring to a species that regularly reaches over 2.5 meters as “little.” But no, I didn’t nearly die from shame. These creatures are an amazing adaptation for the Sixth World, with their fur being the key source of their extreme cold resistance. Normally, even fur on a cold-blooded creature would not be enough to provide insulation from the exterior temperature, as they have no internal heat-production system. This fur is treasured by talismongers worldwide for its properties in making foci and reagents for cold-based spellcraft.**

**The fur appears white, but it is actually clear. New discoveries have identifed some members of the species with an ability to shift the color of their fur for better camoufage in snow and ice as well as forested areas in the cold north. The most distinctive features of the snow snake are its ruby-red eyes.**

**Which makes a great transition to my neardeath at their fangs, as I was doing a close inspection of the eyes of a captured specimen when it happened.**

**A small corporate research team and I were out doing some evaluations on this species as a potential Awakened guard animal. We had a healthy 2.1 meter female that we were doing physical examinations on while she was held fast in a snake snare. I was making a detailed scan and study of the red eyes, which are actually faceted like an insect’s, increasing the “ruby” redness of them. We were all obviously distracted** _**and**_ **were about to discover that snow snakes are among the short list of “nesting” snakes that maintain protection of their young for a period after hatching. While all of us were focused on mom in the snare, a half-dozen young came into the tent unnoticed. Their size and camoufage abilities made them very stealthy. Stan got bit frst and screamed, followed quickly by Dallas, at which point we all went on the defensive.**

**I avoided a bite, which was good, as with my size I would have been a goner, but we quickly stunned or chased off the young and altered our processes. Within a few weeks, we discovered the potential for a family of snow snakes operating as Awakened guards with only a slight surgery to place tracking nanites into the venom sacks.**

**This was right before the exposure of the incident in Boston and the monads, so take that as a possible warning for something weird, but know some sites may use a mother and offspring snow snakes as security.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [69 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
