---
id: WL-0120
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Black Forest Gargoyle - (Gargoyle arboreus)
page: 57
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Black Forest Gargoyle**

## **(Gargoyle arboreus)**

**The dark forests of the world can very quickly change from beautiful, serene places of peace to dark, horror-flled nightmare zones, with just a simple shift of the sun or a change in the variety of vegetation. It can also turn terrifying when the trees around you seem to suddenly come to life and sprout wings, claws, and an appetite for fresh meat.**

**The Black Forest gargoyle is different from its more urban cousins. Rather than appearing to be made from stone, they appear to be made from wood. They are no less resilient and add an element of stealth to their predatory repertoire that goes well beyond blending in with other building structures, especially since gargoyles on buildings have not been in style for several centuries.**

**This highly intelligent predator was frst discovered in the Black Forest Troll Kingdom, hence**

**==> picture [211 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [205 x 173] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [205 x 173] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [122 x 30] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// BLACK FOREST<br>GARGOYLE //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**the name. Small groups, sometime as few as two or three, have been known to bring down a fullgrown troll. Since their discovery there, other forested locations have come back with similar tales and rumors.**

**It was tracking down one of these other potential groups out on the Olympic Peninsula, where I made the mistake of stepping away from camp to do my business. I was squatting on a camping john one moment, and then pinned to the ground face down the next. I felt a rough knee pressed into my back, and then a strong hand frmly grasped the back of my neck. I am pretty sure I was about to have my head popped off like a child’s doll when the forest erupted in thunder. The hand and knee both lifted, and as I rolled over, I saw the shadowy form of a dragon in the darkness. My guess is it was Urubia or Kalanyr, as they have a strong connection to the region, but there was too little light to make out color or get a good look at their shape.**

**Since that encounter, I have discovered that some of the forest gargoyles serve those powerful with magic. They are also highly sought-after, as most of the paracritter security frms have programs to start using them, primarily at facilities within heavily forested regions, obviously.**

**==> picture [18 x 413] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 353] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
