---
id: WL-0300
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Devil Jack Diamond
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Devil Jack Diamond**

**The devil jack diamond (** _**Lepisosteus adamanticus**_ **) is an Awakened version of the pike, with an average length of three meters and weight of 150 kilograms. It has a large mouth with twenty-eight small teeth on top and eighteen larger teeth on the bottom. It has top-mounted eyes and an olive-colored dorsal shading that fades to yellow on the underbelly. Its back is broad, fat, and covered in heavy scales. These scales provide the devil jack diamond with a level of protection and enable it to foat on the surface with its back**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 234] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 234] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [490 x 168] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// DEVIL JACK DIAMOND //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**While devil jack diamonds are usually solitary, there are reports every year where several get together and sink a small pleasure boat. This obviously can have disastrous consequences if there is no help nearby.**

**awash, much in the same manner as alligators. Devil jack diamonds are often mistaken for logs or driftwood, which makes a nasty surprise for anyone and anything that gets close.**

**Genetic analysis has proven that the devil jack diamond is of the pike family (genus** _**esox**_ **), but it has not been possible to pin it down to one progenitor species. The data points to a lineage from the Northern pike (** _**Esox lucius**_ **) and/ or the muskellunge (** _**Esox masquinongy**_ **). Considering the devil jack diamond’s behavioral and physiological differences, it’s no wonder that it was assigned a genus before proper analysis was complete.**

- **Instances of devil jack diamond attacks of small boats are higher right now, as there are a lot of recently transplanted Ares staff in St. Louis who don’t know the river anywhere near well enough to be entrusted with a pedal boat let alone anything more sophisticated. Brings a tear to my eye, all those fine fish being contaminated with Ares employee flesh.**

- **> Bubbles**

**The devil jack diamond is perhaps one of the most aggressive fsh found anywhere in North America, certainly the most aggressive in the Mississippi River. They feed primarily on catfsh found in the rivers with them, but they will attack anything. This behavior is highly problematic for metahumans in that they will attack anything that causes a disturbance in the water. Anything splashing, such as a metahuman that has fallen overboard, will very swiftly be attacked if there is a devil jack diamond nearby. They are a surprisingly fast and agile fsh for their size and able to reach disturbances very quickly.**

- **Wow, that got dark fast!**

- **> Sounder**

- **All things considered, I’m inclined to agree with Bubbles here. Even the normies aren’t too fond of Ares right now.**

- **> Canis**

**Despite occasionally working together, devil jack diamonds are hyper territorial, often attacking each other to establish dominance even when there is prey nearby. The devil jack diamond has been seen eating losers in these territorial contests.**



**Given the toughness and aggressiveness of the devil jack diamond, they have become a very cachet catch for extreme sports anglers. Normally I would not condone such pastimes except when in a survival situation, but the devil jack diamond is, I fnd, an exception to my personal rule. And do not for one moment think this is not true extreme angling. The “don’t fght the line, fght the angler” tactic G-Nome mentioned in his** _**Howling Shadows**_ **upload has become much more widespread. All along the Mississippi, devil jack diamonds are turning and attacking rather than trying to evade the line. Combine that with their very effective stealth while lying on the surface, and you are now close to a situation where it is often necessary to not only be armed yourself but to have an armed friend nearby, after three separate incidents where anglers were overpowered by these fsh and dragged back into the water and then eaten.**

- **In one of those instances, the angler thrashing about and shooting at the devil jack diamond that was attacking it caused such a disturbance that two other fish showed up. I heard it was in a nature preserve and there was a school field trip nearby that went to help.**

- **Sounder**

- **That can’t have been pretty. I’ve seen the mess they make when feeding.**

- **Deep Six**

- **I have to confess, ever since my first encounter with a devil jack diamond in the early 2060s, this is one species I’m always wary of. But they do an excellent job disposing of bodies, if you’re so inclined. Not as thorough as hogs or ghouls, and being a freshwater fish they’re not exactly common everywhere, but they certainly get the job done.**

- **Canis**


## **devil jack diamond**

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>5 5 5 5 3 1 3 1 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>11 8/1 A1, I2 11 25/35/+5<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 5, Close Combat 5 (Bite +2), Outdoors 2, Perception 5, Stealth 6**

**Powers: Armor 6, Natural Weapon (Bite) Weapons: Bite [Close Combat, DV 3P, 10/—/—/—/—]**
