---
id: WL-0274
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Antarctic Sculptors - (unclassified)
page: 135
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Antarctic Sculptors**

## **(unclassified)**

**I’ve been down to the South Pole plenty of times and a completely new breed is rarely discovered, but often a species appears and shows enough shared traits that you want to know exactly where this thing came from.**

**Thus it is with the antarctic sculptor. We’ll start with the name and point out this creature is not a skilled artist; rather, it holds a power similar to petrifcation but with ice as the fnal material. Initial investigations expected a medusa or gorgon of**

**the antarctic continent, but no luck. In fact, much of the initial investigation was fruitless. Attacks would only occur in the dark of night, and the victim was usually alone. Those who were not alone were usually accompanying a fgure who was well beyond standard inebriation.**

**I leaned toward some form of serial predator or serial killer potential, but the icing and serious lack of a candidate pool make that uncommon. It wasn’t until I was fying back in from the west when we passed through a storm cloud that gave off an odd astral vibe. Nothing dangerous or we would have been warned off, but enough to have my mana sensors a little tingly.**

**Dangerous as it was, I did a little body dip. The plane was headed toward somewhere familiar, so I knew I could fnd my body when I needed.**

**I remember telling Xanthous, a student with me, that if I said anything other than “gnomes will someday save the world” when I came back, he should just knock my ass back out and bind me, just in case I was the victim of a wandering shedim.**

**As my astral form traveled, I dipped into the cloud and found it full of dual-natured beings. They resembled jellyfsh, and I caught a glimpse of some auras with similarities to the Amazonian angels. My astral form might be quick, but not quicker than all of them. I got lashed on the back, and gods be damned if I didn’t end up with a strip of frostbite on my back. This particular species works in groups and will come down as a small layer of fog that passes through an area, leaving every living thing as a beautiful ice sculpture.**

**Just to keep everyone from freaking out, these critters can’t leave Antarctica—in fact, they can’t survive temperatures above –10° Celsius. I personally think they are metaplanar, but I have not had the time or intestinal fortitude to try a research project with these things.**
