---
id: WL-0150
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Afanc
page: 75
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Afanc**

**With the Awakening, there was an explosion of animals that have a tighter tie to the manasphere of the planet. Sometimes that resulted in some truly terrifying creatures. One of those is the afanc (** _**Crocodylus cymri**_ **), which is an Awakened form of the American crocodile. This creature is mostly found in the tropical wetlands and swamps of the Carib League and Aztlan.**

**The afanc is slightly larger than its nearest relative. Males can reach seven meters in length and weigh 1,000 kilograms. Females tend to be smaller with a maximum size reaching up to four meters long and weighing up to 400 kilograms. The afanc has an elongated snout, with its ears, eyes, and nostrils located on top of its head. The upper body has brown-grey scales, while its underbelly is a light cream color. What sets this apart from its cousin is that the ossifed scutes on its back are blue-grey.**

**The species as a whole is known to be extremely aggressive and territorial, which peaks after the breeding season in the spring. This apex predator feeds on birds and fsh primarily but will wait near the shore to take down larger prey. Even sharks in nearby waters aren’t safe from the appetite of the afanc. The afanc will take down its prey using either its strong bite or a tail slap. In addition to these physical attacks, the afanc is able to use magic to drown its next meal, engulfng them in water.**

**After breeding, the parents will create a wide hole to house the eggs, numbering between thirty and ffty. Both parents will guard the nest during the nearly three-month incubation period. Once the eggs hatch, however, the parents go their separate ways, and it is up to the hatchlings to survive.**


## **afanc**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>11 4 4 10 4 2 4 2 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>15 8/2 A1, I3 14 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Athletics 4, Close Combat 8, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Dual Natured, Engulf (Water), Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision, Smell), Hardened Armor (4), Search**

**Weapons:**

**Engulf \[Close Combat, DV 6S (sets Wet and Fatigued I status),**

**9/—/—/—/—\]**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 6P, 14/—/—/—/—]**

**Tail Strike [Close Combat, DV 2S, 14/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [211 x 124] intentionally omitted \<==**
