---
id: WL-0278
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Alive.
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Alive.**

**It was at that point that I threw out my oath not to interfere with nature’s processes. I called up Brimstone, a good spirit pal, to do a little spider slowing while I headed out to spray them with the Slivergun and little fashes of my new fre-fngers spell. Minimal injuries as the research corp re-**

**quested but certainly some singed little silver hairs to show them who was in change.**

**It wasn’t really us. We were all playing such great parts on the team. As we celebrated our little victory, a second big one came along and proved to all of us we should have been the ones to run. I thought I had a way to deal with all of it, I just needed a little mojo boost from some mates. A quick head chat (gotta love DNI head gear) and we executed a sweep to essentially blow them back outside our perimeter. Problem was, big boy wasn’t fazed much by the breeze and ended up getting me pinned. An empty Slivergun did me no good. A little drained and a lot cold, I arced a bolt of lightning that coursed through all eight legs of big boy, and the rest did a real turn-tail-and-run this time.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|            |      |       |     |         |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---------- | ---- | ----- | --- | ------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| ice spider |      |       |     |         |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B          | A    | R     | S   | W       | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 3          | 4    | 4     | 2   | 1       | 1   | 4   | 1   | 1   | 4   | 6   |
| DR         | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE    |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 3          | 8/1  | A1/I2 | 10  | 5/15/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Close Combat 4, Outdoors 2, Perception 3, Stealth 4 Powers: Dual Natured, Immunity (Cold), Movement (Self), Natural Weapon (Bite), Pounce (must Run, successful attack causes Prone status), Venom Weapons: Bite [Close Combat, DV 1P (plus venom), 6/—/—/—/—]**
