---
id: WL-0268
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Reigndeer - (Rangifer tarandus tyrranus)
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Reigndeer**

## **(Rangifer tarandus tyrranus)**

**Frag that Rudolph song. I see a red-nosed reindeer, a.k.a. a reigndeer, I ain’t asking it to guide my sleigh. In fact, I might just guide it to being slayed. This twisted predator plays on its cultural reputation and the naiveté of children in order to acquire its food.**

**Let me start by pointing out this Awakened Svalbard reindeer has wings, a red nose, teeth like a canine, and is bulkier than its progenitor species. Its coloration varies by season, with a summer coat of browns, tans, and the occasional near-black. In the winter months, it maintains a white coat, but as the daylight hours dwindle, the coloration darkens, with the height of winter featuring a jet-black coat with silvery patches at the shoulders like a distinguished gentleman going grey. The same pattern marks their head. They don’t have the feathers of a pegasus or bird, but instead their wings are membranous. Not in a creepy way of a bat, though— more like taut fesh across the muscle-laden bones of a deer with thin fur.**

**Okay, it’s still a little creepy.**

**Now, let’s talk hunting tactics and how this amazing little gnome got himself into deep drek. A certain major shipping magnate hired a small team of runners, with myself included as a consultant and researcher. As of that date, not much research had been done on this paranormal critter. It wasn’t fashy enough. Back on track—according to Mr. Johnson, the reigndeer population had started targeting corporate employees, and he wanted their population brought under control so it would go back to its standard prey.**

**Funny thing about that. No one knew yet what that was. They would soon!**

**We took the gig and headed for Svalbard in the deep north of the Scand Union. I’m focused on the science, while the rest of the team is loading up**



**==> picture [526 x 18] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [170 x 165] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [170 x 165] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [170 x 165] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 361] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [170 x 166] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [170 x 166] intentionally omitted \<==**
