---
id: WL-0025
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Live with the Unpredictability
page: 15
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Live with the Unpredictability**

**You stand a good chance of running into critters in a security setup if you run the shadows enough, but it’s still a distinct minority of situations where they are used. There are reasons for this—drones and gun emplacements don’t need to be fed, they don’t wander off on their own, and they don’t leave drekstains on your shiny corporate foors. That middle one might be the most important (as annoying as drekstains can be), because when you’re guarding a sensitive point, you want your defenses to be where they are supposed to be when they are supposed to be there.**

**The purpose of a critter trainer is to make sure the critters do just that, but critters cannot escape being creatures of instinct over logic. At some point, that instinct might be triggered in a way that makes them deviate from what they are supposed to do. That being the case, it can be a very good idea to trigger the instincts that might make a critter go astray. Find out what the critter loves and what the critter hates, and then bring one or the other. Either one can work—attraction or repulsion can push the critter out of its appointed spot.**

- **The classic version of this is throwing red meat to a guard dog. It’s terribly sick, but a lot of trainers have taken to giving their critters a taste for metahuman flesh over more conventional meat in order to avoid distractions of this nature. Don’t ask how they do this.**

- **G-Nome**

- **And they call us monsters.**

- **Hannibelle**
