---
id: WL-0075
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: (Lynx avalanchus)
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **(Lynx avalanchus)**

**The avalanche lynx is an Awakened subspecies of the Eurasian lynx. It is easily recognizable upon close inspection, as it is a lion-size lynx with massive paws. Its fur is a blend of earth tones on a base of white that is perpetually covered in a layer of frost with icicles dangling from its torso. I have had several encounters with them during my research but the most memorable was nearly an end to my earthly existence.**

**I used the last bits of reserve battery to rotate the exit hatch so I could align the door with a potential way out, and I then started the long climb back to the dim light above.**

**Subsequent research visits have proven less dire but no less problematic in creating a valid reason to protect this species from the corporate-sponsored hunts that threaten its continued existence. The “natural” disasters they create prove consistently damaging to corporate and private properties, keeping them from any form of legal protection.**

**Oh, I remember it like it was yesterday. Waking up, battered but alive, in my Evo Baller. The little motorized hamster ball was such a great off-roader and the perfect vehicle from which to work on my research among the sharpest peaks of the central Rockies. Or so I had felt, until I lay in the dimming emergency lighting buried under ghost-onlyknows how many metric tons of snow. Snow that was delivered upon me by the very species I was trying to research and** _**protect**_ **!**

**These hunts are thinly veiled as “property protection operations” but are little more than sport hunts and private hunting contracts. I have little remorse for those who take them and end up a frozen treat for the very beast they seek to slay.**

**The avalanche lynx is a remarkable Sixth World predator. In a world of razor-sharp teeth and fesh-rending talons, this insidious beast uses some kind of inherent knowledge of geology and physics alongside its power to manipulate snow and rock to drop avalanches on its prey.**

**My condolences to any runner who has lost a friend in this way, but as all urban predators are wise to remember, the top of the food chain varies by the biome.**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**This species also uses its powers of earth manipulation to create complex and confusing ice caverns and earth tunnels to hide its den, making hunting it in that fashion problematic as well. Not to mention their habit of creating a direct exit for themselves rather than traversing their own creations. These passages are often unstable and again lead to injuries, deaths, and property damage as they collapse and crumble.**

- **The contracts G-Nome mentions are regularly available and have been open and active for several years now. They’re only a week long, though. They’re rather unique in that you have to “buy” the contract. The purchase is actually worded as a property-access permit for any of the hunting that might cross onto corporate property. It’s usually about a thousand nuyen, but the bounty on an avalanche lynx is 25k. The ratio of collections to forfeitures is stunningly one -sided, though, so most of the corps pay for any bounty with the cash collected from over-eager hunters.**

- **Ecotope**

- **Those property access permits are a handy purchase if you get a gig to go after an installation up in the mountains. It’s not a free pass, but it’s usually a one-shot get-out-of-jail-free card if they catch you during your insertion or initial recon.**

- **Mika**

- **There is an opportunity for anyone who wants to try a live capture. Most of the big names in paracritter research have a 100k live bounty on this species. Based on the limited info out there, no one has managed it. I was part of a team that managed to track and tranq one, but no one knew the dosage to keep it down, and it stripped the road from underneath the rig that was holding it and sent it tumbling 300 meters down a valley. We tried to minimize our losses and at least collect on a corpse, but it survived the tumble down the mountain and dug itself a hidey-hole we weren’t willing to venture into.**

- **Balladeer**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| -------------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| avalanche lynx |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B              | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 8              | 5    | 5     | 7   | 4        | 2   | 6   | 3   | 4   | 6   | 6   |
| DR             | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 10             | 11/2 | A1/I3 | 12  | 10/20/+3 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 4, Athletics 5, Close Combat 6, Engineering 4, Outdoors 8, Perception 6, Stealth 6**

**Powers: Armor 2, Dual Natured, Elemental Attack (Cold), Enhanced Senses, Immunity (Cold), Natural Weapon, Quake Weaknesses: Vulnerability (Fire)**

**Weapons:**

**Claws/Bite [Close Combat, DV 4P, 12/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 119] intentionally omitted \<==**
