---
id: WL-0345
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Incubus - (Incubus praetexti)
page: 170
authority_level: 2
tags:
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Incubus**

## **(Incubus praetexti)**

**The incubus is a carnivorous critter that lurks in subterranean locations such as sewers and subway tunnels. It was frst discovered in Europe but has been seen in cities around the world. All incubuses are nocturnal and allergic to sunlight. As they age, they grow larger and overcome some of their aversion to daylight.**

**An incubus is an urban predator that resembles a large, land-dwelling octopus. Its soft body grows up to a meter long, and the span of its tentacles (from tip to tip) can exceed 3.2 meters. When cautious, the creature changes to a light grey speckled with black; when enraged or hunting, it becomes bright red. The incubus’ eyes are larger (proportionately) than the octopus’ and look disturbingly human. On the creature’s ventral side, set among the tentacle’s roots, is a large, powerful beak, similar to an octopus’.**

**Due to its slow movement rate, an incubus depends on its prey coming to it. That is why their hunting grounds are usually near well-traffcked areas such as dark alleys, dense forests, utility tunnels, derelict buildings, and natural caves. Once in a suitable location, it will use its ability to read minds to pick its target. The incubus then creates illusions that perfectly match the prey’s innermost desires, mesmerizing them while it closes in for the kill.**



**==> picture [204 x 211] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [204 x 211] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [19 x 13] intentionally omitted \<==**
