---
id: WL-0181
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: // BLOOD MONKEY //
page: 89
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **// BLOOD MONKEY //**

**The Amazon jungle grows back so fast there were times I literally felt like it was closing up and healing itself behind me. All of this meant we couldn’t see each other, and we didn’t look like a clustered threat to anything. I probably looked like a little quick morsel, but I wasn’t the only one to get attacked. The pack split up, and several specimens attacked each of us, with the exception of Niche, who is adept at stealth and tracking. About fve monkeys came after me—they moved fast, so I can’t be sure of the exact count. It felt like even more, but I feel like eight could have done me in and ten would have been an almost-certain death sentence.**


## **blood monkey**

**==> picture [210 x 56] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                   |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ----------------- | ---- | ----- | --- | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| B                 | A    | R     | S   | W    | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 3                 | 5    | 3     | 4   | 4    | 2   | 2   | 3   | 2   | 5   | 6   |
| DR                | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 5/10/+1 (10/20/+2 |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 5                 | 5/2  | A1/I3 | 8   |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| Brachiation)      |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**I was attacked over two dozen times, and four of them got past my defenses. They had numbers and stealth on their side as they would bound in, slash from my blindside, and be back in the foliage cover before I could target them with anything. Niche saved my hoop with some quick and creative thinking. She slipped up close to me and dropped a big nasty ice spell right over the top of us but shaped it to avoid hitting anyone she could sense. It ended up doing a number on Clicker, our hacker, but Niche and I worked together to patch him up after we cleared out of the threatened territory.**

**Skills: Athletics 8, Close Combat 5, Outdoors 6, Perception 5, Stealth 3 Powers: Armor 2, Brachiation, Confusion, Enhanced Senses (Smell [Blood], Low-Light Vision), Natural Weapon (Bite), Paralyzing Touch, Secretion (Anticoagulant), Wall Walking Weaknesses: Dietary Requirement (Blood), Fragile 2**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 3P, 7/—/—/—/—] Fists [Close Combat, DV 2S, 7/—/—/—/—]**
