---
id: WL-0180
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Blood Monkey - (Ateles sanguine)
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Blood Monkey**

## **(Ateles sanguine)**

**I did some peripheral studies of the blood monkey while working a run down in the heart of Amazonia. We were scoping out a black site R&D facility rumored to be pumping pollutants into the river that actively affected the manasphere. Not a passive astral pollution like the normal emotional stuff but an active shift in the astral energies of a space. That’s neither here nor there but could be the reason that the monkeys were exceptionally aggro and violent when we entered their territory.**

**Standard blood monkey behavior is quite similar to their progenitors, the brown spider monkey, with the exception of their need for blood. The easiest difference to spot is the crimson of their fur, but this is only true in bright light. In dimmer light, shadows, or darkness, their fur can look dark brown or black and leave little to differentiate them from their mundane kin. Their need for blood is non-vampiric (i.e., not a result of HMHVV) and not a life force thing but an actual dietary need and nutritional defciency that requires them to ingest fairly large amounts of blood relative to their body weight. This is made possible by razor-sharp claws to make small incisions, a straw-like section at the center of their tongue, and an anticoagulant in their saliva. Their tongue also allows them to slurp up blood that spills and not just direct bleeding. Other than blood, the blood monkey’s diet consists of fruits, vegetables, insects, and small animals. Most of their blood intake occurs with larger mammals such as sloths, cattle, and the occasional jaguar.**

**They travel together in packs of up to forty individuals and usually attack with chaotic and overwhelming numbers using hit-and-run tactics if the target is a threat (like a jaguar), or they just leap and hold on for less deadly prey (such as cattle). Early reports on metahuman attacks were scarce, but as the blood monkey has expanded its territory, so it has begun coming into contact with more metahumans. This includes a few packs that stalk the streets of Metrópole and have pushed up those numbers.**

**Several cartel members were using blood monkeys for interrogations and intimidation, but that trend has faded. The untimely demise of Callia Coramos at the tongues of her blood monkey pack that turned on her has led many of the other cartel lieutenants to get rid of their pets in hopes of avoiding the same fate. While keeping packs of blood monkeys is now looked at as too risky, keeping a single blood monkey is the thing to do. I’m looking forward to the next cartel slag getting sucked dry to kill that trend, too.**

**Back to the jungle tale. We were doing recon and keeping close enough for comms contact but far enough that we each had to slowly blaze our own trail to avoid creating a heavy sign of our presence.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [239 x 200] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [239 x 200] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [69 x 432] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [239 x 202] intentionally omitted \<==**
