---
id: WL-0126
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Martichoras - ( Martichoras hastae)
page: 60
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Martichoras**

## **( Martichoras hastae)**

**I personally fnd the presence of this porcupine tailed lion in the northern reaches of North America to be strange, but who am I to question the Awakening? My description is a bit oversimplifed, but it isn’t terribly off. If a little kid were to draw a lion and then draw a porcupine at the end of its tail, you would get a martichoras. The quills on that porcupine would be poisonous, and the lion in the drawing would have teeth like a shark if you looked really close. The more I describe this, the more it really sounds like the creation of a kid’s hyperactive imagination.**

**It isn’t. It’s real. Very real. And very deadly.**

**Claiming territory across the continent, these apex predators are a danger to anyone trekking through the wilds. Usually found in small prides of one female matriarch and two to four male hunters, they reverse the harem system of their leonine progenitors. The males hunt both individually and in groups. Group tactics usually involve fushing prey toward a choke point, where their fellow hunters lie hidden and waiting. The males always bring their kills back to the matriarch, who gets frst dibs on the best bits. After she eats her fll, the males can eat, and after the males, any cubs currently present are allowed to get some scraps. Cubs in a pride are second-class citizens right up until they mature, at which point they are all cast out. Females are forced out to go form a pride of their own, often starting the process a bit to close to mum’s territory and creating familial squabbles. Males are sent packing to go live on their own until they can fnd a new female to accept them. Some never fnd a new pride, and many have been captured by corporate security frms to be “trained” and set to guard isolated installations. Early efforts in this training were hindered and failed regularly due to the martichoras’ inability to tolerate pollution.**

**Prey is killed via tooth and claw, never with the poisonous quills on their tails. These deadly little barbed spikes are used solely for defensive purposes, and anything struck with a quill is left behind and not taken as food. This is likely due to the fact that the martichoras is not immune to its own venom. Quarreling females will in fact attack each other with their quilled tails. These are large and hearty beasts, so a little poison isn’t likely to kill them, but it leaves a nasty enough reminder of why they need to keep out of another pride’s territory. The quill kill is also benefcial to security details, as it leaves a body behind to investigate rather than their security critter eating all the evidence.**

**As is the point of all my tales here, I have an encounter with a martichoras that nearly led to my untimely demise. I was working with a research team up in the northern reaches of the Tsimshian Protectorate trying to determine if the operations of**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**a corporation across the border were environmentally unfriendly enough to have seeped down across the border, because as everyone knows, pollution doesn’t care about politics. This particular operation and their runoff also did enough environmental damage to push a pride of martichoras out of their territory. The move sent a fairly well-established elder matriarch down into the territory of one of her more robust daughters. What would normally have been a simple ousting turned into a rather violent series of skirmishes between the prides.**

**I saw this as a great opportunity to capture footage of this rare event, and I left my research team for a short stint to do this on my own. I’ve done a lot of independent predator research, and I know how to keep myself out of danger despite my abundant near misses of the grim reaper’s scythe. You can actually see the footage I gathered on one of the Evo Earth specials if you’re interested. The vicious confict between the females was a spectacle to behold, and while I was focused on that, several of the males were vying for dominance nearby. Their confict was a bit more mobile, and a pair came around to my rear. I was well-protected in a nice armed hide strung up between several evergreens, but the males started failing their tails around. They don’t project the quills, but some will occasionally fy off with a good tail snap. While I wasn’t looking, one of these rare tail snaps occurred and sent a quill up into the hide. It didn’t hit me but instead landed on the seat in the hide. I was on my feet at the time, recording, but after the epic battle of the matrons was done, I sat down and got that quill jammed right in my rump.**

**Hurt like hell. Set me to puking my guts out and got me the attention of the male that had won the nearby confict. Clever devil found one of the ropes holding up my hide and cut it. The hide rolled sideways, and my gut juice poured out onto the ground. The martichoras took one whiff and wandered off to leave me for dead. A Detox spell and some uncomfortable rest got me well enough to return to my research team, who hadn’t even noticed my two-day absence.**
