---
id: WL-0110
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Wyverns - (Aleutoserpens pili melior)
page: 50
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Wyverns**

## **(Aleutoserpens pili melior)**

**Let me tell you, frst off, I did not fall prey to an Asian wyvern, or nine-tail fox as they are locally referred.**

**I was studying hunting patterns in a small pack, yes pack, of North American urban wyverns. This particular group were mostly adolescent aged and seemed to be banding together for many of the same reasons gangers or shadowrunners do. It was partly brotherhood and safety in numbers but also partly due to the collection of abilities. Among this particular quiver of wyverns were two Awakened, two Emerged, and four baseline examples. It reminded me of the gradual modern shift of the devil rat and its collection of species variations.**

**I, however, was unaware of the Emerged nature of the pair and found their trickery with my electronics quite impressive and entirely convincing once I could not detect a spell in use. Instead, they simply adjusted my video and mapping feeds to lead me into a trap. I escaped with my life but only thanks to a bit of fortunate timing, as I was in St. Louis during the blackout. The event sent the Emergent wyverns into a bit of a tizzy, and I was able to use their own inter-quiver chaos to my advantage.**

**Besides these urban alterations, wyverns have managed to adapt or arise across the globe. Obviously, I mentioned the Asian variety, the ninetail fox that has a potent shape-changing ability that allows it to appear as a beautiful woman or adorable young girl. The form is used to lure male metahumans to a nest of others where they are stung, paralyzed, and then eaten. Simple and brutal, but the wyvern has never been seen as a particularly complex predator. The most recent addition to the wyvern family tree is the arctic wyvern. This rather interesting variation was discovered by a colleague, Dr. Jim Greene (that’s how you politely credit others), while digging into potential connections between Inuit legends and modern Awakened species. The arctic wyvern is far more robust than its slender cousin, with thick layers of blubber and massive wings. The beast is likely connected to the Isitoq mythos and is frequently referred to by that name in northern tribal nations. Also noted in the research of Dr. Greene was the kongamato, or African wyvern. This interesting predator has focused heavily on metahumans, using the environment, especially rivers and lakes, as hunting grounds by dive-bombing boats to overturn them. Prey in the water are watched for signs of weakness before the kongamato comes in for the kill.**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
