---
id: WL-0118
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Scavenge Squirrel - (Sciurus legerus)
page: 56
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Scavenge Squirrel**

## **(Sciurus legerus)**

**Part of me wanted to name these things savage squirrels, but just because I had one bad experience doesn’t mean I should spread that kind of hate. Awakened from the eastern grey squirrel, they are abundant across the North American continent. As the grey squirrel is so common, their numbers are exceptionally high for an Awakened species.**

**When I frst started to look into them, I presumed they were an Emergent species rather than Awakened due to the perceived focus of their collections. The scavenge squirrel collects anything shiny and hides it with their food stashes. This regularly includes datachips and other tech. The initial attention given the paraspecies was directed and infuenced by corporations that had lost valuable items to the squirrels. It wasn’t until my contracted study that I came across their stashes and discovered a collection of items that were not solely tech-based. This included rings, watches, coins, and shiny baubles of all kinds. As I did my study in the wilds, it was strange to fnd so much jewelry and other urban artifacts. That was, until I discovered the scavenge squirrel is also quite the thief.**

**In national park areas or near small towns, these clever critters would play nice for food, and as travelers would feed them, the squirrels would rob them blind through a combination of mundane legerdemain and misdirection as well as a little illusion and manipulation magic. Several squirrels would often work together and then pool their collected goods.**

**Locals in the area had long known about these critters and often tracked down their stashes to pull out valuables to sell. Tales from some of these locals talked about early attacks by the squirrels after a cache had been pilfered, but then they learned if they left something in its place, the squirrels were fne.**

**I didn’t learn this before my frst cache encounter, and I actually took everything that wasn’t food in order to categorize and track acquisition locations. I had everything back in my motel room and I was done sorting, so I took the frst item, a rather expensive Vashon Island watch, laid it on my chest, and astrally projected in order to read the aura and potentially track its origin. I had two spirits on hand, a kindred spirit in the motel room watching my physical form and a spirit of air ready to help me do some astral tracking.**

**I got a decent read on an aura imprint, fed the sensation to Whithers, the air spirit, and off they went. I followed to lend a little aid and get a frst-person view of whatever Whithers found. I wasn’t gone fve minutes when I was suddenly struck with this sense of pain in my physical form. I couldn’t tell exactly what it is, but I knew I was hurting. I shot back and found Zenith, spirit of**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [73 x 707] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [216 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [216 x 213] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [216 x 107] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 11] intentionally omitted \<==**



**kin, pulling little squirrel forms off me and tossing them out a window.**

**Some were hopping back in and going back to biting my unconscious form, others were harassing Zenith, while the majority were grabbing all the trinkets I had taken and running out the window. They weren’t doing me any huge amount of injury, so I followed them outside to fnd more squirrels taking a hand-off, while others ran back in. There must have been forty squirrels working together.**

**Then I felt it. The searing hit of a grievous injury to my body. As I jumped back in, there was a squirrel on my neck, going right at my jugular. I mentally ordered Zenith to patch me up as I slipped my astral form back into my body and woke with some wooziness, a little pain, a lot of anger, and some ability to still cast spells without knocking myself out.**

**I helped levitate the rest of the stuff out of the motel room and then collapsed in the corner after all the squirrels left. Zenith apologized, as he didn’t see the squirrels as a threat to me until one went after the watch and then the attacks began.**

**Currently, they’re mostly part of object-retrieval jobs or pets for people who want their own little pet thief.**
