---
id: WL-0128
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Critter Corner: Martichoras'
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Critter Corner: Martichoras**

**a group efort, sneaking up on and surrounding the PCs or drawing them into a waiting ambush.**

**It’s time for another Critter Corner! I’m your host Mr. Johnson, here to tell you that you aren’t out of the woods yet. There’s a reason so many spooky stories involve the dark and untamed forest, and one of those reasons might just be the martichoras. These apex leonine predators are native to the forests of North America, though they can also be found in other parts of the world. They look much like lions, with the conspicuous addition of venomous quills on their tails. Due to an intolerance of pollution, they are rarely used as security animals and are usually only found in the wild.**

**One signifcant advantage martichoras have is their speed—they are capable of sprinting incredibly fast to close the distance and attack or break of and hide. Another advantage is their venom, which probably won’t be used against every target, as it spoils the food, but is likely to be used against the most apparently dangerous targets frst. Martichoras might begin with a hit-and-run attack, striking some targets with their venom and retreating to allow the poison to kick in before the critter returns to fnish the fght.**

**Martichoras form a matriarchal pride, with a single female leading a group of several males. They hunt solo or as a team, working to fush prey into ambushes. When hunting for food, they do not use their venom, but against more dangerous threats (such as armed metahumans)—apparently the venom makes the prey inedible, so if you get poisoned by a martichoras, you can at least be grateful that you won’t be eaten.**

**Martichoras aren’t popular choices for security due to their allergy to pollution, but more remote facilities located on the outskirts of civilization or out in the wilderness might make use of them.**
