---
id: WL-0290
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Wooly Mammoth - (Mammuthus primigenius)
page: 143
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Wooly Mammoth**

## **(Mammuthus primigenius)**

**Let me start this like some others have …**

**Long thought to be extinct … that’s because they fragging were! These reappearances continue to this day, even with the Awakening well behind us, and Awakened species that look just like extinct creatures continue to emerge all over the world. It’s almost like the amount of mana necessary to keep a species in full expression was gone and has fnally returned.**

**The wooly mammoth popped back up in areas of Siberia back in 2015. Shortly after the return, the trade in mammoth meat, bones, and most of all tusks nearly ran the newly returned species back to extinction until a rather creative pseudo-naturalist from MCT took a dozen pregnant African elephants and kept them in a biodome once used for climate-change research. By the magic of mana, eleven of the twelve gave birth to mammoths, while the twelfth spawned a bullyphant. A few more rounds of this, and numbers were back up.**

**The species never hit extinction thanks to their use by local Siberian tribesman as trained mounts and work animals. The mounts were actually used during the Russian-Siberian war and proved themselves as formidable mixed-operations platforms. They could haul trailers, and the Siberians built platforms and headgear for mounting weapons and protecting the mammoths’ ears from the sound and body from return fre. Best of all are the mage boxes they developed early in the days of spellcasting. The whole box was made with fresh**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**wood over armored metal slats and covered with a hearty genemod kudzu. Inside was one of those rare early magicians who had learned a few spells and not melted their own brain or gone totally mad (partially mad was fne). The technique is still used to this day with far better trained mages and regularly invisible mammoths!**

**I was doing a general assensing of a wooly mammoth that had demonstrated an ability to rapidly change its hair coloration, complete with “colors” that were beyond the realm of the basic visible spectrum. This makes them capable of masking themselves from low-light and thermographic visions by manipulating colors in those ranges. I was up on Vishki’s back—that was the subject—and discovered the next cool trick it could pull off: astral “camoufage.” It made an odd aura shift, and suddenly I was off-balance and falling. Didn’t even manage a levitation. Just landed hard, broke an arm, and then had to roll fast to avoid getting stomped on.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|               |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| wooly mammoth |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B             | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 12            | 4    | 4     | 12  | 4        | 3   | 4   | 1   | 1   | 4   | 6   |
| DR            | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 20            | 8/1  | A1/I2 | 14  | 10/40/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Close Combat 2, Outdoors 2, Perception 4 Powers: Armor 8, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision), Immunity (Cold), Natural Weapon (Tusks)**

**Weapons:**

**Tusks [Close Combat, DV 6S, 16/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 313] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [86 x 237] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 125] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
OCEANS, SEAS,<br>AND LAKES<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [69 x 169] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [393 x 13] intentionally omitted \<==**
