---
id: WL-0309
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: New Leatherback
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **New Leatherback**

**New leatherbacks (** _**Dermochelys novalis**_ **) are enormous sea turtles that can grow in excess of three meters in length and up to 1,000 kilograms in weight. Like its mundane relatives, the leatherback turtle (** _**Dermochelys coriacea**_ **), the new leatherback’s body is covered with a fexible carapace rather than a bony shell. The back of the “shell” is a dense, oily skin that assists the turtle in regulating body temperature. The carapace is interspersed with small bones that offer structure and rigidity. All four limbs are powerful fippers, which make the new leatherback a deceptively fast swimmer.**

**New leatherbacks prefer tropical waters but can be found almost anywhere. There is also freshwater variant (** _**Dermochelys potami**_ **) that inhabits the Mississippi River and the Great Lakes, as well as larger lakes and rivers of the northern hemisphere. Though it is confrmed that new leatherbacks are predators, as well as scavengers at times, they hunt small prey, as they have to be able to swallow them whole due to not having teeth to chew larger prey with. When scavenging, new leatherbacks will take bites, but it is not a behavior seen with live prey outside of very rare occasions.**

**It is worth noting that the new leatherback’s bite is more than strong enough to break metahuman bones and is quite dangerous. It is not, however, its primary defense mechanism—for that, they rely upon their magical ability to compel animals to swim as deep as they can. Against aquatic predators, this gives the turtle plenty of time to escape, but against non-aquatic predators or interlopers, this can be quite dangerous indeed.**

**The mating cycle of the new leatherback is slightly different from their mundane progenitors. Though mating occurs at sea, a mated pair returns to the female’s nesting beach together. There, the mother lays a clutch of more than one hundred eggs, which she promptly buries in the dry sand beyond the highest point of the tide. Then, for the next seventy days, the mated pair defends their nest against all intruders, primarily by compelling them to dive to the bottom of the ocean and stay there. This has caused problems, as turtle conservationists have been trying to preserve nesting beaches for decades, but where a new leatherback chooses to use that same beach for nesting, these conservationists often stray too close and end up being compelled into the water.**

- **I’ll say, mate! I’ve had a fair bit of business over the years keeping overwatch on nesting beaches. Gotta stay far away, though, so I often post myself up in the tree line and use Ol’ Bessie to discourage poachers. The problem comes when it’s not poachers but normal folks on a beach hike. Thankfully, most of the time nest watchers get to them first, but a few times that**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**ain’t happened before the turtles have forced some poor dumb fellas down to the bottom.**

**> Outback**

- **Wait, you let them get compelled?**

- **/dev/grrl**

- **Sure do! I ain’t being paid to look after oiks. I’m paid to watch the turtles and make sure they don’t have any problems. Let them gap-year wazzers get up close and personal.**

- **Outback**

- **Hmmm, this gives me a great idea for a field trip.**

- **Canis**

- **Ghost, he’s going to make us get compelled isn’t he.**

- **Torch**

- **Yes, yes he is. Unless you resist it.**

- **Exile**


## **new leatherback**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>8 3 3 6 4 2 3 4 5 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>13 6/1 A1, I2 12 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 5, Close Combat 5, Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 2, Sorcery 4**

**Powers: Armor 5, Compulsion, Magical Guard (Self), Movement, Natural Weapon (Bite)**

**Weakness: Vulnerability (Mercury)**

**Weapons: Bite [Close Combat, DV 3P, 9/—/—/—/—]**
