---
id: WL-0239
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Combat Wombat - (Vombatus combatus)
page: 117
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Combat Wombat**

**==> picture [18 x 384] intentionally omitted \<==**

## **(Vombatus combatus)**

**Including an attempted feeding on a certain gnome! I was doing research on the stingwing, moving between some colonies at night, when I needed to free up some bladder space. I have a rig in my hamster ball for pissing on the go, but I wanted a little fresh air and a leg stretch as well, so I stopped and popped out.**

**I initially began my research on this species as an amusement. It seemed an odd Awakening that many in my feld speculated had a connection not to old myth or legend but modern misconceptions of the mundane wombat and the rhyming scheme of its name in English.**

**Let me tell you, there is nothing like the fresh night air of the desert. That’s especially true after a few hours cramped in the hamster ball. It’s crisp, clean, dry, and you can catch the subtle hints of anything nearby. I had stopped near a small stand of large rocks, and among them was a patch of blooming desert lilies. The scent was spectacular. So clear and defnitive. It wasn’t blended with other fowers or even other local scents. It was pure perfume de lily.**

**Sure, it sounds strange, but as we have learned over the years, metahumanity and their beliefs often shape the mana and magic around them. The combat wombat is a six-legged marsupial that looks like a wombat and an armadillo got together and fed their offspring steroids. If the next generation of main battle tanks doesn’t have a combat wombat in it, that’s a tragedy of the modern age. Slightly larger than the average wombat, it has hairs around its neck, shoulders, joints, and head that are laced tightly together and hardened to form these dense armor plates.**

**What I didn’t notice, thanks to the angle of the wind and my choice of parking spots, was the pair of combat wombats that had taken up residence among a tight patch of the rocks that was slightly downwind. They caught my scent immediately and came to check out the potential for a meal. I was standing there, sprinkler in hand, when … BLAM … they hit me from behind like a ton of bricks. I was fattened!**

**After it originated, it migrated to the desert regions of Australia rather than competing with its mundane progenitor. Here it has fourished as a rather unexpected predator with an omnivorous appetite that includes the ability to eat cacti and other hardy desert fora thanks to its large incisors and apparent lack of taste buds or nerve endings in its mouth. As a predator, it also has large canines and a second set of incisors before getting**

**I suddenly had four legs pinning me down and two holding my head and arm to set me up for a chomp on the shoulder. I managed to get an Armor**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**spell off just as I felt one snap its maw down on me. Let me tell you, that armor spell would need a lot more oomph to stop a bite from this thing, but it slowed it enough that it didn’t take my arm off. The central and hind legs started to scratch and scrape, looking for a soft spot, then the second bugger came over and clamped its jaws on my wrist.**

**I was so surprised and out of it I forgot I had an escort. I had summoned up a pair of earth spirits to have around just in case, and one of them popped into my head while I was being chewed on and asked if I wanted some help!**

**I’ve got a solid rep with the spirit world and usually I can get away with asking for a little help. My spirit pals know I’ll release a service or two for the help. These earth spirits were serious curmudgeons (I’ll drop a comment on their reasons later). I asked for help, they materialized, and politely hoisted the wombats off me and held them while I stumbled back to my ball and plugged into a medkit. It was actually a pretty cute scene seeing this pair of six-legged fur and armor balls failing their legs in the air as the spirits held them.**

**I moved off a little ways and parked again, then went over to check on the spirits and the wombats in the astral. I gave another command to let them go, and the wombats tucked back into their rocks. I followed and found four young there. Glad I asked the spirits to be gentle. I have since done the basic research to snag the info above but still need to return to learn more about these fascinating marsupials.**

- **The spirits of the Australian outback have been treated extremely poorly by corporate teams out researching the dreamland. They hold the actions of those hoopwads against all of metahumanity. Unless you are an Aborigine, don’t expect any kindness from spirits here.**

- **Traveler Jones**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|               |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| combat wombat |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B             | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 6             | 4    | 3     | 4   | 3        | 2   | 4   | 2   | 2   | 6   | 6   |
| DR            | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 16            | 7/2  | A1/I3 | 11  | 10/20/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Athletics 3, Close Combat 5, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 8, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Smell, Low-Light Vision), Hardened Armor 2, Natural Weapon, Pounce (must Run, successful attack causes Knockdown)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 3P, 7/—/—/—/—] Claws [Close Combat, DV 2P, 9/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 102] intentionally omitted \<==**
