---
id: WL-0140
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: pandamonium
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **pandamonium**

**==> picture [210 x 46] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>6 4 5 8 3 1 5 4 1 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>9 10/2 A1/I3 11 5/20/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**to others with similar features, we might have realized that sooner.**

**Ha ha! Had you going! The piasma is a ferce predator, and it doesn’t play well with others. An Awakened brown bear, it adds quite a bit of muscle bulk and a thick set of tusks to its dangerous repertoire. They aren’t ft for training, but corps have been using them for zero-zone security, and it works out well for both parties. In most cases.**

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 4, Exotic Weapon 4, Outdoors 3, Perception 4, Stealth 2**

**Powers: Adaptive Coloration, Armor 3, Corrosive Spit, Enhanced Senses (Hearing, Low-Light Vision, Smell), Immunity (Pathogens, Radiation, Toxins), Mimicry, Natural Weapon**

**Weapons:**

**Claws/Bite [Close Combat, DV 8P, 9/—/—/—/—]**

**Almost getting killed by one of these is easier than breathing. I was trying to tag a specimen to track its migration and territory to compare with several other regional specimens. I had hypothesized that each piasma has a small section of its claimed territory that overlaps and is shared with another. This small area is a neutral space where the two creatures can come together for copulation, communication, or commiseration. This is not a widely accepted concept, with piasma being looked at as lone predators, but it has proven true on multiple occasions.**
