---
id: WL-0216
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: // AERIAL OSTRICH //
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **// AERIAL OSTRICH //**

**==> picture [204 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [204 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [204 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [68 x 317] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [204 x 141] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [204 x 36] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 25] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**er metaplane or the astral plane, as if they were a spirit. No other biological entities have similar spiritual abilities.**

**Let me diverge to a description. Picture a leopard, but instead of the standard spots, the spaces are flled with eyes. Not in such a way to make it look like some form of horrifc creature, but rather small gem-like “eyeballs” surrounded by various shapes and patterns of the fur to represent the variety of eye types around our world and other similarly populated metaplanes.**

**Each orb is different, and at times each offers a small window of access to another metaplane, into the astral plane, or even into a dark void. Some doctors, with Dr. Colbie Leach leading the pack, are proving over and over that this species is a living, breathing, eating metaplanar gateway, a pseudo-physical counterpoint to the Dweller on the Threshold. According to Dr. Leach, each eye can open to create a gateway to wherever it sees. Access and connection with specimens allow crossovers similar to the early work of Dr. Dyno Myte.**

**It’s a valuable tool for the corporate upper echelon that could manage to create ultrasecure meetings by opening access to distant planes or even those void points—if they are survivable. Capture and training are at the top of the corporate want list for them. It’s also at the top of the list for Dr. Leach.**

**I was working with Colbie, a skilled parabiologist and artist, when the subject we were patiently surveilling became the target for a corporate kidnapping.**

**While we had thought our presence well-covered, the leopard was fully aware of us (all those eyes, you kind of should expect it). When the team came for it, out of some sense of either benevolence or need to have food on this other plane, Dr. Colbie and I were shifted through one of the eyes and taken with the gateway leopard to a separate metaplane. At frst, I had thought he simply shifted us to the precipice of the Dweller’s domain, as it was simply a bridge and precipice, but as I gazed around, I noticed huts along the precipice and a wooded vale behind us.**

**I expected the leopard to head for the woods, but instead it prowled toward a cabin. Torn between protecting the locals and risking what could be our only way back, I could not strike out against the leopard and instead charged ahead to warn the family.**

**As I thrust open the door, I should have seen my frst clue, the handles were paw-shaped and set low, but to me it was just like home (minus the paw thing). In an instant, a black form was landing hard on my chest, claws digging in and full body weight slamming me to the hard rocky ground. Teeth bared, the beast growled and snapped until a deep gravelly voice boomed, “Leave it be, Ghork.”**

**It was the leopard that had brought us. He introduced himself as Seweshk, and he, Dr.**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Colbie, Ishka (his mate), and I chatted a bit to learn more about their kind. They were not the most loquacious, and at times it felt like having a conversation with Many-Names. They are a paranormal species. All of them can trace their line back to a mundane leopard before they were touched by the planes. For most, it occurred near major historical mana spikes. Their numbers are few, but they know as the mana well rises they will once again come back and act as protectors of the world.**

**During the last age, many of them were hunted due to the misguided notion that they were the monsters.**

**As demonstrated with us, these beings can make a metaplanar journey far easier.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
all-seeing leopard<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>5 6 6 4 6 4 5 4 4 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>8 11/3 A1/I4 11 15/30/+2<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 5, Athletics 4, Close Combat 5, Exotic Weapon 5, Outdoors 5, Perception 6**

**Powers: Armor 3, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Hearing, Low-Light Vision, Smell), Metaplanar Gateway, Movement (Self), Natural Weapon, Sapience Weapons:**

**Claws [Close Combat, DV 5P, 9/—/—/—/—]**
