---
id: WL-0311
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Storm Dolphin
page: 157
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Storm Dolphin**

**The storm dolphin (** _**Delphinus periculosis**_ **) averages almost three meters long and weighs seventy kilograms. Its dorsal surface is blue-black shading to gradually lighter colors on the ventral surface. It has a long beak with sixty interlocking teeth in its jaw.**

**Descended from the common dolphin (** _**Delphinus delphis**_ **), storm dolphins can be found in the temperate regions of the North, Irish, and Baltic Seas. They live in family groups of six to twenty individuals and feed on a variety of fsh, squid, and small crustaceans—diving to depths of 300 meters when hunting. Their numbers are in decline, as they suffer from a low fertility rate as well as a large proportion of stillbirths and spontaneous abortion of unviable mutated fetuses. There is a signifcant amount of evidence to indicate that these problems stem from pollution in the waters they inhabit. This means that storm dolphin females birth one child every two to three years, and they reach sexual maturity in four years. Due to confict with metahumanity, the life expectancy of a storm dolphin is ffteen years.**

**Storm dolphins are extremely hostile toward metahumanity. They often attack oil rigs, ships, and harbors. They approach under an unusual storm front that reduces visibility and use their Awakened powers of electrical projection to attack vessels and disrupt navigation. Storm dolphins can gather multiple pods into groups of up to one hundred members when attacking. The storm dolphins will drown shipwreck and crash survivors whenever they can.**

**Storm dolphins are highly intelligent, and they will sabotage vessels and stations by clogging vents, bending antennae, or chewing through or pulling free cabling. They have a limited understanding of tools, and they can fip levers or turn wheels. They are also highly sensitive and resistant to magic.**

**While many megacorporations still sponsor storm dolphin hunts due to the damage they cause, several eco-mentalist groups (who are as much a hindrance to proper research, discovery, and the wider goals of metahumanity as the megacorporations) oppose these hunts, often violently.**

- **Frag you, egghead! Your kind always think you know what’s best because you’re so much smarter than the rest of us!**

- **Ecotope**

- **No, I think I know what’s best because of empirical data, diligent study, experimentation with repeatable results, proper planning, and forethought. The most dangerous thing to one’s self and one’s environment is one’s own ego and emotions.**

- **Deep Six**

- **Also, you don’t find many academics shoving their world view down other people’s throats and insisting their way is the only way. I mean, I totally do all of that, but most don’t.**

- **Canis**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**do-like appearance. The shark’s eyes and jaw are both set behind and protected by the large brow ridge. A torpedo shark is also unusual in its lack of a dorsal fn. Coloration can vary from black to a pale blue-grey.**

**As of this writing, no fewer than seven expeditions are ongoing to attempt to make contact with storm dolphin pods. Several have encountered setbacks, but the work continues in the hopes of establishing lines of communication.**

**Torpedo sharks are solitary predators that hunt a wide variety of prey, mainly small squid and fsh. The brow ridge, however, is suited for tackling much larger prey. They also are able to move their jaw to stimulate the fow of water over their gills and thus do not have to remain in motion in order to breathe.**

- **“Setbacks”? One expedition was completely wiped out!**

- **Sounder**

- **Quite right it was. And the others have not had it easy, either. But they press on, nonetheless. Oh, that reminds me: Who within the ruling council of this esteemed assembly should I direct colleagues to for hiring “state-of-the-bad-hooped-art nononsense muthafraggers” for security work?**

**Like all sharks, the torpedo shark is drawn to the scent of blood in the water, able to detect a few drops from kilometers away. Upon arrival at the source of the blood, the presence or absence of other predators in the area, especially other breeds of shark, determines the torpedo shark’s next actions. If there are large predators present, the torpedo shark will often rapidly swim to its maximum speed and use its bony brow ridge to ram an opponent. In this manner, another predator suddenly becomes its prey. If no other predators are present, the torpedo shark will devour smaller prey or use its ramming attack to fnish off larger prey animals. Another torpedo shark is about the only predator that they will not attack. There are many reported instances of torpedo sharks mistaking small boats as predators and badly damaging them by ramming.**

- **Deep Six**

- **We’ll get back to you on that, Prof.**

- **Bull**


## **storm dolphin**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>7 5 5 8 5 3 4 4 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>7 9/1 A1, I2 12 20/25/+3<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 3, Close Combat 2, Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 3, Sorcery 2**

**Powers: Engulf (Water), Elemental Attack (Electricity), Enhanced Senses (Sonar), Magical Guard (Self), Magic Sense, Mindspeech, Movement, Sapience, Weather Control**

**Weakness: Uneducated**

**Weapons:**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
torpedo shark<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>8 5 4 9 3 1 3 1 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>13 7/2 A1, I3 12 20/25/+3<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Elemental Attack [Ranged, DV 4P(e), 8/6/—/—/—] Unarmed Strike* [Close Combat, DV 4S, 13/—/—/—/—]*\*

\***Note: Use Unarmed Strike for tail slaps.**
