---
id: WL-0122
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Drop Bear - (Phascolarctos hemolus)
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Drop Bear**

## **(Phascolarctos hemolus)**

**I kind of like the name, because it is exactly what you should do when you see one of these horrible little monsters.**

**Drop them. With extreme prejudice. No mercy.**

**And maybe even let yourself feel a little glee.**

**I know that doesn’t sound like the usual me, but some things are not better for the world or meant to be here.**

**These jet-black Awakened koalas are a blight on Australia. It’s not like they are some apex predator throwing off the food web, they literally drop on potential prey that happens to walk below them while they’re up in a eucalyptus tree noshing some grub. The problem is that they carry HMHVV. Sure, it’s the II strain, which turns humans to loup-garou, elves to harvesters, trolls to fomóraig, orks to grendels, and dwarfs to gnawers, but it’s a plague Australia doesn’t need. They have enough species that can kill you and don’t need metahumans getting turned Infected and adding to the collection of unpleasant predators.**

**Anyway, these omnivorous little bastards are more opportunistic hunters, but when the wrong metahuman comes wandering by and gets bit, they’ve got a lot more to deal with than a bloody bite. Thankfully, the drop bear itself isn’t Infected and doesn’t have any of the more horrifying powers of those stricken with HMHVV. They do still have that creepy adaptive coloration ability to hide among the branches and then drop at you and shift to look like nothing but falling black fur and razor-sharp teeth and claws.**

**This is how my horror started.**

**I was simply walking out to a research stand, my attention on the ground and foliage because we were studying an Awakened trapdoor spider, when I hear something rustle above me. One second it’s just the rustling, the next it’s a blur above me, and then it’s a black ten-kilo ball of hell falling at my**

**face. I gained a nice scar on my nose from a claw before I zapped the little bastard halfway back to Sydney with a lightning bolt. I was lucky it wasn’t the teeth, because I’d hate to be a gnawer.**

**These little blights have been getting worse and worse, with their numbers on the rise across Australia thanks to an Evo-promoted program to plant biomodifed eucalyptus trees intended to help rejuvenate mana levels in ebbed areas. The drop bears move in and breed like rabbits, but Evo leaves them alone because they’re not a problem for them.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
drop bear<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>3 3 3 5 5 2 4 1 1 3 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 7/2 A1/I3 10 5/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 3, Close Combat 2, Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 3 Powers: Adaptive Coloration, Armor 2, Immunity (Pathogens, Toxins), Natural Weapon Weaknesses: Carrier (HMHVV-II), Dietary Requirement (Eucalyptus) Weapons: Claws/Bite [Close Combat, DV 5P, 8/—/—/—/—]**
