---
id: WL-0202
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Talis Cat - (Acinonyx lycos)
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Talis Cat**

## **(Acinonyx lycos)**

**I haven’t done a lot of research work in southern Asia, but one species I put some time into was the talis cat. I have been intrigued by this unique shapeshifter since my early days of studying parazoology even though early research thought it was a cheetah shifter rather than the Awakened critter that it is. What makes the talis cat special is its dual forms. It can shift between a great cat form and a size more akin to a large domestic cat. Both forms have the same swirling black fur pattern with the distinctive “M” marking on their forehead.**

**Talis cats are social beings. They live in small prides with about a half-dozen members, all led by a dominant female. This family group is key to their success, as they can breed all year round and have litters of up to three kittens. Encountering a lone talis cat usually means it is a male or an adolescent female that has not formed or ft into a pride yet. When breeding, the males tend to be more aggressive, while the females are more aggressive during rearing.**

**Along with their shifting ability, the talis cat has a remarkably wide range of vocalizations, including the typical purrs, yaps, and yowls, but also adding whistles, chattering sounds, and a bird-like chirp. All of the sounds are used to communicate with other talis cats and as threat displays for rival predators.**

**They also make a great way to chase off a nosy gnome when he gets a little too close to their den when there is a litter of kittens around. I was trying to get close enough to get a count on them and get a rare chance to see which form they maintain as kittens, if they only maintain one. I thought I was doing a great job of astral and physical stealth when I got impolitely reminded that I’m not an expert in sneaking around the jungle. A smallform talis cat was hiding in the branches above me, an angle I wasn’t covering in my stealthiness. I heard a couple quick chirps, and then a trio of large forms slipped up out of the ground foliage ahead of me. All three started this series of dissonant sounds, and my ears just couldn’t take it. It was borderline painful but plenty uncomfortable, so I started to back off. All four stalked and intimidated me until I was almost a kilometer from their den before they turned back. It was a strange experience to say the least, and I eventually spoke with some locals about it. They said I was lucky and blessed by the gods, as most people who get that display end up a meal.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
