---
id: WL-0221
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Earthshaker - Fireball Ants - (Ceratotherium gigantus) - (Dorylus arcanus)
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Earthshaker**

## **Fireball Ants**

## **(Ceratotherium gigantus)**

## **(Dorylus arcanus)**

**It was so nice to see mother nature come back hardcore and give the remaining white rhinos a chance at success. Even better was the birth of the earthshaker, an Awakened kin of the white rhino that comes in at about twice the mass. It has massive clawed feet like hard stone, a quartet of horns, and a social demeanor that has allowed several African tribes to “domesticate” them. They are employed for heavy work when not being used to ride into war with neighboring tribes, local go-gangs who take the wrong dirt road, corporate forces who don’t realize that no means no, and government forces who think stating a claim to a place makes it automatically theirs.**

**Fire ants hurt. Fireball ants kill. They have two ways of using their namesake ability: externally and internally. To recognize a freball ant, all you need to do is spot their bright orange gaster (back end). The rest of the ant is a deep red, almost black. They vary in size from two to ten millimeters, with larger subjects packing a bit more oomph.**

**The external attack is quite simple, pretty obvious, and does not regularly lead to death, but it often inficts serious injuries. A swarm of the ants climbs all over a target and then a single ant releases a chemical signal. At that point a chain reaction of miniature freballs erupt all over the target as the ants explode. This is often inside armor, clothing, and the occasional orifce if a few ants can get into a nose, ear, or mouth.**

**The earthshaker is not limited to just the savannas where it originated. Several warlike tribes around the globe have bought and bred them in order to have ferce mounts that require only the fuel of the land. Since they are native to areas of limited water they can go for long periods without, and they have generated an omnivorous appetite to expand the food sources they can take in.**

**The internal assault is a bit more insidious. A swarm of ants will cover a target, but this time, rather than erupting into fame, they each inject a tiny amount of a mana-based explosive. Different ants will inject different quantities of chemicals. As soon as the chemicals reach a critical point, they initiate a chain reaction of internal explosions, rupturing surface tissue, veins, arteries, and occasionally deeper points. In this unlucky event, the fashpoint is reached when the buildup is deeper into the bloodstream and the explosion is initiated somewhere truly detrimental like the heart, brain, spine, or another major organ. The most common eruption events occur in the liver and kidneys.**

**This new dietary plan is how I ended up as a potential snack for an earthshaker while studying with an ork tribe in northern Africa. I was being brought to the earthshaker as a potential rider, but I was so small, the beast assumed I was its dinner. It kept nudging me toward a trough, and I was clueless. Then it gently bit into the harness at my shoulder and I assumed it was going to place me on its back. Instead, it hoisted me up and unceremoniously dropped me into the trough that was still flled with bits from previous meals that had yet to be eaten.**

**Fireball ants rarely use these abilities for anything other than defending their nest—from an attack by an anteater, for example, or by a local tribe trying to clear or reclaim farmland. Or someone who damaged the nest by accident through sheer bad luck.**

**Luckily, the handler spotted this and with a great laugh came over and gently tapped the earthshaker on the snout. He then helped me out and up onto the animal’s back without so much as a handkerchief to clean off the carrion I was covered in.**

**During my own freball ant misadventure, they cralwed all over me and, well … boom boom. But the freballs are still arcane in nature and a decent amount of counterspelling kept me from getting crisped. I still earned several burn scars but nothing out of the ordinary in my line of work.**

**Riding an earthshaker was quite the experience, as their name is well-earned. Their mass, the size of their feet, and the speeds they can achieve make one earthshaker by itself ft the name, while a group is like massive thunder.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
fireball ants<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>1 3/1 A1/I2 1 1/2/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
