---
id: WL-0298
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Abrams Lobster
page: 149
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Abrams Lobster**

**The Abrams lobster (** _**Homarus immanis**_ **) is a crustacean with a hard blue-green exoskeleton. Growing to an overall length of 1.5 meters, they can weigh over 100 kilograms. The frst pair of its legs develops into intimidating claws approaching ffty centimeters long while the other legs are used for walking along the ocean bottom or short distances out of water. Their powerful abdomen is tipped with a tail that propels it through the water to quickly escape danger.**

- **A 100-kilogram lobster … I’ll take two! Along with a kilogram of French fries and a liter of tartar sauce.**

- **Gundark**

- **A word of warning for those allergic to shellfish: Abrams lobsters cause a more severe histamine reaction than any other known species of crustacean. The reason behind this is still being studied, but it is a known phenomenon.**

- **Galen**

- **Good to know. Thanks, Doc.**

- **Glitch**

**Abrams lobsters are carnivorous, with their typical diet consisting of fsh, crustaceans, octopuses, or other bottom-dwelling invertebrates. Most frighteningly of all, abrams lobsters have been known to come on shore to hunt birds and small mammals, scavenge eggs, or eat generally anything small enough for them to kill. These creatures are very single-minded and highly opportunistic, so anything that gets between them and their goal can easily be attacked. It is quite common for abrams lobsters to be a nuisance to metahuman bathers and divers who are between it and food.**

**This is doubly troubling during spawning season, as the normally solitary abrams lobsters form a caravan of up to twenty individuals as they migrate to their spawning grounds. Due to their singlemindedness, the lobsters will often cut buoy lines, nets, lobster pots—basically anything they**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [594 x 9] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 241] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 241] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [211 x 206] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [143 x 41] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// ABRAMS LOBSTER //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**fnd on the sea foor that is in their way. This includes bottom-feeding sea life; in a few snips, the caravan of lobsters will incapacitate or kill whatever it is that intruded on them, and then they will descend on the corpse and strip it to the bone in minutes. It is quite a sight.**

**last eight years indicate that the abrams lobster has spread more widely. They have also been seen in in the Arctic Sea, as there have been multiple recorded instances of abrams lobsters attacking narwhal pods in the summer when they are closer to shore, only for a gungir whale to deal with them. From the footage I’ve obtained, evidently the gungir whale is an effective predator for the abrams lobster. Some of my learned colleagues believe the gungir whale evolved partially to handle Awakened critters like these. Whether this is true or not, it is possible that the abrams lonster’s numbers will plateau, as aside from megafauna like the megalodon, there hasn’t been much in the North Sea that could successfully prey on this critter.**

- **After repeated Matrix disruptions to the Orkneys and Shetlands, a concerted effort was made to harden cabling on the sea floor as well as install “lobster bridges” to allow the abrams lobsters to walk over the top of cables instead of through them. So far, it seems to have worked, as incidents of cable snips have dropped dramatically.**

**> Ribbon**

**The abrams lobster’s life cycle is much like that of the European lobster until they reach maturity. From that point onward, abrams lobsters molt their carapaces once every fve to seven years instead of the one to two years for their mundane cousins.**

**The mundane progenitor of the abrams lobster, the European lobster (** _**Homarus gammarus**_ **), can be found in a much larger area, including in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, and Black Sea. Up until recently, it was believed that the abrams lobster was only found in the North Sea, but several recently discovered snips over the**

**At time of writing, landing a female abrams lobster with berries in the NEEC or UK can be punished by exorbitant fnes and prison time. If**



**this species has indeed spread, that may moderate somewhat in the short term. It will take a significant amount of time for lobster fshers and the rest of the supply chain to scale up the number of specialist abrams lobster tanks they have, as the creature’s strength is very high. Given their exceptionally hard carapace and extreme resistance to toxins, very little has been found that’s effective against abrams lobsters.**


## **abrams lobster**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>4 3 3 7 3 4 3 1 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>10 6/1 A1, I2 10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 5, Close Combat 5 (Claws +2), Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 1**

**Powers: Enhanced Senses (Sonar), Gestalt Consciousness, Hardened Armor 6, Immunity (Toxins), Natural Weapon (Claws) Weapons:**

**Claws [Close Combat, DV 6P, 11/—/—/—/—]**
