---
id: WL-0206
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Void Wasp - (Apoica arcavoidus)
page: 99
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Void Wasp**

## **(Apoica arcavoidus)**

**With magic fowing through the Amazon like the waters of the great river, the presence of a species that creates gaps in that fow wasn’t a surprise. Especially considering the number of these species that have been rising up around the globe. As the average ambient level of mana seems to keep rising, so too does the number of critters and entities that possess the power to vacate small patches of the manasphere.**

**The void wasp is a slightly bulkier example of the wasp family. Its body is primarily black but contains iridescent stripes along the head and abdomen. The wing color varies, with black veins running through the translucent skin when the wasp is not actively jamming the astral, and an opalescent glow within the veins when it is.**

**Like other wasps, they are social and hive based, with their hives usually built into the dead trunks of Awakened trees, especially the sangre del diablo. The abundance of these trees along the borders during the Az-Am War has now diminished, but they have been replaced by an abundance of void wasp nests. That’s like trading bad news for worse, because at least the trees weren’t mobile. Their nests are identifed by the tough black chitin from which they are built and the regular mana void that surrounds them. This void is provided by a small group of the wasps that each cycle through**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 232] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [71 x 397] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [493 x 166] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// VOID WASP //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**their power in order to keep it up. If the hive is threatened, more of the wasps will activate and expand the magical dead zone before others fy out and make it even bigger. During my studies, I once spotted a mana void that was close to a half kilometer across created by a threatened hive.**

**their void, pushing out in ever-larger rings searching for the source of the attack on their nest. A second hunting party was nearly killed by them, but in their escape they led the wasps directly back to where the village was.**

**The wasps came en masse to attack the village, trailing and pushing the size of their void ever larger and larger. The gnomes were mostly mundane hunters, and old-fashioned ingenuity and pure violence held them back and saved most of the village. After they were pushed out, though, I was asked to go and chase them down. I knew it wasn’t an easy task, especially for me with how much I rely on magic, but I felt honored to be asked. Turned out it wasn’t really an honor, but more on that in a minute.**

**While seeing that was scary, it wasn’t my fault, and it wasn’t what nearly got me killed. To pull off that trick, I had to be far more alone, as I was actually taking an extended vacation (lying low) and visiting a tribe of gnomes I had run across during a job. They were friendly and welcoming, and I truly felt at home during my two days with them in the course the run, and I promised them I’d come back.**

**Something about a group of your own people when you’ve lived in a world not built for you just draws you back. It feels like you’re part of something bigger, like a little nation of my own. It didn’t hurt that many of the tribeswomen were quite smitten with me.**

**Luckily for me, part of lying low meant a lot of the extra arms and explosives were left at my disposal. Loading up on big ordnance, I started the slow trek through the jungle. I couldn’t levitate my way in for fear of losing the spell to a void.**

**While I was there, the tribal hunters had crossed paths with a void wasp nest while out on a hunt. An errant arrow punctured the hive and drew their attention to the gnomes. The nest began to spread**

**Luckily, the hive was not too far. Unluckily, it also seemed to pop out of nowhere, since so many maps of the region weren’t reliable. I was partial-**



**ly lost when I came across several wasps fying in the vicinity of the trail I was following. I wasn’t alone at that moment, but my hunting companions weren’t savvy in the gear I had, so they were still relying on bows and spears. One of them seemed a bit overzealous and started attacking the trio I was trying to trail. The others joined in, and the wasps turned on us. The tribals fed, but one of them got jabbed. In their delirium, they confessed everything while begging me to save them. Turns out the tribal leader who “honored” me was actually ticked I was getting along so well with the ladies and sent me out on what he considered a suicide mission.**

**All that did was make me want to be successful even more!**

**I cleared out my CI’s system and sent him packing. Letting him know I would keep his delirious confession in confdence. Flying solo wasn’t the best plan, but it was better than having unreliable backup. It also let me change up my tactics.**

**I summoned a spirit to help me locate the hive, basically just telling them to fnd the void. It wasn’t hard for them, and I ditched my worry about losing a Levitate spell. Once I had the spot, I foated my way up out of the canopy and used a rather amusing grenade launcher to blast the hive from above. I felt like I was an attack chopper raining down fre on the enemy.**

**Until some of the survivors spotted me. They zipped up at my hoop, and I was hosed. I tried to book it and fght them off in the air, but I was no-**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**where near as fast or maneuverable. They got close enough to void me.**

**Spell dropped, and so did I. Luckily, I was over water and went splash instead of splat. A quick Oxygenate spell before I hit and a couple meters of diving kept me out of void range, and I swam to safety.**

**Got back to the tribe and I was a hero! Spent the next few weeks being idolized before I had to head home. It was probably for the best, as I’m pretty sure some of the tribesmen were plotting my accidental demise.**

**==> picture [210 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                  |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---------------- | ---- | ----- | --- | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| void wasp        |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B                | A    | R     | S   | W    | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 1                | 8    | 11    | 1   | 1    | 1   | 5   | 5   | 2   | 6   | 6   |
| DR               | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 2/5/+1 (10/25/+3 |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 1                | 16/2 | A1/I3 | 1   |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| Flying)          |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Athletics 5 (Flying +3), Close Combat 6, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Arcane Dampening, Dual Natured, Energy Drain (Magic), Enhanced Senses (Motion Detection, Smell, Thermographic Vision), Fear, Natural Weapon (Stinger), Venom (Vector: Injection; Speed: 1 combat round; Power: 10; Efect: Dazed, Poisoned (Magic)S)**

**Weakness: Fragile 8**

**Weapons:**

**Stinger [Close Combat, DV 1S (plus venom), 12/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 300] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 416] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [367 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
