---
id: WL-0212
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Bullyphant
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Bullyphant**

**(Loxodonta africana bulleus)**

**Studying a creature that has individual bones in its body that outmass me is an intimidating prospect, but after several successful projects in Africa, I was hired by one of the Big Ten to study this interesting pachyderm, and the money was right for the risk. It was during this research that I nearly died, but before we get to that story, I feel a primer of information on the bullyphant is necessary.**

**Physically, this paracritter is easy to distinguish**


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [595 x 325] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// BULLYPHANT //<br>the tree I had been in. I was suddenly surround-<br>ed by leaves, splinters, and branches shooting past<br>me. Several managed to hit me, and I barely held<br>my focus on my spell. 105<br>Once the bullyphant was clear of me, I got my<br>wits about me, wrapped myself in a nice invisibil-<br>ity spell, and followed behind. The massive beast<br>ran straight into a small camp covered in camou-<br>fage netting. Along with smashing everything in<br>the camp, it killed all the poachers there, including<br>chasing several down and stomping through four<br>hides that I hadn’t the slightest clue were there.<br>Along with my close encounter with the after-<br>life, this was the closest I got to a specimen and the<br>only eyewitness encounter I had of an attack.<br>bullyphant<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>18 3 3 30 4 2 8 6 2 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>32 11/1 A1, I2 17 10/20/+1<br>Skills: Athletics 7 (Running +2), Close Combat 8, Infuence 6 (Intimidationuence 6 (Intimidation<br>+2), Outdoors 7, Perception 8<br>SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 7 (Running +2), Close Combat 8, Infuence 6 (Intimidationuence 6 (Intimidation +2), Outdoors 7, Perception 8 Powers: Armor 8, Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision), Hardened Armor 6, Natural Weapon**

**With this unique protective behavior, most can quickly see why Evo, the Big Ten member funding the research, wanted this new paraspecies documented. They had issues with a specimen that wrecked an R&D facility after an elephant walked into the electrifed fence. The fence didn’t have enough voltage to really do much more than startle the elephant, but it was enough to draw the ire of a bullyphant.**

**Weapons:**

**Tusks [Close Combat, DV 18P, 16/—/—/—/—]**
