---
id: WL-0297
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Kraken
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Kraken**

**Ah, the famous kraken (** _**Architeuthis megagiganteus**_ **). These beasts are enormous cephalopods (believed to originate from giant squid) that are most often mistaken for small foating islands. Its streamlined head and body can exceed twenty-fve meters in length. The eight arms are each over thirty meters in length. The more specialized tentacles terminate in manipulative oval pads that are roughly forty meters long. The entire length of all eight arms and the two feeding tentacles are covered in suckers approximately thirty centimeters across. Though no specimens have been captured alive, their weight is estimated at over 15,000 kilograms. A kraken is primarily white, but it can be mottled with blues and browns. Its head is armored with a calcium exoskeleton, and a powerful beak extends from its ventral surface.**

**Thankfully, kraken are very rare, but they can be found anywhere in the open ocean. The majority of sightings have been off the Antarctic continental shelf, but that is far from conclusive. They spend most of their time at extreme depths, so metahumanity knows very little about kraken and their life cycles. What we do know of their physiology comes from examination of the specimen that attacked the Ares Apollo supercarrier in 2048. Analysis of the creature determined that the kraken is the Awakened form of the colossal squid while having some physical resemblance to the giant squid. Additionally, the digestive tract of the specimen included a partially digested leviathan and parts of the Apollo’s hull. The most disturbing discovery is that the specimen was female and had over 1,200 immature and unfertilized eggs.**

**Despite being a deep-dwelling species, the majority of kraken encounters occur at or near the surface of deep ocean. Kraken will often seemingly mistake oceangoing ships for prey animals, pursue them, and then attack them. With the exception of military vessels, it is highly unlikely—even though**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**many modern cargo and passenger vessels carry some not insignifcant weaponry—that the ship will be successful in driving off a kraken. In 2081, thirteen ships were attacked by kraken, only two of which were not sunk.**

- **The MV Motoko was actually saved by a pod of leviathans that attacked the kraken. They succeeded in killing the kraken and eating it. From analysis of the footage recorded of the attack, the leviathans had sucker scars on them, indicating that this particular pod at least preys on kraken.**

- **Bubbles**

**Kraken attacks are on the increase—in 2071, there were six recorded attacks by kraken on ships, but in the intervening decade these have increased slowly year over year. Some of my colleagues in the scientifc community attribute this increase to better reporting and recording, but while I consider that to be a factor, I do not believe that the increase can be explained away that easily. My hypothesis is that conditions in the deepest parts of the ocean are changing. We know that leviathan numbers are on the increase, as are several other types of cetaceans. Combine this increase in prey with efforts to tame the deepest parts of the oceans by some corporations, and it is my belief that the staggeringly huge numbers of young kraken that females are known to produce are suffering less predation, which means more specimens are reaching adulthood.**

**We do not know what makes up the diet of kraken—due to the remoteness of their attacks, by the time a scientifc team arrives on site, there is almost always very little of the corpse to work with. I have, on several occasions, attempted to put together expeditions solely for the purpose of rapidly responding to kraken attacks, but it is exceptionally diffcult. There is a lot of ocean to cover and very few recorded attacks, making the resources needed for such an endeavor exceptionally high. Without a proper corporate sponsor, I do not believe I will be able to prove or disprove my hypothesis, as without knowing more about the diet and life cycle of the kraken, we simply cannot reasonably say why kraken attacks are increasing.**

- **Thankfully, kraken do not, so far, attack the largest cargo ships. The Ares Apollo that was attacked in 2048 was, at the time, one of the largest supercarriers put to sea. But by modern standards, she isn’t even close to the top forty. So far, kraken have not attacked any vessel more than 400 meters long.**

- **> Bubbles**

**==> picture [255 x 113] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|        |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------ | ---- | ------ | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| kraken |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| B      | A    | R      | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | M   | ESS |
| 18     | 6    | 5      | 24  | 5        | 3   | 3   | 1   | 4   | 6   |
| DR     | I/ID | AC     | CM  | M        |     |     |     |     |     |
| 29     | 8/1  | A1, I2 | 17  | 30/35/+5 |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Skills: Athletics 5 (Swimming +2), Close Combat 7 (Crush +2), Outdoors 4, Perception 3, Stealth 6 Powers: Adaptive Coloration, Armor 11, Natural Weapon (Crush) Weakness: Allergy (Sunlight, Mild) Weapons: Crush \[Close Combat, DV 12P, 29/16*/—/—/—\]*\*

\***Note: Maximum reach is 40 meters.**
