---
id: WL-0431
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Critter Gear
page: 187
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Critter Gear**

**Gear Harness: This harness must be designed to be worn by a specifc type of critter. Attached to the straps are various pockets, pouches, and other containers, allowing the critter to carry additional gear. If the critter receives special training to take full advantage of the gear harness, they may be trained to retrieve and stow gear from the harness upon command. The amount of gear that a critter can carry in their gear harness is based on the size of the critter: one item per point of the critter’s Body attribute. Only very small objects can be carried by a critter with a Body of 2 or less. Only critters with a Body of 6 or more can carry large**

**Modif ed Gear: Almost any piece of gear can be modifed so that it can be worn (and potentially used) by a critter. This includes contacts, goggles, and ear buds, though their potential applications are limited by the critter’s capabilities. Generally speaking, very few critters are capable of operating technology, and most lack the appendages necessary to hold or use most items. A critter could not utilize a lockpick kit, for example, but they may be trained to use a fashlight. Gear that has been designed or modifed to be worn by a critter costs ten percent more than its metahuman-use equivalent.**


## **Critter gear**

**==> picture [459 x 62] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
GEAR DEFENSE RATING CAPACITY AVAIL COST<br>Gear Harness — 4 2 Critter’s Body x 50¥<br>Light Combat Armor +2 6 3 Critter’s Body x 100¥<br>Heavy Combat Armor +4 8 4 Critter’s Body x 200¥<br>Hardened Critter Armor +6H 8 6(L) Critter’s Body x 1,000¥<br>Modifed Gear — — +1 +10% item’s normal price<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [103 x 485] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 216] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 216] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 417] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [433 x 133] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CRITTER<br>POWERS & RULES<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [386 x 4] intentionally omitted \<==**

**These are additional critter powers for critters i** n **thi** s **b** oo **k** , a **l** ong w **ith** o **th** er new ru **l** es re **f** erence **d** in the text.

**This power works against normal vision as well** as na **t** ura **l** an **d** augmen **t** e **d th** ermograp **hi** c v **i** s **i** on. It has no effect against non-visual senses such as sonar, radar, scent tracking, or astral perception. Some critters may have a version of this power that affects a wider range of senses; this will be noted in the critter’s description.
