---
id: WL-0344
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: GROT - (Didelphidae stans)
page: 170
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **GROT**

## **(Didelphidae stans)**

**GROT stands for grimy, ravenous, omnivorous terrors, which were the four most common words to describe them when frst sighted. Some UK Matrix star coined the name, and it stuck. A grot is a subspecies of the opossum family. They have a wide range of habitation including North, Central, and South America, along with Australia and neighboring islands.**

**As an adult, a grot will be 0.6 meters long and 5 kilograms. When not moving, they can stand on their hind legs, which gives them a humanoid appearance. The body and most of the head will be covered in coarse fur that varies in color from light grey to black, depending on its geographical location and environment. The arms, face, and tail always have a pitch black appearance. The face of a grot is very striking, especially when they are resting on their hind legs. Unlike a possum, its face is fatter and wider with a large mouth flled with multiple rows of teeth. Whenever light is shone onto their eyes, they turn red, which often results in them being mistaken for a stray cat.**

**Classifed as omnivores, they greatly prefer a meat diet and gain social ranking among their kin by taking down larger prey. This becomes an issue**

**when an aggressive grot attacks a metahuman’s child, which can happen when the collective, which could consist of up to twenty adult grots, realizes that small metahumans may not put up the same fght as smaller but more deadly predators. They switch tactics to target other children and family pets in the area, which is when the collective or passel will be killed or driven away.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
grot<br>B A R S W L I C ESS M<br>2 5 4 3 3 2 4 2 6 5<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>7 8/1 A1, I2 3 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Qualities: Functional Tail (Prehensile), Tough Gut**

**Skills: Athletics 5 (Climbing +2), Close Combat 3, Infuence 3, Perception 4, Outdoors 4, Stealth 3**

**Powers: Armor 5, Carrier (VITAS-IIII), Enhanced Sense (Hearing, Low-light vision, Smell), Natural Weapon (Bite)**

**Weakness: Fragile 6**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 2P, 7/—/—/—/—]**

**Note: A grot can perform a Playing Possum Edge action (p. 94, Firing Squad) at no cost and will receive two points of situational Edge.**
