---
id: WL-0314
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: // NEOGARGOYLE //
page: 161
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- cyberware
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **// NEOGARGOYLE //**

**==> picture [312 x 179] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [174 x 179] intentionally omitted \<==**

**amenities, it’s still rich in local history, which includes several museums and festivals. What drives Alice Springs’s economy (besides its rugged beauty) is its variety and the high number of deadly snakes. Because of location, size, and economy, this town can’t hide its barrens like large cities. As visitors drive to that posh festival or rare snake hunt, they will notice cellar dwellers peddling their wares on a street corner or drinking their cheap alcohol just inside an alleyway.**


## **Neogargoyle**

**Then we have Longyearbyen, the northernmost public town in the world. Located in a polar region, its population is in the low thousands—some of you wouldn’t even call it a town. It’s so small that the town doesn’t have to worry about hiding its cellar dwellers from its elite, because they all know each other on a frst-name basis. Thanks to satellite links, it has a very impressive Matrix connection rate and footprint, providing the town with many things you wouldn’t expect. Because of this Matrix connection, a common nuisance to the town are Matrix hares. In addition to the harsh polar environment, people who leave the city limits always carry frearms due to ghost bear attacks.**

**(Animalium lucfugus calcide)**

**Originally, the neogargoyle was misidentifed as a subspecies of the gargoyle. That misconception has been corrected, and we now know the origin of this critter is the common bat. It started with various species of common bats that attempted to live in metahuman towers and skyrakers but fell victim to a mutation. Other species have started to react to the plastocrete treatment used on skyrakers, and there are debates about why this is. Some people point to companies cutting corners, others cite the increase of chemicals in the environment or other environmental changes, while still others blame bites from infected bats. There are even cases of it spreading to other animals such as cats, dogs, and squirrels.**

**It is important to be careful in urban environments—in addition to critter and environmental dangers, they tend to have higher crime rates and more opportunities for accidents. Urban environ-**

**When frst afficted, the animal appears normal. Within the frst week, their fur will start to dull or**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**turn grey. In approximately a month, the animal will start developing calcium deposits, much like a troll, but these are cancerous lesions that continue to grow and cover its entire body. Within six months of the initial lesions, any animal that could fy loses that ability, and all hair falls off the animal, giving them a stone-like appearance. In another two months, the membrane of its wings dries and tears, while the fngers, talons, or claws gain muscle mass. During the time of this transition, if on an elevated area such as a building, the neogargoyle is basically trapped. Their elongated claws allow the neogargoyle to break through sheetrock and into ventilation shafts. Once inside, they scrounge for food and water. Between eight and twelve months, the neogargoyle loses eyesight and mobility as the calcifcation increases. This is when they become desperate and dangerous. They will chew through cables, break pipes, and even attack drones, trying to get at food. At this stage, the dermal deposits make them fairly heavy, generally double their original weight, though there are rumors of larger specimens. Being blind and starving, they can fall off buildings, into fans, or trigger security measures. Usually, death by these actions will come before the creature becomes completely immobilized.**

**While bats make up the majority of neogargoyles, there are accounts of other species exhibiting similar symptoms, often sharing a den. No one has discovered why neogargoyles gather together, but as they do, the group becomes more violent. It could be due to competition for resources like food, water, and shelter. In some cases, such as new construction, neogargoyles may congregate in large numbers, leading to increased confict and property damage.**

- **This is disturbing. Bats are not affected by many diseases due to their control of viral replication and dampening inflammation. If it is overriding their immune system, it may jump species to humans.**

- **G-Nome**

- **You mean, like SARS 2002-03, MERS 2012, 2019-nCoV, H37N11, EVD 2048, MVD 2055. What about how metahumanity anti-aging technology was only possible due to a bat’s autophagy and the maintenance of their telomeres?**

- **> T3chK1d**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [210 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
Neogargoyle (Bat)<br>B A R S W L I C ESS<br>3 2 2 3 1 2 2 1 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>1/2/+1 (15/25/+3<br>8 4/1 A1, I2 10<br>fying)<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4 (Climbing +2), Close Combat 5, Outdoors 2, Perception 4, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 5, Enhanced Senses (Echolocation, Smell), Natural Weapons (Bite & Claws)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 1P, 5/—/—/—/—]**

**Claw [Close Combat, DV 2P, 5/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [211 x 9] intentionally omitted \<==**
