---
id: WL-0031
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Acquiring a Critter
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Acquiring a Critter**

**Depending on the critter you want, you might be able to just buy one from a store. Almost everywhere is going to require some form of license, so you’ll want to use a decent fake SIN when shopping for critters. I’ll note that most companies that breed and raise critters to be a product sold in a store throw ethics out the window. If you don’t care, fne, but if you actually care about animals, you won’t give your nuyen to those companies. Not all of them are bad, but most are. Do your research if you want to make an ethical purchase.**

**Another key to good training is to take excellent care of your critters. This might seem obvious to you, but it’s also the thing that most corporate handlers get wrong—or, more often, it’s their superiors who won’t allow the resources to be used. Keeping your critter comfortable, treating them well, working with them regularly, giving them healthy food, and tending to their medical needs are all critical elements of critter training and taming. You can get by with packing them in like sardines, but it’s going to make them resentful and introduce unwanted behaviors that could be avoided by taking better care of them.**

**A much better way to purchase a critter is to buy them from someone who cares about them. If you know where to look or who to ask, you can probably fnd almost any critter for sale from an independent source. Some of these might be shadow contacts who won’t care whether you have a SIN or not, while others might be more legitimate business folk who will want to make sure they are in compliance with all laws and regulations.**

**Another way to acquire a critter is to go get one yourself. Locating and capturing a critter from the wild has the advantages of saving nuyen and avoiding legal oversight. The disadvantages are that you have to be able to fnd the critter you want in the wild, track it, and either tame it in the wild or capture it for later taming. That and wild critters tend to be more diffcult to train. The best option is to fnd a young critter, ideally a baby, and raise them to maturity yourself. Those**

**If you lack the skills and space to keep and train a critter, you’re probably best off not getting one unless you’re serious about changing your life. However, there’s nothing wrong with bringing in some outside help—especially when you’re still new at it. Depending on the type of critter you have, there’s almost certainly going to be someone out there who has expertise working with and training your critter companion. If you can spare**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [247 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 209] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
