---
id: WL-0213
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Aerial Ostrich - (Struthio camelus aerius)
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Aerial Ostrich**

## **(Struthio camelus aerius)**

**Whether seen from close or far, these odd avians don’t look like they should be capable of fight until they are in the air. On the ground, it is slightly shorter than a standard ostrich but with a more bulbous body that conceals its neatly folded wings against its actually narrow frame. Its ability to fy is actually arcane in nature, similar to that of dragons. The coloration is also a bit bolder, with blacks and browns replaced with vibrant purples and reds. In fight, they are a beautiful sight, as the wings appear refective.**

**I avoided the same ire in my studies but fell into the same category and came to the same fate as that R&D facility. I became collateral damage. The bullyphant is only concerned about the wellbeing of the elephants it protects. It doesn’t care about anything or anyone else.**

**I was simply in the wrong spot at the wrong time. I was watching the herd from a small hide. The hide was in a tree, and that tree happened to fall in the path between a calf that had been hit by a tranquilizer dart and a bullyphant that had been watching over this particular herd from a distance. I spotted the calf stumbling, and the thunderous pounding of the bullyphant at a dead run started only a second later. I turned my attention back to the subject of my study only to see “Bertha,” my nickname for this specimen, running straight at me.**

**While they are included in this biome, they appear in places besides savannas. It is, however, the only place they come back to for breeding, as they still interbreed with their mundane kin. Their ability to fy makes them a common sight in locations around the world, generally along the same latitude as the breeding fock they return to. From what I have seen, they follow the trade winds and complete one full circumnavigation every two years, at which time they land among their breeding fock, complete a breeding cycle, and take off for another two years, often with any new aerial ostriches born from the breeding.**

**I wasn’t sure if I was the target, possibly being spotted and blamed simply by my presence, but I knew my only escape was up. I stepped from the hide and cast my signature levitation spell and man, have I never felt like I was moving so slow! I also got a full grasp of how large bullyphants are as I cleared the treetop and barely cleared its head as it swung those hefty lower tusks and shattered**

**The importance of these birds to the shadows lies in the value of their feathers. They are used as reagents and in enchantments as well as being very**



**desirable in the fashion world as hat accessories. High fashion lines will often pay more than arcane manufacturing for intact feathers. A single aerial ostrich can be worth upward of 100k if the feathers can be protected during capture.**

**Occasionally, I need to make my own money in order to fund personal research so I’m not always stuck schlepping around the world being lied to by one corp or another about why they want information on a paranormal species. That is how I got in with a small runner team that had plans to make a big score collecting on a fock. They had done the research and been in their planning phase for almost two years, since the last time the fock passed through the Carib League, and they hired me at go-time for my parazoological expertise.**

**I looked into this species and found notes on their existence but very little actual information on them, as no one had done much scientifc research. That’s how we ended up going after the fock, and rather than successfully netting a handful of these beauties, we ended up getting unceremoniously lifted into the air with them and then dropped into the Caribbean Sea. I obviously protected myself from the fall, but to be levitated unwillingly was an unpleasant, unusual sensation. It also had me nervous they possessed more powers I needed to worry about.**

**That was not the case, and I discovered another difference between the common ostrich, which usually eats vegetation but will gobble the occasional insect, and this Awakened kin, which often eats the meat of creatures it lifts and drops to their doom. Even though they are not large, they can “lift” 50-kilogram prey on their own. Flocks working together have been seen lifting a 500-kilogram horse to its gravity-induced demise.**
