---
id: WL-0383
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Purchasing a Critter
page: 181
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Purchasing a Critter**

**If you aren’t up for taming a wild critter, there are other ways to get your hands one one—such as nuyen. Buying a critter might be as simple as going down to your local pet store, but only if you’re purchasing an animal that is commonly kept as a pet. Exotic, wild, Emerged, or Awakened critters are much less readily available—unless you have the right connections. Any mundane critter that is not typically sold as a pet counts as “exotic” or “wild.”**

**Most exotic and wild critters can be acquired through a contact with the Corporate, Criminal, or Street type. When it comes to acquiring Emerged critters, a contact with the Matrix type can probably hook you up. For Awakened critters, contacts with the Magic type are most likely to be able to help you.**

**Any purchased critter will already be tamed, but they do not normally come with any commands or special training—that costs extra. Note that the maximum number of commands a critter can learn is equal to their Logic x 2, and the max for special training is their Intuition x 2.**

**Critters of exceptional quality can also be purchased at a signifcantly increased price, but having a critter with the right positive qualities is usually worth spending the extra nuyen. On the other hand, you can get a solid discount on purchasing a critter with negative qualities. If a critter has both positive and negative qualities, each quality affects the critter’s availability, but only the net Karma bonus or cost is applied to their cost.**

**==> picture [219 x 205] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
purchasing a critter<br>CRITTER AVAIL COST<br>Pet (Mundane) — Body x 100 nuyen<br>Pet (Exotic) 4 Body x 250 nuyen<br>Pet (Wild) 4(L) Body x 250 nuyen<br>(Body + Magic) x<br>Awakened (Magic + 1)(L)<br>2,000 nuyen<br>(Body + Resonance) x<br>Emerged (Resonance + 1)(L)<br>2,000 nuyen<br>OPTIONS AVAIL COST<br>–5% nuyen cost per<br>Negative Quality –1 per negative quality<br>net Karma bonus<br>+1,000 nuyen per net<br>Positive Quality +1 per positive quality<br>Karma cost<br>Trained: Command +1 +500 nuyen<br>Trained: Special<br>+1 +750 nuyen<br>Training<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>


**mentations—or you can purchase a critter that has already been modifed to your specifcations. The available augmentations for critters—and their cost—can be found in** _**Body Shop**_ **(p. 133–158).**
