---
id: WL-0173
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Wangliang
page: 83
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Wangliang**

**The wangliang (** _**Mauremys mutica morbus**_ **) is a turtle that can be found in Southeast Asia. It’s named after the poisonous, three-legged turtle that brings pestilence with it, although the term wangliang is applied to a large set of demons, ghosts, and specters in the local language. The real-life turtle takes after its namesake as a carrier of disease that goes far behind what a mundane reptile is capable of. Due to visual similarities, scientists believe that the turtle is related to the yellow pond turtle (** _**Mauremys mutica mutica**_ **) and its Awakened cousin, the Lo Shu turtle (** _**Mauremys mutica chi**_ **).**

- **I know of some folks who have tried to breed the yellow pond turtle hoping to get lucky and get a Lo Shu turtle in one of the hatches. But set your expectations. It’s okay if you want to have a lot of turtles to care for, but there has never been a Lo Shu bred in captivity.**

- **Thorn**

- **I beg to disagree. Wuxing scientists have successfully done so. But they have created a lot of wangliang as part of the learning process.**

- **Lei Kung**

**The wangliang can reach a length of twenty centimeters. All three of the species have the characteristic yellow stripe that runs from their eye and down the back of their neck. The carapace of the yellow pond turtle is typically browns and grey, but it has blotches of yellow, orange, and black. Where the yellow pond turtle differs from the Lo Shu and wangliang is the pattern of dots and splotches on the carapace. The Lo Shu turtle**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**has a three-by-three grid of these dots where the rows sum to ffteen. The wangliang is similar, except that the rows do not add up to ffteen.**
