---
id: WL-0133
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Merlin Hawk - (Falco velox)
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- cyberware
- missions
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Merlin Hawk**

## **(Falco velox)**

**The most interesting stories often come from what should have been the most boring of studies. Sure, the information coming from the study could be super exciting to other parazoology nerds, but overall, no one really cares about the sapience and spellcasting abilities of the merlin hawk. I’m sure a few corporate scientists were forced to read my work and give their**

**Nevertheless, I’d like to cover it here because shadowrunners are a different lot, and while cor-**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**porate security focuses on repeatable training, shadowrunners are more likely to form a unique bond and treat a merlin hawk like a pet or even family. First, a few basics. The merlin hawk is an Awakened form of the mundane merlin and is actually a falcon, but poor naming habits aren’t what this is about. There are two distinct species of merlins—one native to Europe, the other North America—but the merlin hawk Awakened in both species at the same time. Coloration varies by gender and season, with the males changing from mostly blue-grey with a reddish brown belly for the majority of the year to red with a white spotted chest in the spring. Females are dark brown with a tan belly all year round. All have a strong eye-stripe that helps with initial identifcation.**

**testimony that the merlin hawk can communicate with them. The style is primarily pictographic and conceptual, but it is communication beyond that of a mundane bird.**

**Since this is about near-death experiences for me, but I wanted to include an update on the merlin hawk, I need to go a little off script. It wasn’t a merlin hawk that nearly killed me but a poacher who was hunting the nest I was studying. I was perched on a branch above the nest, monitoring and recording the behaviors of the young inside, when I spotted them. It was a trio of orks, all with modern compound bows. I’d read before about merlin hawk hunters using bows and willow wood arrows because the merlin hawk is allergic to the wood. The hunters spotted the nest, and all three took up positions around it to wait for the adults to return. I considered spooking them before the hawks came, but I also wanted to see how the hawks responded to the threat so close to home. As evasion is their usual tactic, I wasn’t sure how they would respond with their young under threat.**

**For those interested in raising and rearing a merlin hawk, know that they form breeding pairs and work cooperatively to raise their young and hunt. This means it is easier to work with a pair than with a single bird. In rural areas, they generally hunt small rodents and birds, but in urban environments they commonly take down devil rats alone and demon rats when working as a pair or small family unit. Hunting as a family occurs when the young are learning to hunt as fedglings—they stay with their parents until they are about two months old. During any normal hunt, the merlin hawk acts as a standard bird of prey, using its incredible speed, but if a hunt goes bad, you can see them demonstrate some of their special magical abilities.**

**I had managed to get an RFID tracker on the mated pair and knew when they were returning and where they were coming from. It worked well, as it put them past my position as they came in so I could potentially spook them if I didn’t think they spotted the trio. There were way too many ifs in the whole plan.**

**The pair came in and one of the orks lined up and got a shot off. I stupidly assumed the arrows were made of willow wood and chose to simply layer an armor spell on myself and levitate into the line of fre. I knew the low density wood would shatter against my spell, but I should have realized those high-tech bows couldn’t be launching pure willow wood arrows. So, I took a rather high-tech metal-headed arrow with a willow-wood-wrapped aluminum shaft right to the gut. It was not a highlight moment in my career. It managed to warn the merlin hawks, which then summoned some air spirits to harass and chase off the trio while they zipped around invisible and scratched and tore at their scalps in swooping fy-bys.**

**These talents include a wide variety of detection and illusion spells as well as an ability to summon spirits. This summoning, and even their spellcasting ability, is not like the arcane traditions we learn, but is instead an innate ability stowed deep in their genetic code. Their summoning of spirits is much closer to a small astral gateway that opens to the metaplane of air, and their spellcasting leans toward brute misdirection and threat detection rather than any nuanced planning of spells. The most commonly utilized spells are Invisibility, Silence, and Phantasm, but several other illusions have been witnessed. These spells are not used in an offensive manner but rather only occur when the merlin hawk goes on the defensive. Whether, as stated above, a hunt goes bad or they are the target of poachers, this is where you will see air spirits come to their aid, and they will use spells to evade capture and avoid injury.**

**After all that, the merlin hawks actually landed on a branch near me and acknowledged me while I went about trying to remove the arrow and heal my injuries. One of the air spirits offered to help hold my spells while I focused on healing and said it was an offering from the hawks. Quite the cool gesture and more proof of their near-sapience.**

**All of this gathered intel is thanks to the Society of Hawks in New York. They provided me with a small grant that I used to do my research. It was well worth their investment, as the merlin hawk is now protected as a pseudo-sapient species. Not quite all the way to metahuman rights, but a step in the right direction. Much of this status was gained by communicating with the spirits that come to their aid. These witnesses have provided**

**Be warned when bringing a merlin hawk around anyone with a compromised Essence— whether due to extensive cyberware, drug use, or HMHVV—they will get skittish and even openly hostile if approached without an avenue to escape. Though a well-treated merlin hawk that is comfortable with its handler can be an excellent way of detecting individuals with well-masked cyber- and bioware.**

**==> picture [490 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
