---
id: WL-0208
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: "Conway\u2019s Cheetah - (Acinonyx conway)"
page: 103
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Conway’s Cheetah**

## **(Acinonyx conway)**

**Let me start by thanking Clockwork for his suggestion to check on the “six-legged leopard” in Asamando, as it turned fruitful in many ways with my extended survey and study of Conway’s Cheetah.**

**As mentioned in previous fles, this specimen is hexipedal, can straight-line sprint 160kph, hunts with unmatched agility thanks to the extra legs and radial alignment of their paws, is highly intelligent and social, and is far more widespread than was initially thought.**

**It was a great start. As it turned out, that coalition was started by a trio of matriarchs from the Serowe mine group who departed Azania early in their pregnancy and ran north. They hunted along the way but moved as quickly as they could and fnally settled where the frst litter was born.**

**This spread was the focus to my research. I was making an effort to determine where the additional specimens discovered by Conway had ended up and how. I was expecting to fnd a lot of metahuman intervention, but rather I discovered a style of expansion not unlike an invasive species.**

**This is the pattern for all of their expansions and why now, after just half a decade or so, specimens can be found across the temperate latitudes of Africa, Europe, and Asia. I would not be surprised if an escape in North or South America does not lead to a similar expansion. In studying the Asamando coalition, I discovered a hierarchy in their social structure, which also played a part in their expansion. Once a coalition reached 50 members, the three healthiest females would be impregnated and sent off to the next place. The locations aren’t selected, it’s simply a factor of good traveling weather and speed.**

**Initial investigations located several specimens that had been captured and trained. A few by warlords as power-display pets. A dozen by a band of Azanian ecoterrorists using them as attack animals. A total of 37 in the hands of various megacorporations in research, security, and private pets. The largest total quantity were still wild specimens which now number nearly 15,000 by my estimates courtesy of a massive breeding spike.**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Local adaptations have sprung up, with a few of the Asamando cheetahs demonstrating more black in their fur. Due to their origins, most coalitions do fnally settle down in locations with some level of background count or radiation.**

**After my great luck with the coalition in Serowe, I was ready for more. The problem is, none of these creatures wanted anything to do with me. I tried to ingratiate myself to them with food and they ignored it. I spent a few daylight hours adding some large canvas husks to give them more space outside the sunlight. Not one cared.**

**Then I spotted her. The scarring in her fur was distinct and I knew right away this was the cheetah I had saved. I am positive she recognized me, as she pounced on me the moment she spotted me. The moment of identifcation was punctuated by two other Conway’s leaping at me as well. She got me down, I did not get back up, and the others circled a little snapping at her.**

**I used a homemade mind link to get a lot of what I know and a little of what was she was thinking in that moment. They all carry some slight bit of genetic memory and know what happened to their progenitors. They also know that their line only exists because of a rather twisted Cheetah shaman from the Serowe area. It was an interesting experience to say the least.**

**Mojo to bring back dead species, even if a little twisted, would be good money to the right market.**
