---
id: WL-0033
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Keeping a Critter
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Keeping a Critter**

**Keeping a critter means taking responsibility for their life. A trained and tamed critter depends on you for food, a place to live, and to make important decisions about them. You are in charge of every aspect of their lives, so don’t frag it up.**

**There are very few critters that are suitable for taming and training and also capable of surviving focused fre from a determined combat threat. Even if your critter has been trained and equipped for combat, they should be considered a secondary or support combatant. If you send your critter out to fght security guards on their own or use them as the tip of your spear, you’ll be using them as expendable cannon fodder. They’re great for backup, but they should never be your plan A for winning a fght. When you bring a critter along for combat support, keep them close to you, watch their back, and always make sure there’s something more dangerous for your enemies to target instead of your critter.**

**Some critters require very little adaptation to allow them into your living space, but these are much more likely to be pets than companions. A critter that’s going to be helping you out with your work is probably going to require a special environment of some kind, and one that isn’t going to be allowed in most leased apartments.**

**If you don’t have the space where you live, one option is to set up another location outside of your home—ideally, very close to your home. Depending on the critter, you might be able to lease space in a kennel or similar business—and there are some shadowy unregulated services run by criminal organizations to illegally house some of the more interesting and dangerous pets.**

**It’s also very important to be aware of potential astral threats or magical security, especially if your critter is dual-natured. You may be able to walk right past those wards, but getting your hell hounds through a magical barrier is going to be impossible without some magical assistance. If there are spirits or astrally projecting security mages present, your dual-natured critters may be helpless against them. If an area has a strong mana ebb or void, it might cause your Awakened critters some serious discomfort—especially if they’re dual-natured.**

**Some critters have unusual dietary requirements, so be sure to do your research. Otherwise, food for critters is relatively expensive. Just don’t buy the cheapest stuff out there—they are full of fllers and other unhealthy ingredients.**

**The biggest takeaway from this is that if you’re going to keep a critter, you should be ready for your lifestyle to change to accommodate them. The bigger and stranger the critter is, the more it’s going to cost you.**

**Be aware of your critter’s allergies, vulnerabilities, and other weaknesses. If the site you’re heading into is going to be particularly hazardous to your critter, leave them at home if you can’t fnd some way to mitigate the danger.**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [246 x 245] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [612 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
18<br>LIVING INSTINCTS // HOW TO WIN PETS AND INFLUENCE CRITTERS<br>SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [267 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [167 x 214] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 405] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [447 x 137] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
GRASSLANDS<br>AND PLAINS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
