---
id: WL-0163
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Heqet
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Heqet**

**Frogs are one of the most adaptable animals in the classifcation of amphibians. The heqet (** _**Hyperolius hqtyt**_ **) is really a great example of this fexibility. This creature is found in the wetlands near the Nile River. It is believed that this frog is the source of the biblical tale concerning one of the plagues of Egypt due to its ability to rapidly reproduce. The heqet frog is interesting in that in the tadpole stage of their life cycle, they feed upon the manasphere before changing into their adult form.**

**Like other types of reed frogs, the heqet has patterned skin and vivid colors. The pattern of** _**Hyperoliu hqtyt**_ **is striped with alternating colors of purple, bright green, and a light beige. They reach a maximum size of eight centimeters in length and a weight of ffty grams. During breeding, the purple stripes of the males fuoresce.**

**The heqet is a wonderful creature for monitoring the local manasphere. Observant magicians and herpetologists have noted that these frogs gather for mating in the month preceding an increase in the mana fow for a region. The reason behind this behavior is that while the heqet is a tadpole, they feed primarily upon magic in the natural environment, causing a mana ebb. The strength of this ebb is related to the prevalence of natural predators in the environment. During the early stages of the Awakening, when there were few predators, high mana ebbs were detected during these breeding frenzies. There are similar breeds of frogs located in other marshlands around the world.**

**The adult heqet is generally shy and feeds exclusively on insects. The tadpoles will feed on plants, insects, and on other tadpoles, but they primarily feed on magic. Once the tadpole’s magic is full, it will no longer continue draining from the environment or any unfortunate victim.**

- **I know of one corporation that’s used this as a means to torture Awakened people. They put them in a holding tank full of the tadpoles and drain them of their magic.**

- **Plan 9**


**with iridescent scales on top, and grayish scales along the belly. The shimmering scales provide excellent camoufage, as it can refect back some of the colors nearby. The creature has a neck that is nearly half of its total body length of twenty-one meters and weighs upward of 300 kilograms. Despite its long length, it only stands two meters at the shoulder. The head of the creature is quite breathtaking. While the head is small compared to the rest of the body, it is completely surrounded by a frill that stands out straight during its mating dances. The animal also has long whiskers that hang down from its snout.**
