---
id: WL-0243
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Stingwing - (Hadrurus Aerialus)
page: 119
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Stingwing**

## **(Hadrurus Aerialus)**

**I’m pretty sure this is the frst time anyone’s dropped a brief on these things, so I think I’ll give a bio rundown before I slip in to my tale of woe.**

**The stingwing is an Awakened giant hairy scorpion. They are easily distinguished from their progenitor species as they have wings and therefore exhibit**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [594 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [105 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [105 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [105 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [105 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 72] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [594 x 71] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// STINGWING //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**sue it if it fees. They aren’t the fastest fyers in the world, but they don’t have to watch their step or run around anything. An important point in dealing with them is to remember they are still an arachnid and not highly evolved thinkers. For a stingwing, food is food, whether it’s the coyote they stung to death or the stingwing that you splattered with a baseball bat. If it’s edible, it’s on the menu.**

**drastically different resting behaviors. While their progenitor is a burrowing scorpion, the stingwing has adapted to live in small clusters that rest on the underside of cacti and other large fora. They stack up during daylight hours and disperse at nightfall to hunt, like hard carapace bats. The only time this stacking behavior does not occur is when a female has young. As these live born young ride on her, a mother will seek out her own separate branch on which to rest. A fight of stingwings dispersing at sundown is both beautiful and terrifying, as these large insects have developed into group predators. I choose “group” over “pack” because there is no hierarchy or group mentality other than sticking near one another to take down larger prey.**

**That’s a personal lesson being handed over for good use, as it’s how I kept from ending up in a stingwing carrion pile. I was checking out a population in the Mojave when the wind shifted, and they sensed me. A fight of six came my way, and two managed to get close and sting me before I could mount a good offense. I couldn’t fry them since there were too many, so I had to resort to the slivergun. They’re not easy to hit (and I’m not a crack shot), but I got a good-enough armor spell on myself that I could let them land on me and then blast them point blank. After I shredded two of them, the other four went for their bodies and stopped trying to kill me. Their stings hurt like hell, but at least they aren’t super lethal. Much like their mundane kin, the stingwings’ toxin is only fatal to larger creatures in multiple doses or if the target is allergic. Stingwings are slightly more toxic than their mundane kin, don’t get me wrong, but a single sting is still not a threat even to an adult gnome.**

**A typical stingwing victim will not be consumed in a single night and often becomes food for other carrion eaters, who occasionally become more food for the stingwings. Several locations I have studied had a series of victims I was easily able to identify, which in turn let me identify the cycle that occurred following the initial stingwing attack. Attacks on metahumans are not unknown, but it takes a considerable number of stingwings to kill an average metahuman. Most metahumans are smart enough to run, hide, or fght back, though I personally recommend doing those in a different order. Stingwings are not particularly active hunters, but if they have begun attacking a target, they will pur-**
