---
id: WL-0299
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Devilfish
page: 151
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Devilfish**

**The devilfsh (** _**Mobula phobi**_ **) is a manta ray with an average wingspan of eight meters with an average weight of roughly 2,000 kilograms. Its dorsal surface is black with white markings on the ventral. It has a raised spine and a slightly elongated tail that is tipped with a venomous spine. They have two sets of sharp, tiny teeth.**

**The giant oceanic manta ray (** _**Mobula birostris**_ **) is the mundane progenitor of the devilfsh, and it was moved from the genus** _**Manta**_ **to the genus** _**Mobula**_ **after extensive genetic testing of the giant manta ray, the devilfsh, and the reef manta ray in 2078. It is not uncommon to see some texts and Matrix reference material still refer to the devilfsh by the old genus, but I hope JackPointers will update their knowledge bases and use the correct one.**

**Like its progenitor, the devilfsh is circumglobal and typically found in tropical and subtropical waters, both as solitary animals but also in groups of up to thirty individuals, often frequenting cleaning stations and mixing with other fsh species. The giant oceanic manta ray subsists off of flter feeding (composing twenty-seven percent of its diet) as well as small crustaceans, larvae of many different spe- cies, and small shrimp. The devilfsh, being signif cantly bigger, is able to take much larger fsh and crustaceans, though it does not have the ability to bite through the shells of many crustacean species that one might expect them to prey on. Due to the wider array of possible prey species, devilfsh in the wild rely upon flter feeding for approximately twelve percent of their diet, though they might subsist by this method in an emergency should other sources of food become sparse in a given area.**

**==> picture [36 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**In addition to normal feeding, which they do well due to their speed, devilfsh have another tactic for hunting prey. When they come upon a school of fsh, they will sometimes leap from the water and land on the school, stunning many of them long enough for the devilfsh to gobble them up. It was once thought the devilfsh used vacuum feeding, but this has proven to not be the case.**

**Their ability to leap from the water is one of the most remarkable traits of the devilfsh—they can reach altitudes of twelve meters and glide for up to 100 meters. They also are well-known for allowing divers to hold on to the front margin of their bodies, but I would strongly urge no one to attempt this when the devilfsh is feeding as they, unlike other manta ray species, have a stinger in their tail. When agitated or provoked, devilfsh will fail their stinger around. Combined with their ability to incite a fear response, an agitated devilfsh can be quite dangerous, including to small boats if they were to land upon them.**

**Devilfsh give birth to one or two young after a gestation period of fourteen months, though this is not a live birth as with a placenta, just the egg hatching within the female’s body and undergoing an additional growth period there before being born. Devilfsh offspring weigh ten kilograms at birth. These young mature over fve years, and they can live up to ffteen years in the wild.**

**==> picture [210 x 62] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|           |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| --------- | ---- | ------ | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| devilfish |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| B         | A    | R      | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | M   | ESS |
| 11        | 3    | 5      | 8   | 4        | 2   | 3   | 2   | 6   | 6   |
| DR        | I/ID | AC     | CM  | M        |     |     |     |     |     |
| 11        | 8/1  | A1, I2 | 14  | 20/30/+3 |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4 (Jumping +2), Close Combat 2, Outdoors 1, Perception 3 Powers: Fear, Venom (Vector: Injection, Speed: 4 Combat rounds, Power: 6, Efect: Nauseated, Poisoned 6P)**

**Weapons:**

**Slam* [Close Combat, DV 9P, 12/—/—/—/—]*\*

**Unarmed Strike [Close Combat, DV 3S, 13/—/—/—/—]**

\***Note: Use Slam for when a devilfsh lands on someone in the water. The slam also applies the Dazed status for 2 combat rounds.**
