---
id: WL-0258
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Greater Armadillo - (Dasypus major)
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Greater Armadillo**

## **(Dasypus major)**

**There are stupid animals in the world, and then there are** _**stupid**_ **animals. The greater arma-**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**against a random unmoving semi-truck. This level of stupidity makes this critter very unpredictable and thus extremely dangerous.**

**This is how a world-renowned parabiologist can get pummeled by the greater armadillo, even though he knew perfectly well that they were about as stable as a bag of cats in the heat. I was following a specimen for the fourth day straight, trying to get it to lead me back to the nesting area it had chosen. I kept my distance and had spirits keeping closer tabs, but the bugger just kept slowing enough to draw my tail in closer and then it would scamper off. I felt like it was playing a game with me. Problem with that is, I know they aren’t that bright.**

**Suddenly, everyone was yelling and talking about getting heavy gear on, with some kind of earthquake about to happen. I turned and looked back up the hills, and I could see it. I could see the cause of the low rumbling. There were dozens if not hundreds of the greater armadillos, each rolled into a ball shape and rolling hard and loud into town. This particular batch was not terribly dense, and rather than bowling into all sorts of people and buildings, they instead ended up rolling right on down the road.**

**They slowed to a halt and then suddenly started rolling back the other way. This time, they didn’t miss. Several struck buildings and began tearing into them. Several found metahumans and struck out at the staring fools before running them off. It was madness.**

**Tangenting again. I just want to make sure I’m crediting and acknowledging everyone. The roll of the greater armadillos kicked up sand and dust and grew to mask the interior of the rolling ball. At this point, no one knew what was inside and people start shooting. Occasionally a metahuman scream erupted, but most of the hits were the loud pings of hard hits on the shells.**

**Several of the balls cleared out of the pack, and all three slammed into me, sprawling me out across the hard pack. The trio then unrolled and rose up as if to attack something. I hit one with a quick lightning bolt, the second one fed at the sound and smell, and the third leaped on me and started to slash and rip at me. I was fully goosed on mojo as I realized I was sitting in a fow of mana. It was so smooth and easy to manipulate. I pushed the last armadillo off of me and then used the mana fow to fuel my efforts in slowing and stopping the wild ball of greater armadillos from further terror and destruction down the road.**

**While dumb, they are trainable, and there are a few sec corps that use them as additional security on sites. They’re mostly a deterrent, but when they get unleashed, they can be a terrifying sight.**
