---
id: WL-0245
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Aardwolf - (Proteles novalis)
page: 121
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Aardwolf**

## **(Proteles novalis)**

**These things are dumb, but that doesn’t make them any less dangerous. They are also invasive and successful, so brains are not necessarily what you need to take over a high niche in a food web. The Awakened aardwolf is usually referred to as the common North American aardwolf to differentiate it from its mundane kin that are native to Africa. This breed has only come about in North America and seems to have arisen from escaped populations of their African progenitors. The early hypothesis that they stemmed from a family group that escaped the San Diego zoo has been supported with some DNA evidence gathered by yours truly, but it is thus far insuffcient to make a decisive conclusion. What we know is that the southwestern portion of North America, particularly the PCC, Cal Free, and Aztlan, has a large population of aardwolves that grows with each passing year.**

**Physically, the North American aardwolf is larger than its African progenitor, standing just shy of a meter at the shoulder and weighing in at about thirty-fve to forty kilograms. Coloration is similar, with a dusty tan forming the base of the fur color and dark patches on the sides with a thick black stripe along the spine. Most of the fur is short and bristly, though a longer portion around the neck can be raised in a threat display. One of the largest changes in the NA aardwolf is the teeth. They’re longer and sharper than the African variety, refecting the difference in their dietary habits. The progenitor species is an insectivore, living primarily off termites and their larvae. The NA aardwolf is a carnivore. While they primarily prefer scavenging, they are also skilled hunters, typically going after rabbits and other small mammals. Usually operating in packs, they are also able to take down larger prey when necessary. They are fast and aggressive, focusing on ambush attacks followed by quick hitand-run maneuvers. The ambushes are made easier by the critter’s concealment power. A large group of**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**aardwolves will stand perfectly still (and be nearly impossible to detect) while a smaller group herds their prey toward them. Individuals will also stand outside a rabbit warren, waiting for a rabbit to emerge and then strike.**

**==> picture [36 x 696] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Rumors of attacks on metahumans are commonplace, and while I was attacked, I don’t think this behavior is the norm for two reasons. First off, I’m small. Parabiology and arcane research have not given me a lot of time to hit the gym and bulk up. I’ve met human kids who are bigger than me, and I’m sure metahuman children would be common prey for the aardwolf if they were off wandering the desert. Second, the NA aardwolf is usually a highly aggressive coward. This may sound like an oxymoron, but after some study it makes sense. The aardwolf will attack without provocation, but if they sense resistance or a pack takes losses, they usually retreat. This doesn’t mean they’re done hunting; it just means they aren’t going to go toe-to-toe with a strong opponent. They will use their stealth and herding skills to stalk prey until a good opportunity arises to attack.**

**In order for any attack to occur, you’re going to need to be out in the wilds. Aardwolves don’t come near settlements or just about any kind of civilization. This seems to be due to an aversion to pollution of any kind. This distaste saved my life when I was out studying the aardwolf and gathering DNA samples. I took a wrong turn and ended up smack in the middle of a pack’s den. They seemed as surprised as I was, and that gave me a head start. I ran for dear life. I knew I didn’t have a chance, so rather than trying to maintain distance, I chose instead to run for my camp. It was a regularly used location, and at some point someone had brought an old multifuel generator to provide some creature comforts. I hadn’t tried it before, but I fgured if it didn’t work, at least I had a nice spot to put my back on a wall and go down blasting.**

**The pack poured into the gully where I was just as I fnally got the old engine to crank over. Several got some teeth into my arms and legs a moment before the generator coughed a thick cloud of dark smoke. The aardwolves coughed and wheezed and ran out as fast as they’d come in. I called up an earth spirit to help me move by pulling the generator until I got to my hamster ball and headed off to safety. I had the spirit bring the generator back after I shut it down, though I haven’t been back to that location to see if it made it.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|          |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| -------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| aardwolf |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B        | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 3        | 4    | 5     | 3   | 2        | 2   | 4   | 2   | 2   | 6   | 6   |
| DR       | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 5        | 9/2  | A1/I3 | 10  | 10/20/+1 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 3, Athletics 3, Close Combat 5, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 2, Concealment (Self Only), Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Smell, Low-Light Vision), Natural Weapon (Bite)**

**Weakness: Allergy (Pollutants, Mild)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 2P, 8/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 16] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
