---
id: WL-0357
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Traptor - (Araneae ctenizidae urbs )
page: 174
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Traptor**

## **(Araneae ctenizidae urbs )**

**A traptor is an Awakened nocturnal trapdoor spider that is commonly found in southwest North America, Africa, east Australia, and Asia. Traptors take fve years to mature; once mature, they are approximately 1.8 meters long and weigh 12.5 kilograms. The younger version typically is about half the size and weight.**

**They are very aggressive, but their diet normally consists of stray animals or other wildlife that makes the city their home. Though rare, it is not unheard of for a wounded or starving traptor to attack a metahuman. These urban hunters will use a combination of silk threads and special sensory pads on their front legs to track their prey. Unlike their mundane version, they are unable to burrow, but they have adapted all the nooks, crannies, and crevasses of the city to meet these needs. They will hide within dumpsters, abandoned vehicles, or buildings. Wherever they are hiding, they build a camoufaged hinged door made from its silk and material from the surrounding area. The hinged doors can look like just about anything, such as**

**window air-conditioning units, vehicle doors or hoods, and building doors. Thus far, the traptor’s crafting skill is very impressive.**

**Traptors have several tools at their disposal to dissuade any would-be attackers. First, it can modify its borrow to provide additional shelter and protection. The extra protection can take the form of parts off surrounding vehicles or rubble from nearby buildings. If threatened, it will rub its legs against its abdomen, which creates a loud hissing noise. As a last defense, it will use its 0.4-meter-long fangs.**

**Generally speaking, the effects of pollution on animals can vary depending on the type and amount of pollutants present, as well as the species and its specifc adaptation and tolerance levels. The traptor doesn’t seem to follow this. No matter how harsh the environment, a traptor will increase in size and aggression. It will also start to grow quills or spikes from its body that secrete a sticky substance that causes low-weight items to adhere to the critter. In addition, the substance also increases its ability to mystically hide itself, making it less reliant on a burrow and more aggressive.**
