---
id: WL-0130
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: How to Deal
page: 61
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **How to Deal**

**Most martichoras will avoid groups of metahumans, though it is not uncommon for a pride to attack when threatened or if food is scarce. Lone stragglers are much more likely to be picked of, however. When passing through martichoras territory, which is potentially anywhere in a forest, use the buddy system and keep your weapons at the ready.**

**What Mr. Johnson (and by extension, the PCs) doesn’t know is what the facility is researching. The corp sponsoring this facility is seeking to develop martichoras that are tolerant to pollution. Unbeknownst to that corp, the person running the project is a toxic magician with their own agenda—to develop toxic martichoras. Fortunately for the PCs, they’re being hired to fnd out what’s going on, not to shut it down. If they can get in and out without having to face the toxic mage or fghting any toxic paracritters, they’ll get paid.**

**Martichoras are stealthy hunters, but they lack any Awakened powers that amplify their stealth, making them fairly easy to spot. If you see one or two, make sure to look closely in other directions as well—they employ clever pack tactics to mislead their prey and prepare ambushes.**

**When it comes to fghting martichoras, no special combat tactics or weapons are needed. They are vulnerable to modern weapons, toxins, and spells. It might take several solid shots to take one of them down, but they can be killed using conventional means. They do have a mild allergy to pollutants, which you might be able to exploit if you’re willing to stoop to such measures.**
