---
id: WL-0283
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Snow Moose - (Alces Arcanarctos)
page: 139
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Snow Moose**

## **(Alces Arcanarctos)**

**As the Awakened cousin of the Canadian moose, the snow moose is like the ork of the family tree. They stand between 2.2 and 2.8 meters at the shoulder, with a white coat marked by prominent grey hackles at the back of the neck. Their antlers, which are common talislegger targets, can reach a spread of 1.6 meters. The largest of the antler spreads are said to be the most potent. While the bone of the antler is the bread and butter of the re-**

**agent and enchanting arena, the velvet that covers them during early formation has its own place in the magics of the Sixth World.**

**The snow moose travel in large herds of between ffteen and thirty members. The females outnumber the males three to one, with the males acting to defend the females and the young. While typical moose have poor eyesight, the snow moose has excellent vision. Despite their massive size, they are stealthier than one would expect. With these enhancements over their mundane cousin, the snow moose has few natural enemies, primarily consisting of the natural predators of its non-Awakened brethren along with some of the newer Awakened predators such as the ghost bear.**

**Near-death is a bit of a stretch when it came to me and the snow moose. It was mating research and trying to fgure out whether populations could be maintained solely with the current snow moose numbers or if they will need to continue interbreeding with the mundane Canadien moose. The funding was provided by the UCAS government, and they wanted a certain answer. I’m never a fan of that kind of research, so in order to satiate my scientifc soul, I set a side project on the opportunity for potential domestication of the snow moose.**

**This research avenue found me drunkenly levitating myself onto the back of a burly male who was not up for any kind of domestication. I didn’t make it the rodeo-required eight seconds, but I managed to get batted eight meters into a rather deep snow bank. That one was all part of my own stupidity, both for what I did and for working science for a government that only wants the evidence that fuels their latest bill. Needless to say, I delivered the research results in such an assertively vague way that it worked for their bill and I still kept my scientifc integrity by being ambiguous and ready to accept potential arguments—as all good science should.**
