---
id: WL-0005
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted By: Moreau'
page: 8
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted By: Moreau**

**tion is that it gives me plenty of opportunities to** mee **t** an **d** wor **k** w **ith** s **t** range **b** eas **t** s. **I** seem **t** o **h** ave a knack for working with the weird ones. Most animal trainers don’t work so well with paranimals and technocritters. Over the years, I’ve raised and trained bandits, barghests, cerberus hounds, cockatrices, demon and devil rats, fenrir wolves, and hell hounds, just to name a few. And I’ve bred and raised quite a few more that just don’t seem to take to training so well. Unrelated side note: If someone ever tries to hire you to raise agropelters, shoot them in the face. I have some experience working with technocritters, though I must admit that my tenuous understanding of the Matrix and Resonance makes it a little more diffi cult for me to relate to them—I get along pretty well with mongrels and rooks in particular. And I get out a lot. Just because I’m a glorifi ed fi xer/Mr. Johnson doesn’t mean I sit behind a desk all day and hang out in bars all night (not every night, at least). My position gives me plenty of opportunities to get out in the fi eld and follow up on my interests, which

I sure seem to be spending a lot of my time writing up these essays for JackPoint these days. Not that I mind—it’s a nice break from the paperwork I can never seem to keep up on. It seems that if you live long enough in this business, people start to think of you as an expert with wisdom to share.

- Makes sense. Anyone who can survive more than a few runs is bound to pick up a few tricks.

- Kane

I’ve been so focused on metaplanar issues and the arrival of the Disians over the last year or so, I was surprised when Bull tapped me to write about earthly critters. It shouldn’t surprise me, though— run around with hell hounds at your side, and people are going to make associations. And at least in my case, it rings true. I’m an animal lover, and one of my favorite perks of working for the foundaLIVING INSTINCTS //


**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**sometimes actually coincide with my employer’s interests. It’s a good arrangement, really.**

- **What employer is this guy talking about? Who does he work for?**

- **> Sunshine**

**> It’s widely known that Moreau has strong ties to the Draco Foundation. He used to run the shadows, and so they tend to use him often when they must employ shadowrunners.**

**> Winterhawk**

**> So he’s a sell-out? Company man?**

**> Stone**

**> You could say that. But it’s not like working for a megacorp. The DF’s kind of it’s own weird thing. But it’s a good gig. Steady paycheck, good benefits, and I still get plenty of chances to raise a little hell. They don’t own me, though.**

**> Moreau**

**So now that you know a little about me, let’s get into what I’m here to talk about: critters. First off, why do you even need to know about ’em? You live in a big, fancy city, and your jobs almost always take place in urban environments. Well, I’ll tell you a little secret about cities: They’re just a different biome, with just as much potential for wildness and danger as most other places. Being in a city might make you feel more secure, which makes sense—it is a habitat designed by and for metahumans, but don’t let that sense of familiarity fool you into letting your guard down. Metahuman denizens can be dangerous, but there are plenty of critters that have adapted to life in the sprawl. Many of these critters are opportunistic or scavengers, feeding off of the scraps we throw away—or in the case of many technocritters, the byproducts of our technology. And then there’s all the critters we bring into our lives, most as food or security but some as pets or labor. As a shadowrunner, you can’t just expect to avoid critters by staying in town—whether its devil and demon rats in the barrens, gargoyles swooping in for a meal, or a wide variety of paracritters and cybered-up beasts guarding your target, you’re going to have to deal with them sooner or later. This is true in many situations, but is especially important when dealing with critters: the more you know, the more likely you are to survive.**
