---
id: WL-0378
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Locating a Critter - Step One: Find the Habitat to Step Three: Appease or
  Capture the Critter Process'
page: 178-180
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Locating a Critter**

## **Step One: Find the Habitat**

**Before you can attempt to tame a critter, you’ll need to fnd one somehow. Locating a specifc type of critter requires skill and a little luck—the Outdoors**



**==> picture [247 x 243] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [106 x 381] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 381] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [421 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 140] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 385] intentionally omitted \<==**

**skill, specifcally. First, you’ll need to travel to the critter’s natural habitat. This is the easy part, as the information can be discovered with a critter-related knowledge skill, checking in with a contact, or with a successful Matrix search. Getting there might be a matter of driving outside of the sprawl, or it may require booking travel to an exotic or distant location.**

**On each test, replace one of your dice with a wild die. If the wild die rolls a 1 or a 6, you encounter something dangerous—probably a different hungry critter, or perhaps a patrol searching for poachers or smugglers. On a glitch, you fnd the critters, but they are aware of your presence and may attempt to avoid you. Make a Perception + Intuition test opposed by the critter’s Agility + Stealth—increase the threshold by the critter’s Magic if they have the Concealment power. If you fail this test, you will need to make another Outdoors (Tracking) Extended test to track the critter again, but the interval drops to 1 hour and the base threshold is not increased by 1D6. On a critical glitch, you do not fnd the critter—if you want to try again,**


## **Step Two: Locate the Critter**

**Once you’re there, the real work starts. Tracking down a specifc type of critter in its natural environment requires an Extended Outdoors (Tracking) + Intuition test. The interval is four hours. The base threshold is determined by the critter type (see the Locating a Critter sidebar). Per the gamemaster’s discretion, if the critter is particularly rare, hard to fnd, or nearly extinct, the base threshold is doubled. Once the base threshold is determined, roll 1D6 and add the result to the threshold—this is a random factor that represents the uncertainty of looking for critters in the wild. If you have a critter-related knowledge skill, gain a point of Edge, which must be spent on this test or it is lost.**


## **critter location test**

**Outdoors (Tracking) + Intuition Extended test Threshold: Base Threshold + 1D6 Interval: 4 hours**

**==> picture [219 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
CRITTER TYPE BASE THRESHOLD<br>Mundane 6<br>8 + Magic (+ Magic again if the critter has the<br>Awakened<br>Concealment power)<br>10 + Resonance (requires someone who can<br>Emerged<br>perceive the Resonance)<br>Very Rare Base Threshold x 2<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**To locate an Emerged critter, you must have the ability to perceive the Resonance—or the assistance of someone who can. Locating and identifying an Emerged critter without this is effectively impossible.**

**Tracking critters in the wild is not a safe activity.**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**you must start over with a new Outdoors (Tracking) Extended test. However, the threshold is increased by 2D6 (instead of 1D6). If you’re unlucky enough to have multiple critical glitches in a row, the threshold is increased by +1D6 each time.**


## **Step Three: Appease or Capture the Critter**

**If you succeed on the test to locate a critter, you may attempt to appease them so you may begin to tame them in their natural environment. Alternately, you may choose to capture the critter so that you may begin to tame and train them in a more controlled environment.**

**If your plan is to capture the critter, you could set a trap, an ambush, or just roll for initiative and charge after them. You will have to subdue the critter somehow—Narcoject is a popular choice for this, though grappling is also an option.**

**To set an ambush, everyone in the group must make a Stealth + Agility test, which is opposed by the critter’s Perception + Intuition test. If any one Stealth test fails, surprise is lost. If all of the Stealth tests succeed, you may surprise and ambush the critters.**

**Setting a trap for a critter requires some form of bait as well as the trap itself. An improvised snare will work for smaller critters (Body of 2 or less), but something sturdier is required to hold larger critters. If you have the time and brought a shovel or two, you could also dig a pit and cover it with a false surface. Digging a pit large enough to trap a critter takes a number of hours equal to the critter’s Body attribute. If two people work to dig the pit, it takes half as long. If the critter’s Body attribute is 10 or more, three people can work together to dig the pit, taking only one-third of the time. If you managed to bring along a backhoe or similar engineering equipment, digging the pit takes far less time—the critter’s Body x 10 minutes. You can also purchase or construct a collapsible trap cage—the trap cage’s rating must be at least as high as the critter’s Body.**

**Placing and concealing a trap, whether the trap is an improvised snare, pit trap, trap cage, or some other clever device, takes at least one minute and requires an Outdoors (Survival) + Intuition test—record the number of hits scored on this test, which sets the threshold for the critter to avoid the trap. Once the trap is set, the critter will encounter the trap in 2D6 hours. The critter makes a Perception + Intuition test, with a threshold equal to the number of hits you rolled when setting the trap. If the critter fails this test, they fall into the trap. If the critter succeeds on this test, they recognize the danger and will avoid the trap.**

**Unless you’re hunting a solitary critter, there’s no guarantee that you’ll fnd only one of them. Social critters are much more likely to be found**

**- among a group. This proves no particular diff culty in appeasing a single critter, but attempting to single out one for capture is likely to get all of their attention. Most mundane critters are likely to attempt to fee instead of fghting back, but Awakened or Emerged critters tend to be somewhat more assertive. How the group of critters chooses to respond to an attack is up to the gamemaster’s discretion, or the gamemaster may roll to determine the reaction.**
