---
id: WL-0179
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Mist Leopard - (Leopardus vaporus)
page: 87
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Mist Leopard**

## **(Leopardus vaporus)**

**The discovery of new Awakened species is such a thrill. The ties to legend, the chance to dive deep into local cultures, and the sheer joy of watching, learning, and guessing at the reason for behaviors keeps you perpetually on your toes.**

**The mist leopard is no different and an incredible example of how local cultures see an amazing animal versus how corporations see them. I am often drawn to Amazonia by the abundance of Awakened species to study, but during my most recent time there, I was fxated on this deep-jungle-dwelling feline. The efforts to reach their territory, the deep jungle tribes we encountered, and the sudden appearance of Aztechnology goons made for quite the memorable journey. All stories in good time.**

**My brush with death was not nearly as close as others, but it could have been dire had the leopard I encountered been hungrier. I was wading across a small tributary river following a mist leopard when I lost sight of it in a rising mist (turned out it was using its powers). I came near the far shore when the water around me erupted in a sudden wave. I was launched with the water up onto the nearby shore, and the mist leopard emerged from the water to gather its bounty. It didn’t seem focused on me, so I didn’t immediately seek to fee. I also know my levitation trick isn’t that useful with a cat that can climb as fast as the mist leopard. It sniffed around at me and even made a low mewling sound but went on chomping and tearing through the half-dozen fsh it had scored. Once I felt there was an understanding, I slowly got to my feet and slinked off.**

**First, their interesting physicality. Mist leopards are considerably larger than their progenitor oncillas, which are rarely much larger than a house cat. The mist leopard sits in size about halfway between the oncilla and the common jaguar of Amazonia. Their blue fur shades differ in color from other jungle felines and make them easy to differentiate—if you can manage to spot one. They have wide and webbed paws, making them excellent swimmers, which is perfect for their regular hunting strategy.**

**After I looped back and checked out the footage I had recorded, I noticed the teeth are not as**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**pronounced as other felines, and its tongue was almost prehensile. While it may have placed a paw on larger fsh to tear them apart, it snagged up the smaller fsh with its dexterous tongue and swallowed them whole.**

- **Nice work, G, but you’re missing a few points. That gateway ability originates from the leopard’s mouth and goes both ways. Those fish it eats whole are actually being sent to the water metaplane.**

- **Ecotope**

**The local tribes revere the critter and call it** _**Kshoke Preowl**_ **, the spring leopard. Their legends talk of a cat god that is responsible for flling the springs and waterways. When the waters are low, they make sacrifces to the god, and the waters once again rise. The arrival of the mist leopard coincided with a particularly long low water season when no one made any sacrifces. Witnessing the power of the feline, they immediately began praying and making sacrifces. The leopard was impressed or happy or whatever emotion you want to put on there, and the next day the waters increased. Each day they go up until they’re back to high season levels, and then the mist leopard returns. They offer more sacrifces, and the water level hasn’t gone down in almost two years.**

**Since that time, this tribe as well as several others in the area have revered and protected the feline. This is important, because while I was doing my research, a capture team from Aztechnology came into the territory of the mist leopard we were studying to attempt to capture it and bring it back to Aztlan for study and likely exploitation. They approached at night in a trio of stealth VTOLs, coming near enough to the tribe’s village that we still detected them. Word went out through spirit messengers, and suddenly hunting parties from four different tribes were on the way to intercept the Azzies. It wasn’t an easy fght, and everyone faced losses, but the mist leopard was protected, and thanks to our rigger and decker being around, the tribes now have a healthy bank account and some upgraded equipment after we sold off the VTOLs.**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
mist leopard<br>B A R S W L I C EDG M ESS<br>4 4 3 4 3 2 6 2 2 6 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>6 9/2 A1/I3 10 15/40/+3<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 5 (Running +2, Swimming +3), Close Combat 5, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 7**

**Powers: Armor 2, Engulf (Water), Enhanced Senses (Smell, Low-Light Vision), Metaplanar Gateway, Natural Weapon (Bite/Claws)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 3P, 7/—/—/—/—] Claws [Close Combat, DV 2P, 10/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 67] intentionally omitted \<==**
