---
id: WL-0293
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Leviathan - > Bubbles
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Leviathan**

## **> Bubbles**

**The leviathan (** _**Grampus immanis**_ **) is a large, carnivorous whale that regularly achieves a length of twenty-one meters, with exceptional specimens having lengths of twenty-fve meters on record. The leviathan resembles the killer whale (** _**Grampus orca**_ **), its progenitor species, but has a broader and fatter body. Like all marine mammals, its tail is oriented horizontally. The leviathan’s color is light grey, with amorphous dark patches and markings down its fanks. These dark patches change over time, so they cannot be used to identify individuals. This made studying leviathan behavior and range somewhat challenging.**

**A leviathan’s diet consists mostly of seals, walruses, and whales, but really, they will eat anything that moves in their territory. They’re very capable hunters, using advanced methods of capturing prey. They’ve been observed using their wake to tip over small ice foes to get at seals and other marine mammals that are using them as a place of safety, they’ve been observed using beaching tactics to get close enough to seals and walruses to snag them, and they’ve been observed using a form of magic to mimic the calls of other whale species—both to lure prey in and to discourage others from coming to the aid of prey they are attacking.**

**Leviathans were once thought to be a mostly arctic species, and that is where one is most likely to fnd them. But some sub-species can be found all over the world—so don’t think being in the Red Sea or the South China Sea means you won’t encounter one. It’s statistically unlikely, as they prefer cooler climes, but not impossible.**

- **The mimicry ability of a leviathan is definitely disconcerting. Their ability to mimic the distress calls of many whale species is uncanny, but what is most off-putting is their ability to sound like almost anything that would draw prey in. This ranges from sounding like a bait ball forming to a struggling whale or other creature and many other naturally occurring sounds. It’s so effective that most sonars can’t reliably discern the difference. This can lead to unfortunate situations where small fishing boats will go to an area to fish only to find a pod of leviathans**

- **Tell me about it! I was enjoying some quality me-time off the coast of Italy a few years ago when I heard what I thought was a pod of dolphins. I was certain of it, it sounded so authentic. So you can imagine my surprise when I encountered a solitary**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**there lying in wait. Some pods have determined that fishing boats have food aboard, both the crew and also the cargo, and regularly attack them.**

**> Sounder**

**While young males travel alone or in groups as they search for a female to begin a pod with, leviathans are most often detected in pods that consist of a family grouping. Leviathan pods are fve to eight adults, including a breeding male and up to three adult females the male breeds with, along with their young. Older females aren’t unheard of in pods. The older females help look after the young and add to the pod’s ability to hunt. The largest pod I have personally seen in the wild was eleven adults, though from what I could discern, two of them were juvenile males close to starting their own pods.**

**The intelligence of a leviathan is often debated, as they are most defnitely capable of learning. Their use of advanced tactics and methodologies for hunting demonstrates their intelligence as well, but the scientifc community has fnally determined that they are not sapient. Don’t let that fool you, though, as they are still wily and highly capable predators. Especially when multiple pods join forces to hunt particularly large prey such as meistersingers and blue whales.**

**The leviathan’s only natural predators are megalodons and kraken. It is unlikely for lone megalodons to attack a pod of leviathans, but if they encounter a male or juvenile alone, they will certainly be tempted. Because leviathans can be found in waters used for recreation and fshing, they often come into confict with metahumans. There have been some instances where leviathans have helped stranded seamen and divers, but there are also just as many cases where they’ve preyed on the same. So if you’re adrift and spot a leviathan, don’t be too excited.**

**Leviathans are capable of a fair turn of speed for a creature of their size and are surprisingly agile in the water. They also are able to hold their breath for over an hour, possibly longer, as it’s hard to identify individuals, so we cannot be completely certain. Leviathans are also able to dive to depths in excess of 3,500 meters.**

**==> picture [210 x 62] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|           |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| --------- | ---- | ------ | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| leviathan |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| B         | A    | R      | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | M   | ESS |
| 18        | 7    | 5      | 15  | 4        | 2   | 4   | 5   | 8   | 6   |
| DR        | I/ID | AC     | CM  | M        |     |     |     |     |     |
| 30        | 9/2  | A1, I3 | 17  | 20/25/+3 |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 6 (Swimming +2), Close Combat 9 (Bite +2), Outdoors 2, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 12, Enhanced Senses (Sonar), Mimicry, Natural Weapon (Bite)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 8P, 20/—/—/—/—] Unarmed Strike* [Close Combat, DV 7S, 15/—/—/—/—]*\*

\***Note: Use Unarmed Strike for tail slaps, breaching attacks, and ramming.**

**==> picture [176 x 51] intentionally omitted \<==**
