---
id: WL-0207
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: G-Nome'
page: 101
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: G-Nome**

The beauty of tall grasses as far as the eye can see … which is all of about a meter for someone my height. Personally, I fi nd the savannah to be somewhat terrifying. It’s a mix of a maze where everything looks the same and a horror movie where something can jump out at you at any moment. Now, this is on foot. Toss me in a buggy or a rover, and it’s a different story.

The greatest effect the Sixth World has had on the savannahs is legend. The legends of the people refl ect the variety of life in these lands, which refl ects the variety of mana in this land, which refl ects the variety of paranormal critters that call this place home. This close tie to legends and myths leads to some highly localized species. These species are then spread around the area by their own dietary needs or by the efforts of corporations or governments that fi nd some value in a species being relocated or expanded, usually for security purposes, whether that is the security of their facilities from getting wrecked or being captured and trained to act as security for their facilities.

A savanna is a mixed woodland-grassland ecosystem characterized by the trees being suffi - ciently widely spaced so that the canopy does not close. The open canopy allows light to reach the ground to support an unbroken herbaceous layer consisting primarily of grasses. These grasses support large herds of animals, which in turn support strong populations of predatory species. Weather in the savanna is generally warm all year round, with a slight cooling during the dry season and a hot and humid wet season.

These regions are covered in grassland with



**==> picture [250 x 201] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [72 x 368] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [179 x 168] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [321 x 168] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Let me start with Asamando. I have decent enough relations with the ghoul nation that they don’t make me jump through as many hoops as long as I’m honest with them. As my trip was purely scientifc, it was easy honesty. I told them I was put on the trail of a six-legged leopard. They chuckled a bit, gave me some rough GPS coordinates, and asked if I had any questions. I asked about the chuckle and they were very clear the creature was not a leopard, it was not native to their nation, it was not Infected, and its numbers were growing.**
