---
id: WL-0146
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: King Hydra
page: 71
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **King Hydra**

**Most folks know about the Greek creature, the Lernaean hydra, a serpentine monster from ancient mythology. In the modern world, there are multiple creatures with polycephaly, like the hydra and hydra wyrm. The king hydra is a distant relative to the mundane and deadly king cobra. The animal is known for its multiple heads, its ability to regenerate from damage, and its deadly venom. The creature makes its home throughout Southeast Asia in a variety of different biomes. While it can be found in other locations, in the wetlands is where it’s at its deadliest.**

**Besides the king hydra, there are additional species in the** _**Elapidae hydraphiinae**_ **family. Researchers believed that the two-headed snakes from the Fifth World were just early Awakenings. The other species vary based on coloration, adult size, venom toxicity, and aggression. But each of these species shares an impressive regenerative ability, multiple heads, and venomous fangs.**

- **Note that this is distinct from Pleuracanthus polycaput or more commonly the hydra wyrm. This is also distinct from Hydras polycaput. Researchers had originally thought that multiple heads were uncommon, but the more time we’ve had studying the natural world, the more examples we’ve been able to find.**

- **> Marko**

**The king hydra is the largest of the genus, growing to a length of eight meters. The creature will typically have between six and eight heads, and the neck is normally one-third the length of the hydra and sixty centimeters in diameter. This can expand to accommodate larger prey. Specimens with seven heads are considered sacred among the local populations.**

**The body of the hydra is widest at the “shoulders” before tapering down to the tail. The scales of the king are lighter in color along the belly in shades of beige, while the backs have the chevron pattern of gold and dark green. Like others in the Elapidae family, the hydra will rear upright when it feels threatened. One unique aspect to the king hydra is that it exhibits the same spread neck fap as the king cobra, spreading its hood in order to look larger.**

**The king hydra’s venom is extremely toxic, and when their fangs can be forty millimeters in length, armor is more of a suggestion. The venom is potent and consists of cytotoxins and neurotoxins. This venom has a cardiotoxic effect. Its venom is produced in glands located in each of the heads and named postorbital venom glands. The combination of toxins in the venom affects the central nervous system and results in pain, blurred vision, vertigo, and paralysis. In the case of a serious reaction, the victim can suffer cardiovascular collapse and**

**==> picture [246 x 10] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [271 x 736] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// KING HYDRA //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [246 x 21] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**fall into a coma. Death is a likely outcome due to respiratory failure.**

**One of the more interesting traits is the strong ability of the creature to regenerate rapidly from egregious wounds. The creature has even been known to survive the loss of multiple heads and regrow them. Its strong ability to regenerate from wounds has led to it being a poor candidate for reagent harvesting, as the amount of damage necessary to kill the beast will typically render its parts unusable.**

**The king hydra is extremely aggressive and treats metahumanity as predator and prey. When hunting, the hydra will use its powerful venom to paralyze its victim before consuming its prey whole. After a meal, the hydra is typically docile for roughly a week while it digests its food, but it will defend itself, its territory, or its nest in that time. The hydra is often a solitary hunter and can cover a range of dozens of square kilometers.**

**Many of the hydras take naturally to land or sea, and the king hydra is no exception. It can endure long dry spells as well as the torrential downpours and periods of fooding in southeast Asia. The king hydra nests in a burrow situated above the water line. When they prepare to lay eggs, they build a mound of dirt and dead vegetation in order to house up to 100 fertilized eggs. Both the male and female hydra take turns guarding the nest until the eggs hatch; the two then go their separate ways.**


## **king hydra**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>11 7 8 10 4 2 4 3 7 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>18 12/2 A1, I3\* 14 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Astral 4, Athletics 4, Close Combat 7 (Bite +2), Outdoors 2, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 7, Compulsion, Corrosive Spit, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Smell, Thermographic), Regeneration, Venom**

**Weakness: Vulnerability (Fire)**
