---
id: WL-0320
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Song Dog - (Canis canticum)
page: 164
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Song Dog**

## **(Canis canticum)**

**One of the many Emerged canines, a song dog has genes and size similar to the North American coyote. They aren’t limited to North America, as you will fnd them in any urban environment worldwide. An adult male can weigh seven kilograms to**

**eighteen kilograms and stands approximately ffty centimeters at the shoulder. Their fur functions in the same way as electrochromic hair and allows them to blend into their surroundings better. When startled, their color will change to a bright white or yellow until they calm down. When happy, they can display a kaleidoscopic array of colors.**

**Song dogs are social and live in small packs ranging from ten to twenty adults, and multiple packs can be within close proximity of one another. They are very communicative, using a variety of vocalizations, body language, color fashes, and tones. Song dogs can have very active and inquisitive personalities, and they frequently participate in games and other amusing actions with one another and at times with metahumans.**

**A song dog pack’s behavior is centered on survival and self-preservation. They are opportunistic hunters and scavengers, and their diet may be adapted to whatever food sources are available in their area. When confronted by a strong predator, song dogs will fee. This self-preservation is seen in their unique ability to instinctually navigate and utilize the local transit system. You would think the presence of a song dog on the transit system would create an issue, but it does not.**

**If you think about it, you can see why. Like millions of others around the globe, you have to undergo that regular journey between your home and work. That commute is often more grueling than the work. It is a necessary evil, however, and all you want to do is get back to your place and try to recharge as much as you can before you have to do it all over again.**

**You step onto the crowded subway car, feeling tired and stressed after a long day at whichever corporation you work. You fnd a spot to stand and brace yourself as the train starts moving. You have taken this same trip hundreds if not thousands of times, and the noise and motion of the subway only add to your exhaustion; you close your eyes, hoping to catch a few minutes of rest before you reach your stop.**

**You think you have drifted off, but then realize that a soft melody flls the air. You open your eyes to check your commlink but it’s not broadcasting; it’s then that you notice an odd-colored dog lying in the corner of the subway car. Its colors change in sync with the rhythm and the beat. The music is nice. You must be having an auditory hallucination, but there is something extremely soothing and melodic, and the beat of the song resonates with you. You feel a sense of comfort and warmth wash over you, and you can’t help but smile.**

**As you start to sway with the rhythm, you realize other passengers doing the same, while others stop what they’re doing to listen. Some even begin to sing along, and soon the whole subway car is flled with the sound of music and laughter. You start to feel a sense of community and connection with the other passengers, and your mood starts to lift.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [240 x 204] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [103 x 373] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [307 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**
