---
id: WL-0183
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Amazonian Angel - (Craspedacusta cumulus)
page: 91
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Amazonian Angel**

## **(Craspedacusta cumulus)**

**I’m not sure why Mother Nature hates land animals, but the existence of this benevolently named abhorrence is proof that she does. Jellyfsh are a biological wonder of the seas, but they are also unpleasant to encounter, and during spawning cycles, the waters they call home turn into little skin-stinging circuses. When larger jellies are encountered, the mild pinprick skin irritations can become painful welts, and in some cases they cancause anaphylactic shock and death.**

**==> picture [123 x 81] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// AMAZONIAN<br>ANGEL //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Now all of this can be found in the air in the Amazon. Yay!**

**The Amazonian angel is an Awakened peach blossom jellyfsh, a rare freshwater cnidarian that**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**seems to have arisen only from specimens in the Amazonian jungle. The progenitor is originally from Asia but expanded as an invasive species to freshwater bodies around the globe thanks to cargo vessels. Parazoologists speculate that this species Awakened early in the Amazon due to the heightened magical energy of the region and that other areas will see parallel Awakenings as global mana levels continue to rise. While the progenitor is only about twenty millimeters in diameter, the Amazonian angel regularly grows to a meter in adulthood, with tentacles reaching twice that in length. Unlike the progenitor, the stinging cells of the angel are quite capable of paralyzing larger prey, including metahumans, though metahumans are not eaten. The Amazonian angel primarily eats bird species and the occasional small lizard or mammal when the clouds are low.**

**This aerial jellyfsh is rarely seen clearly, as they live within clouds and fog, gliding along and capturing unsuspecting prey that fy through or picking up extra nourishment from within the canopy on a hazy morning. They hunt by feel, awaiting contact with a tentacle. When the tentacle is disturbed, the stinging cells activate, along with an arcane paralyzing touch ability. The tentacle wraps around the prey and curls up toward the central disk, where the food is slipped into the mouth for slow digestion. Meals are slowly dissolved and nutrients gained before undigested bits such as bone, hair, feathers, etc., are expelled. An angel with a belly full of bones is a rather horrifying sight.**

**The biggest threat from this critter comes during reproduction. Each angel will develop a hundred or so polyps through budding. When they are ready, all the polyps are released at once. This mass exodus usually occurs during a low fog time, and the polyps begin a massive feeding frenzy. The polyps sting and envelop prey to digest and provide nourishment for their transition into full adults. Unlike larger angels, the polyps will attach to a metahuman, dissolve a chunk from their body, and go off to digest and grow. A dozen of these things are enough to kill most metahumans, and larger swarms have been seen picking a full-size cow to pieces.**

**I got stuck in one of these breeding clouds and lost several chunks of skin before I was able to cast a Barrier spell to keep them all off me. I sat and watched in horror as they devoured everything around me.**

**Corporate security in R&D facilities throughout the world’s jungles have captured and brought angels in while also developing environmental controls that provide a cloud around the perimeter for them to live in. A few places have expanded that to include some interior space, so be careful if you walk into zero-zone facility and the entrance foyer is foggy and hazy.**

**==> picture [246 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
