---
id: WL-0319
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: (Columba sonitus)
page: 163
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **(Columba sonitus)**

**Pigeons are a common sight in cities around the world, but their presence can evoke a range of emotions in people. Some view pigeons as a nuisance, as they can be messy and loud, while others see them as a symbol of urban life and appreciate their unique beauty. Pigeons have a long and storied history, dating back thousands of years. The domestication of pigeons began in the Middle East and Mediterranean region around 5,000 years ago, and since then, pigeons have played important roles in human society. In ancient times, pigeons were used as messengers, carrying important letters and messages over long distances.**

**Despite its unusual look, the noise pigeon behaves similarly to regular pigeons, cooing gently and pecking at the ground for food. Its wings allow it to fy easily, and the brightness of its eyes and wing tips becomes even more captivating against the darker sky. I know what you’re all thinking— these things sound like something out of a child’s fairy tale. People post a few trids of some at a local park, and now everyone wants to go down and see them. Ever-growing groups start to stroll along the parks, marketplaces, and town centers, but they want to get a closer look. So they bring some birdseed and bread crumbs. These people don’t know about the fragging mess they have helped to create.**

**Noise pigeons can be any species of pigeon, meaning there are hundreds of variations worldwide. It looks to be a typical pigeon at frst glance, with its plump body covered with soft feathers of subdued brown and grey tones. But upon closer investigation, it becomes evident that this pigeon is not your average bird. While its feathers all have a blue undertone, its eyes are the frst thing that people tend to notice. In fact, upon frst seeing one, it can be distracting. Instead of the typical dark, beady eyes of a pigeon, the eyes of a noise pigeon will rapidly fash with a gentle, warm blue light. As more gather in the area, a noise pigeon’s wing**

**You see, the whole Columba genus has a remarkable ability to fnd their way home, even over long distances. They use a combination of visual, olfactory, and magnetic cues or low-frequency infrared to navigate their way back. The visual and olfactory cues are self-explanatory, but for the noise pigeon, we need to focus on the latter. All pi-**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**geons use magnetoreception as their compass and road map. While these low-frequency and magnetic felds are indetectable to metahumans, they are produced by almost everything, including the seas and the Earth’s crust. As the Sixth World has pushed the new Matrix, the line between low-frequency and Matrix frequencies has started to cross over and in doing so is interfering with many species’ natural ability to navigate. The noise pigeon fgured out a way to bypass that issue.**

**Pigeons and other birds have a small location within their beak that houses magnetite. That is what helps them know their direction. However, when a noise pigeon is excited or stressed, it uses its connection to Resonance to make that bit of magnetite transmit instead of just receive. The effect is that each noise pigeon operates like a small jammer. That may not sound like an issue, but the more noise pigeons you have in the area, the stronger the jamming signal gets. The only ways to bypass this jamming are to either kill the noise pigeons or feed them. Once you feed them, it’s like being whitelisted and all your Matrix signals return to full strength. Noise pigeons also like to co-mingle with non-Emerged pigeons, providing some concealment during the day. In cities that can’t control their noise pigeon population, you will fnd stands set up in high-traffc areas so people going to work can feed the fock and keep their Matrix service.**

**==> picture [210 x 84] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|              |        |        |     |                         |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------ | ------ | ------ | --- | ----------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| noise pigeon |        |        |     |                         |     |     |     |     |     |
| B            | A      | R      | S   | W                       | L   | I   | C   | ESS | RES |
| 2            | 3      | 3      | 1   | 3                       | 4   | 5   | 4   | 6   | 5   |
| DR           | I/ID   | AC     | CM  | MOVE                    |     |     |     |     |     |
| 2            | 8/1    | A1, I2 | 2   | 1/2/+1 (15/25/+3 fying) |     |     |     |     |     |
| M DR         | M I/ID | M AC   | MCM | A                       | S   | D   | F   |     |     |
| 7            | 9/4    | A1, I5 | 9   | 4                       | 5   | 4   | 3   |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 3 (Flight +2), Cracking 4, Close Combat 2, Electronics 4, Outdoors 4, Perception 4, Stealth 3**

**Powers: Animal Control (Pigeons), Blend, Gestalt Consciousness Complex Forms: Emulate (Map Soft), Mirrored Persona, Static Bomb Weakness: Fragile 7**

**Weapons:**

**Peck [Close Combat, DV 1P, 4/—/—/—/—] Digital Peck [Cybercombat, DV 1, 9/—/—/—/—] Pigeons Bomb [Cybercombat, DV 0, 9/—/—/—/—, Crash]**

**Notes: The noise pigeon is an Emerged animal that naturally interferes with Matrix signals. A noise pigeon acts like a Jammer 1 (p. 270, SR6). For every noise pigeon in the fock, increase the device rating by 1, up to 25. People who feed a noise pigeon will immediately stop being jammed.**
