---
id: WL-0123
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Horned Bear - (Ursus americanus cornuda)
page: 58
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Horned Bear**

## **(Ursus americanus cornuda)**

**Another species that I’ve done baseline and additional research on is this Awakened black bear. They are similar to the piasma, but a bit larger, with horns as well as tusks, and they have a far more pleasant demeanor. By “far more pleasant,” I simply mean they won’t try to eat you outright unless it’s a matter of feeding themselves during lean times or feeding their young. I mentioned their interesting honorable behaviors in other writings but did not mention my encounters—yes, plural—with them and thus my brush with death.**

**After Balladeer mentioned his direct and violent encounter with the horned bear, I wanted to test out my hypothesis on their inability to distinguish between metahumans. I contracted with another gnome friend of mine and took him out to the Front Range Free Zone, where we started our work and research on horned bear territories in the region. Outside the area that is now controlled by Ghostwalker, there are at least four horned bear territories within 100 kilometers of the FRFZ. None have allowed their territory to overlap with the property claimed by Ghostwalker. As several individuals have given eyewitness accounts of the great dragon eating a piasma, I’m sure the wiser horned bear is smart enough to avoid crossing territory with the dragon.**

**With four options in the region, we set out to perform four separate tests. At each location, we made sure to be located and threatened by the**



**local horned bear. We split the initial encounters between us, and neither of us had any issues with a direct attack. We both got the terrifying intimidation display and vacated the area. Upon our returns to each area, we switched roles. Not once did any of the bears do anything but offer another display, and we offered another retreat.**

**Then came the fun part. We had to each return for our second stop and test if the horned bears would switch tactics. I volunteered to go frst and, as my research often does, it almost got me killed. The horned bear offered no display whatsoever. As soon as it got my scent it was after me and it didn’t stop until I crossed out of its territory. The same proved true on the next three because science doesn’t accept single occurrences. My companion and I are both safe, and we survived our encounters, but there is a fairly large tract of land neither one of us should head into around the FRFZ.**
