---
id: WL-0346
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Protean - Incubus - (Entamoeba imitatrix)
page: 171
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Protean**

## **Incubus**

## **(Entamoeba imitatrix)**

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C ESS M<br>6 3 4 9 4 3 4 3 6 5<br>DR I/ID AC CM M<br>6 8/1 A1, I2 11 3/5/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**It has now been proven that the original protean was an Awakened form of the amoeba that causes human dysentery. How it incorporated the Boltzmann-Schneider virus into its cellular makeup is still a heated debate in academic circles. Since it has no impact on our topics, I will let you all decide if you want to investigate further.**

**Skills: Athletics 5 (Climbing +2), Close Combat 4, Perception 5, Outdoors 4, Stealth 7**

**Quality: Long Reach**

**Powers: Adaptive Coloration, Desire Refection, Enhanced Senses (LowLight Vision, Vision Enhancement), Natural Weapon (Bite/Tentacles) Weakness: Allergy (Sunlight, Moderate)**

**Some corporations have started to use these in subterranean complexes as a form of cheap security. A protean is cheap to cultivate to create more proteans. All surfaces will be coated with a chemical that protects them from protean secretions. In addition to keeping the protean from working its way into unwanted areas, the protean will clean the areas as it moves through them. The halls are opened, and proteans are allowed to roam around freely. Due to their erratic behavior, though, their paths cannot be predicted by any would-be intruder. If someone needs to move through an area, a series of doors will confne the protean.**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 5P, 13/—/—/—/—]**

**Tentacles [Close Combat, DV 5P, 13/—/—/—/—]**

**Note: When making an Opposed test against Desire Refection, Edge cannot be used.**

**==> picture [211 x 10] intentionally omitted \<==**
