---
id: WL-0211
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: // FIRELION //
page: 105
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **// FIRELION //**

**==> picture [409 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [69 x 142] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 377] intentionally omitted \<==**

**from its mundane kin. Bulkier than even the largest bull African elephant, its sheer size is enough to separate it visually from the mundane herd. Add in thick armored plates protecting its head, shoulders, chest, spine, and joints, and you get a beast that looks more like a dinosaur than an elephant. This Awakened variant has four tusks rather than the standard two, with the lower pair ending in heavy spherical bludgeons. General coloration is similar to the deep grey of the African elephant with some lighter and darker patches near the plates. This color pattern should not be considered standard, as I only studied three individual specimens, and one of them had no color variation.**

**Evo piece of experimental crap. It was a nightmare escape and only Kastlana and I made it.**

**==> picture [210 x 62] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|          |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| -------- | ---- | ----- | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| firelion |      |       |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| B        | A    | R     | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 12       | 4    | 4     | 10  | 3        | 2   | 6   | 4   | 2   | 6   | 6   |
| DR       | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 18       | 10/2 | A1/I3 | 14  | 10/20/+2 |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [36 x 314] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Skills: Athletics 5, Close Combat 8, Outdoors 6, Perception 6, Stealth 5 Powers: Armor 6, Elemental Attack (Fire), Energy Aura (Fire), Engulf, Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision, Scent), Immunity (Fire), Natural Weapon Weapons: Claws [Close Combat, 10P, 14/—/—/—/—]**

**The most important and the truly distinctive feature of the bullyphant is social rather than physical. The protective instincts of the bullyphant are key in its socialization among other elephant herds. The bullyphant is a keen protector, spotting and chasing poachers and predators in the wild, but also coming into urbanized areas and freeing elephants from captivity. This behavior is easily explained in the wilds, but a bullyphant’s innate ability to detect a distressed elephant is wholly paranatural. While not gifted with any powers that increase its speed, the bullyphant has an exceptional constitution, and it can go for days without rest. In fact, during my entire two-month study, I never saw any of the specimens sleep.**
