---
id: WL-0199
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Planar Dart Frog - (Ameerega metaplanus)
page: 97
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Planar Dart Frog**

## **(Ameerega metaplanus)**

**I don’t know who originally discovered the powers of this critter, but they were one very desperate individual. Either desperate for a strange escape from the world they live in or a total escape from life. The planar dart frog is an Awakened version of the poison dart frog. I haven’t been able to analyze exactly which species it arose from due to its powers, but I was able to study it for a short while and interview a handful of local tribes on what it can do and why.**

**No singular consensus came about on the “why.” Most believe it is some form of spiritual gift for the local tribes as a way for them to escape if the world turns to darkness again. These were their words. They spoke a lot about their old myths and legends, and how the world of magic is only the beginning. They feel it will become more and more magically infused (similar to the hypotheses of many arcanologists), but at a certain point, the magic will be so great that other planes will touch ours and bring great destruction and corruption.**

**Back to the planar dart frog. These small amphibians are primarily black with several brightly colored stripes that shift with an iridescent sheen. They are similar in stature to their relatives, meaning they’re tiny. Also like their relatives, their skin contains quite a concoction. Unlike their mundane kin, this substance is not toxic, but instead is arcanely imbued. When the frog comes in contact with a vibrant aura, such as that of a metahuman and especially an Awakened, it fuels itself from that aura and opens a metaplanar gateway.**

**I’m not one hundred percent proud to say I know where it goes, but I made my second and third journeys with the intention of exploration, not just because I accidentally bumped into a frog.**

**The gateway opens to a jungle plane. The place is old and at its center sits ruins similar to**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**those of early mesoamerican cultures. I didn’t run across any current residents, but the fora and fauna of the region are quite spectacular. In fact, when I frst crossed over, I thought I was hallucinating.**

**==> picture [36 x 696] intentionally omitted \<==**

**Everything on this plane grows in a shade of neon, and the day/night cycle is a mix of light similar to our own during the day. At night, the purple light of the moon is like a blacklight. The entire place is like some weird trippy dream.**

**The frst time I crossed over, it was an accident. I simply brushed a leaf and knocked loose a frog that was hiding under it. It landed on my arm, and without thinking, I made an effort to shoo it from my sleeve. It was quite the strange shift to have my surroundings go from the rich, dark greens and blacks of the nighttime jungle to a glowing jungle-themed rave. I was just glad I am well-versed in metaplanar travel and assensing, or else I might have freaked out. Instead, I used the chance to do a little exploring before discovering the return comes with the rising or setting sun. Their “days” are exactly twelve hours long, as are their nights, and we cannot stay past a single cycle from a single dose.**

**Yes, if you have a supply of the planar dart frogs, you can keep popping back and forth. I - was afraid to do this, as it wasn’t very scientif cally proven. Several of the tribesmen mentioned doing it just to get a more thorough exploration of the other side. They didn’t report much more than I was able to fnd out on my own, but they discovered that this metaplane is fnite. Altogether the plane spans less than a day’s walk across.**

**I have plans to return and do some more research, but the frogs are not in high supply.**
