---
id: WL-0066
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Peryton
page: 31
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Peryton**

**We have frequently seen that the Awakened relatives of mundane animals are generally larger, and the peryton (** _**Cervos insolens**_ **) is no different to that. The peryton is the Awakened form of a deer. This winged deer is interesting when compared - to pegasus and unicorns in that there is a signif cant diet change when compared to the base species. The peryton is omnivorous and doesn’t really mind making a meal of a gnome or human.**

**Their size is similar to that of a reindeer or a horse and stand about 1.5 meters tall with a nearly six-meter wingspan. Their weight ranges from 125 to 150 kilograms depending on the gender of the peryton. As the animal has added meat to their menu, they have adaptations for their hooves and teeth. Their teeth include sharp incisors and canines. They have sharpened, claw-like hooves and altered dentition that refects their omnivorous diet and capacity to hunt live prey.**

**The fur of their bodies is brown and cream colored. Their wings are owl-like in shape and coloration. The feathers have golds, dark browns, and reds that form stripes perpendicular to the direction of the feather. When fully extended, these stripes form curving lines across multiple feathers. Both the male and female of the species have large racks of antlers, reaching lengths of around two meters.**

**The peryton is known to eat vegetation similar to that of deer, such as roots, tubers, fruit, and tree bark. But to supplement its diet, it also will attack medium to large animals, including metahumans. Its attack uses fight to swoop in and knock the prey down, and then it employs its razor-sharp claws and antlers to fnish the kill. It is a diurnal hunter and prefers to hunt during the day when its eyesight is at its best.**

**Earlier researchers believed they were solitary**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [411 x 362] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
// PERYTON //<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
