---
id: WL-0440
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Energy Drain (Magic)
page: 189
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
- character-creation
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Energy Drain (Magic)**

**==> picture [228 x 20] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
TYPE ACTION RANGE DURATION<br>M Major Touch Instant<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Some creatures feed on mana. While most of the time the mana from the local space is an easier meal, it can be a slower method of feeding. This makes mana-rich individuals a ripe target.**

**This power allows a critter to permanently take away another being’s Magic and add it to its own. The Energy Drain (Magic) power can only target non-astral Awakened beings. Magic cannot be drained while the victim is physically resisting. They must either be willing or subdued (restrained, paralyzed, mentally controlled, etc.). Siphoning off magic from their target requires a Charisma + Magic (5 – Magic, 1 minute) Extended test. Success will drain the victim of 1 point of Magic and will infict the Fatigued status at a level equal to the number of Magic points drained.**

**If the critter is interrupted or disturbed prior to completion of the draining test, the Magic point is not drained. Lost Magic does not impact the character’s maximum Magic, and any lost Magic can be re-bought with Karma. If Magic reaches zero and you are using the Burning Out optional rule (p. 146,** _**Sixth World Companion**_ **), the character burns out.**

**A creature can only increase their Magic up to their natural maximum Magic. Any Magic drained beyond that point is lost.**
