---
id: WL-0086
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: "// REDFLOWER\u2019S CAT //"
page: 41
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **// REDFLOWER’S CAT //**

**==> picture [315 x 176] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [176 x 176] intentionally omitted \<==**

**stay safe and move more easily, but they actively refused to help me track my subject, who they called Quartz. I was able to ask a few questions that cleared up the name and gave me a clue what I should be looking for on the astral plane. Seems Redfower’s cats, as a breed, all have bright auras that look like a crystal feline. They also aren’t completely dual-natured, but much like a modern arcanist, they can astrally perceive and project.**

**visually ingest that didn’t take a lot of brainpower. I was so enthralled with her that one of my most thorough (and again nearly last) paraspecies research projects was on Redfower’s cat. I boldly headed off into the wilds of the Rocky Mountains near Jasper, specifcally focusing on Red Mountain because I was being blinded by some hokey level of gut instinct that told me Redfower’s cat would be found on Red Mountain.**

**This had been referenced in episode eight of season four,** _**Kitty’s Pride**_ **, but I had simply taken it as creative license, especially since no other non-sapient species had displayed that ability. This knowledge fueled my desires anew, as it meant I could possibly fnd out Redfower’s cat was a sapient species!**

**We can ignore the fact that I was right, because no good scientist should base his research on his gut or his fanatic love of a trid show.**

**Now that we have the setting for the search, we can get on to how one drek-brained gnome, who went into the wild alone, became the toy mouse in a real-world game of cat and mouse—just cat and gnome in this case.**

**Over the next three days and nights, I repeatedly felt as if I was on the verge of discovery, only to be once again shown I was a blundering dunderhead. Minor illusions sent my tracking astray, had me traipsing through a trail of elk scat, and had me set my camp in the middle of an open feld. Every time I thought I had countered the feline’s latest trickery, it doubled it back on me. The worst part for me was knowing it was close enough to put these spells in place but still missing it over and over.**

**Night one, the feline prankster hit me with an illusion spell that had me thinking I was tucking myself into a nice little protected cave. A few hours later, I wake to a food of water pouring from a natural spring, and I see I’ve laid down directly under the falls rather than in a nice cave. Thankfully, I dried myself relatively easily, but I couldn’t fnd a good place to sleep, so I did a little astral scouting and found the signature of the spell and got a good read on it, hoping it would help me track down the cat.**

**It was at this point I realized this was a game. I was not being worn down to make easy prey. I**

**I summoned a rather nice spirit of the earth who went by Gypsum, who was happy to help me**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
