---
id: WL-0272
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Reigndeer
page: 134
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Reigndeer**

**==> picture [210 x 56] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|                    |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------------ | ---- | ----- | --- | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| B                  | A    | R     | S   | W    | L   | I   | C   | EDG | M   | ESS |
| 8                  | 4    | 4     | 8   | 2    | 2   | 4   | 2   | 1   | 6   | 6   |
| DR                 | I/ID | AC    | CM  | MOVE |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 10/20/+2 (20/40/+3 |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| 10                 | 8/1  | A1/I2 | 12  |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| Flying)            |      |       |     |      |     |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**This is the domain of the sickly fox. Their white coats are corrupted into shades of copper with tarnished green at the tips. They stalk the conical roads, dark passage tunnels, abandoned project buildings, and surrounding forests. They aren’t often seen outdoors during the day, preferring tunnels and buildings, but they are still active at all hours and sometimes stalk the forest of shad-**

**Skills: Astral 3, Athletics 4 (Flying +2), Close Combat 4, Outdoors 4, Perception 5, Stealth 4**

**Powers: Armor 2, Dual Natured, Enhanced Senses (Low-Light Vision), Infuence, Natural Weapon (Bite)**

**Weapons:**

**Bite [Close Combat, DV 4P, 12/—/—/—/—]**

**==> picture [176 x 63] intentionally omitted \<==**



**ed edges around the mineshafts at dawn and dusk where sunlight does not reach.**

**The astral plane here is tainted by destruction and the twisted adaptation of this once-adorable creature. This is only one site, and other corrupted areas have slight variations on these environmental adjustments. I focused on this group because it’s the place I was when one of these cute little furballs almost took off my face.**

**This type of attack isn’t standard. The sickly fox has its usual diet of smaller animals and birds as well nuts and berries that still grow in the area, but it will resort to eating carrion or taking down larger prey if enough foxes are active in a particular territory. This is usually only the case during mating season and early rearing periods, making it even more demeaning when you’re attacked by a skulk of baby fuff balls with mama egging them on. It could have been comical if it were someone else’s face on the menu. My ecosympathetic heart couldn’t just wreck this little clan, so I did some gentle sleepy-time nudges before I found my way out. It was another interesting moment in nature, as the mother recognized her kin were sleeping, not dead, and therefore decided not to maul me.**

**The power and knowledge in nature is immeasurable.**

**For whatever reason, the sickly fox has a dental variation from the base species. Its teeth are more triangular than pointy, almost as if for sawing rather than biting and crushing. I have surmised this allows them to access piping and even do some digging or rock-chewing with their teeth.**
