---
id: WL-0310
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Spitting Pike
page: 156
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Spitting Pike**

**The spitting pike (** _**Esox sputare**_ **) is a fsh species that continues to grow throughout its lifetime. At the age of ten, they average 150 centimeters long and weigh ffty kilograms. The rule for growth of the spitting pike is roughly twenty centimeters per year for the frst fve years of life, and then ten centimeters per year after that, though they gain roughly fve kilograms per year from the end of their frst year. It has a large mouth with twenty-eight small teeth on top and eighteen large teeth on the bottom. It is olive-colored, shading to yellow on the underbelly. Spitting pikes have complex eyes top-mounted on their heads that allow them to accurately measure distances. This explains their unerring accuracy with their venomous spit. The largest specimen was landed in 2048 in the UK—it was 371 centimeters long and massed 213.4 kilograms.**

**A true Awakened version of the northern/common pike (** _**Esox lucius**_ **), the spitting pike is an exceptionally aggressive predator. Mostly nocturnal but not exclusively so, spitting pikes will prey on fsh, frogs, birds, and anything else that goes in the**



**water. Like their cousin the devil jack diamond, they are highly territorial and eat their opponents.**

**Spitting pike can be found in most freshwater bodies in North America as well as Western Europe and the United Kingdom, but they also inhabit brackish waters around the UK and Finnish coasts and the Black Sea. Spitting pikes generally favor rocky, slow-moving water, but they really aren’t picky.**

**Spitting pikes are voracious and will eat anything and everything, even when not hungry. This has devastated the wildlife in some British rivers and lakes. While the presence of the devil jack diamond and other Awakened species in the lakes and waterways of North America prevent this from happening there, it remains a very real danger. Spitting pikes are deadly thanks to their venom, and they aren’t afraid to attack prey bigger than they are—such as afancs and devil jack diamonds.**

- **There is still a massive cost reduction in fishing licenses for those who wish to land spitting pikes. Presenting three of these in any calendar year will essentially pay for the license. The difficulty comes in landing three spitting pikes a year.**

- **eRic**

- **You’re not kidding, mate! These things are absolute nightmares! I ain’t no slouch when it comes to combat and physicality, but these things always give me a run for my money. There’s a lake just down the road in Bray Wick that has a small population of spitting pikes, and I like to try my hand from time to time. The last one I landed was not far off the record, and trust me, I’ve wrestled heavily augmented trolls hopped up on a speedball of kamikaze and nitro who went down easier than this bloody fish! And I definitely didn’t have a very illegal heavy pistol to help me. Thank ghost for ballistic masks, though, else the damn thing would have melted my cybereyes right out me face! As it was, Ribbon was not happy with the state of my clothes when I got back. The kids enjoyed the pike steaks, though.**

- **Pinkie**

**==> picture [210 x 61] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>

|          |      |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| -------- | ---- | ------ | --- | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| spitting | pike |        |     |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| B        | A    | R      | S   | W        | L   | I   | C   | M   | ESS |
| 2\*      | 5    | 4      | 2\* | 3        | 1   | 4   | 1   | 6   | 6   |
| DR       | I/ID | AC     | CM  | M        |     |     |     |     |     |
| 2        | 8/1  | A1, I2 | 9   | 20/25/+3 |     |     |     |     |     |

**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 4, Close Combat 5 (Bite +2), Exotic Weapons (Spit) 5, Outdoors 2, Perception 5, Stealth 2**

**Powers: Corrosive Spit**, Engulf (Water), Enhanced Senses (Depth Perception), Natural Weapon (Bite), Venom (Vector: Contact, Speed: 1 Combat Round, Power: 6, Efect: Poisoned 6P, Blindness)\*\*

**Weapons:**

**Corrosive Spit [Exotic Weapon, DV 6P, 12/10/4/—/—] Bite* [Close Combat, DV 1P (plus venom), 6/—/—/—/—]*\*

\***Note: For each additional meter in length above 1, add +1 Body and +1 Strength, to a maximum of 7. Also add +1 to Bite DV and AR.**

\*\***Note: Spitting pikes aim for the eyes if at all possible when spitting. They will always perform a Blinding Strike (p. 92, Firing Squad). This does not cost the critter Edge.**
