---
id: WL-0240
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Juggernaut - (Dasypus praegrandis)
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Juggernaut**

## **(Dasypus praegrandis)**

**I truly love these giant, misunderstood, monstrous armadillos. I’ve put in a lot of effort defending them from the misunderstandings created by their interactions with metahumanity. If you were a twenty-meter-long armored animal and had no concept of “buildings,” you would probably knock down a few in your daily life. It’s easiest for some of my older troll friends to relate to. When they frst came into this world, it wasn’t built for them. Many a chair fell beneath their weight. We have done some adjusting to that, but no one is ever going to adjust for the juggernaut, and the juggernaut is never going to understand our adjustments to the world.**

**Before I go on with more social-reform commentary, let’s talk parabiology. As I’ve said before, the juggernaut has a symbiotic relationship with its own internal bacteria that allow it to operate with and without oxygen. It provides extra heat for the bacteria, and the bacteria return oxygen and nutrients. After that discovery, I sought out an answer as to why it has this ability. It lives primarily above ground with the occasional burrow dug into a cliffside or wandering into a tunnel dug out for cars or trains. None of these are places where oxygen levels would be a concern. In order to fnd the answer, I had to delve into juggernaut breeding, which is a rare event. It is also devastating to the environment where it occurs. If one juggernaut seems clumsy and destructive, imagine two. One event I recorded occurred in Bright Springs, a mining-era ghost town in the PCC. Well, it was. Now there is nothing but splintered wood, devastated earth, and a fairly large hole where the female dug in for the entire gestation period, which was shorter than I would have expected. As it turns out, young juggernauts are born at the size of a grown German shepherd. They each then dig a small tunnel for themselves until they are large enough to exit the “nest” and go out on their own.**

**This is another reason for the bacterial relationship. Some of those offspring do not come up but rather sit in hibernation. This strange phenomenon makes me wonder how many young juggernauts are just waiting to rise up—and what are they waiting for. I’m guessing it’s a population-control issue, but unless I’m going to get into the business of juggernaut hunting in order to test this hypothesis, I need to simply wait and watch. I have managed to tag most of the currently active members of the population, and I’ve got monitors on the three nests I know of, so for now it’s a waiting game.**

**My near-death experience with the juggernaut is not a direct attack but instead an accident while studying a nest. Well, it was actually while looking for the nest and fnding it by falling in, but it’s all the same result.**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>



**==> picture [595 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**
