---
id: WL-0148
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Vodyanoy
page: 72
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Vodyanoy**

**The vodyanoy (** _**Pelophylax senexavus**_ **) is a species of amphibian named for a water spirit in Slavic mythology. The mythology tells of a malicious, bearded frog-like spirit who lurks in the dark and seeks to drown its victims. The creature**

**that bears the same name is less of a hostile entity and more of a nuisance. And while the Emergent frog-like creature won’t attempt to drown you, it’s pretty likely that it will drown your network in noise if you don’t bribe it with food.**

**The largest population of vodyanoy can be found in the Pripet marshes in Belarus along its southern border. This isn’t where the only population is located, as they have spread throughout the wetlands of Russia and Yakut. Colonies of vodyanoy tend to form near areas with metahuman populations and lots of devices.**

**An interesting development is how some corporate entities have taken advantage of these colonies, attracting them with devices and food to hide their facilities in noise. Some have gone as far as trying to domesticate the animals by building habitats and trying to train the vodyanoy on when to cause noise. Some corps are reporting success in this avenue of research.**

**The vodyanoy is shaped like a frog. It averages thirty-fve centimeters long and weighs four kilograms. The easiest way to recognize a vodyanoy compared to other frogs and toads is the less-pronounced jaw and beard underneath the mouth. The beard can be as long as the creature is. The skin of the belly is a light gray, and the back skin color ranges from light green to dark green. The age of the animal helps defne the color of the beard. The younger vodyanoy tend to have dark green or dark brown beard, while the older specimens have a gray beard. Another somewhat creepy attribute of the vodyanoy is that it has human-like teeth.**

**The digital avatars for these creatures in the Matrix are most often bugs found in the local swamps, such as dragonfies or water skimmers. Current theories are that the animal doesn’t really understand how it looks and instead takes on the aspects of things it most often sees or that they are selecting animals that move quickly in their natural environment. They don’t seem to be interested in any of the data located on devices or hosts. They focus their efforts on ramping up noise around areas with many devices. The other hallmark of the species is that they often leave messages on devices containing a picture of food and a location.**

**Outside of the Matrix, the vodyanoy live in colonies that consist of around eight to twelve family groups. The creatures pose no real risk to larger animals and will use their burrows and dens to hide away from predators. There have been reports of some colonies using traffc lights and other nearby devices to help stop predators. Unlike nearby marsh frogs that produce thousands of eggs during the breeding season, the vodyanoy spawn a much smaller number of eggs. The largest batches of eggs for this amphibian reach the low 200s.**

**The natural capabilities of the vodyanoy really come down to hunting its primary prey—insects,**

**==> picture [17 x 122] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>




**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [177 x 138] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [178 x 138] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 731] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [177 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [178 x 139] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [354 x 70] intentionally omitted \<==**

**primarily dragonfies. The critter has some minimal camoufage ability as well as a long, sticky tongue with a mild natural poison. The poison doesn’t seem to have much impact on metahumans unless they’re already sickly.**
