---
id: WL-0226
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Critter Corner: Elephants'
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Critter Corner: Elephants**

**Welcome back to Critter Corner. I’m your host, Mr. Johnson, here to talk about elephants. Not just any elephants, but the powerful Awakened varieties that you’re likely to encounter in the savannas of the Sixth World.**

**First up is the bullyphant, a large, tough, and aggressive elephant with a vengeful and protective streak. These critters are a powerful deterrent against poachers, and their presence is a signifcant factor in the resurgence of the world’s elephant population. That might sound good, but keep in mind that these elephants are not friendly—much like a Lone Star patrol, they aren’t likely to ask questions before they put the hurt on you. If you’re anywhere near a herd of elephants that is under the protection of a bullyphant, they will very likely consider you a potential threat. As for their capabilities, these critters are fairly straightforward. They’re extremely perceptive, immensely strong, they can run fast enough to run down almost any metahuman, and their hardened armor is resistant to almost any physical attacks. Once they decide to wreck something, it either gets away or gets wrecked.**

**The other elephant paracritter on our list is the Grimm’s elephant. Much like the bullyphant, the Grimm’s elephant often coexists with a herd of mundane elephants and lashes out against those who threaten them. Somewhat smaller and less heavily armored than a bullyphant, these critters can blend in more easily with a herd, but close observation reveals a more predatory appearance. Grimm’s elephants are beyond vengeful—they are toxic critters who seek out and kill any people they encounter. Where the bullyphant is dangerous and protective, the Grimm’s elephant is malevolent, often going out of their way to wipe out people who are no danger their herd.**
