---
id: WL-0252
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: Deathrattle - (Crotalus nex)
page: 123
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Deathrattle**

## **(Crotalus nex)**

**I got bit. That’s the basics of nearly getting killed by a deathrattle. How I survived was actually a story someone else had to tell me, because my tiny hoop was not built to endure the venom of these things. I was continuing my studies on this species when a subject got loose in the lab. I heard my lab assistant scream in pain, turned around, and it was on me in a blink. As soon as it sank its fangs into me, I unloaded a bolt of lightning into it. Crispy-fried the subject, but I only managed to make it the “two steps” they say you have when a viper gets you.**

**It was a gods-awful two steps at that. The pain from the venom is indescribable. While my scientifc brain was almost giddy at the experience, my real-world body was screaming! Waves of fre, acid, chills, and pure pain crashed one after another in random order.**

**For those who aren’t familiar with the deathrattle, they are an Awakened diamondback rattlesnake. They managed to Awaken from both eastern and western varieties and are primarily distinguished by the crown of heavier scales they develop around their head. Other than that, they look like a large diamondback specimen. Besides the crown, the only way to determine if you are dealing with a deathrattle or just a regular old deadly diamondback is if you attack it and the bullet doesn’t just make it explode, or it attacks you by spitting its horrendous venom at you before trying to inject it into your veins.**

**That spit is what got my lab assistant. As I saw when I reviewed the security footage, she placed the specimen back into its glass cage but didn’t wait to see the maglock properly engage. The deathrattle pushed the cage open, spit at her, and then bit me. It was hard to watch, but at least I survived it. That was thanks to Talus, a snake shaman and experienced runner who happened to be**



**==> picture [19 x 213] intentionally omitted \<==**
