---
id: WL-0072
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: White Bison
page: 33
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **White Bison**

**Long has the white bison (** _**Bison bison blanc**_ **) been sacred among Native American religions, often seen as both a blessing and an ill portent. These myths tell of the return of the white buffalo to a time when humanity is being evaluated concerning their ability to live in harmony with nature. If they failed to meet these measures, the tribe would be cursed until the next evaluation. In more recent history, these rare creatures were thought to be rare genetic mutations such as albinism or leucistic. After the Awakening, multiple white bison were spotted in the wild, and we have learned that they are actually a magically active form of the North American bison (** _**Bison bison**_ **).**

**The white bison is not a distinct separate species from the American bison. Bison born from white bison don’t necessarily share the same traits as the parents and may be born mundane. The white bi-**



**==> picture [19 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [174 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [175 x 171] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [36 x 731] intentionally omitted \<==**


**==> picture [174 x 172] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [175 x 172] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [140 x 172] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [348 x 69] intentionally omitted \<==**

**son is known for its brilliant white coat and short grey horns. The blanc subspecies is generally larger and heavier than their mundane cousin. With a height of three meters to the shoulder and over four meters in length, the white bison easily stands out in a herd of bison. They weigh 1,300 kilograms as a full-grown adult.**

**While the ownership of a white bison pelt is illegal, the value of them on the black market is high enough for individuals to brave the penalties. This has resulted in help from one of the unlikeliest of organizations: the Koshari. They have been known to sponsor teams to assassinate known poachers.**

**Like its progenitor species, the white bison is an herbivore that grazes on grasses in the plains of North America. A white bison is more aggressive and territorial than the other bison in its herd. A single charging bison is terrifying, but we’ve seen entire herds act in concert, mimicking the behavior of the white bison in the group. A similar herd without a white bison has been shown to not act in this aggressive manner, leading scientists to believe that the white bison has some form of infuence on the behavior of those around it.**

**==> picture [210 x 62] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
white bison<br>B A R S W L I C M ESS<br>9 3 3 8 3 2 4 3 4 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>9 7/2 A1, I3 13 10/30/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills: Athletics 3, Close Combat 3, Infuence 2 (Intimidation +2), Outdoors 4, Perception 3**

**Powers: Animal Control (Bufalo), Enhanced Senses (hearing, smell), Immunity (pathogens), Search**

**Weakness: Allergy (pollutants, Severe)**

**Weapons:**

**The white bison has a special place today within the tribes of the Native American Nations. The NAN has enacted laws to protect the white bison and also restrict pollution near the grasslands that the bison call its home. These protections have defnitively helped increase the number of white bison in the NAN, which only encouraged poachers.**

**Trample [Close Combat, DV 4P, 11/—/—/—/—] Butt [Close Combat, DV 2S, 11/—/—/—/—]**

**Note: Herds of bison act as a grunt group (p. 114, SR6) in terms of trampling attacks.**


**==> picture [612 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
34<br>GRASSLANDS AND PLAINS //<br>SHADOWRUN: WILD LIFE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**==> picture [35 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [234 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [201 x 244] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [102 x 355] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [34 x 105] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [367 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**
