---
id: WL-0313
source: Wild Life
chapter: General
topic: 'Posted by: Juice Box'
page: 158
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Posted by: Juice Box**

Hard Exit asked me to make this post. She told me to make it informative, honest, and as brief as possible.

Every city is like a fi ngerprint in that it’s unique, but the loops and whorls of a city’s identity are its buildings, roads, and ecosystems. This lends it to more diverse, interesting, and diffi cult environments, more so than any other region previously discussed. Some of those patterns are aspects of other regions, and I believe that’s why urban areas have been placed at the end. If you don’t understand all the different habitats, how can you begin to understand the urban landscape that sits within them?

Manaus, located in the heart of Amazonia, offers a unique combination of urban and natural landscapes that provide an iconic and vibrant experience. The area is located in a rainforest and has lush vegetation, a diverse array of insects, and a variety of bird and mammal species. Its popuNext, let’s turn our attention to Alice Springs, Australia. Alice Springs is located in the center of Australia. Its biome is dominated by desert plants and animals such as cacti, lizards, and small mammals. The city’s population is in the tens of thousands, and though it lacks many of the large-city



**==> picture [595 x 35] intentionally omitted \<==**

**==> picture [18 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**


**ments are exciting and spectacular places to visit or live, but they also require additional caution and awareness to stay safe. The term “urban” has origins in Latin. Simply translated, it means “belonging to the city.” If you go in unprepared or let your guard down, you could end up “belonging to the city,” being taken by it forever.**
