---
id: WN-0494
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Sully - (Rigger, Connection rating 3)
page: 148
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Sully

## (Rigger, Connection rating 3)

Sully is a specialized rigger. He doesn’t do drones, and he doesn’t do combat. He just gets you from place to place quickly and efficiently. He usually relies on ground transportation, but he can do watercraft as well, and he can pilot a helicopter in a pinch.

As a professional New York City driver, Sully is also a chatterbox. He won’t get into anything he’s not supposed to know about, such as what his passengers are up to, but conversation about the weather, sports, and current events starts to flow out of his mouth as soon as he starts his engine. He can be a bit of the boor, but don’t let that distract you from the fact that he’s good at what he does.

Sully is a human male, about 1.2 meters tall, unshaven, and of course he always wears a herringbone flat cap.

**==> picture [209 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>2 4 6(8) 2 4 3 5 2 5 1.7<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>5 13/3 1A,14 9/10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 2, Con 2, Electronics 6, Engineering 4, Firearms 2, Outdoors 4 (Urban +2), Perception 7, Piloting 5 (Ground Craft +3, Watercraft +2), Stealth 5 **Qualities:** Combat Paralysis, Gearhead, Juryrigger

**Augmentations:** Control rig 3, cybereyes 3 (w/ flare compensation, low-light vision, vision enhancement, vision magnification), synaptic booster 2 **Gear:** Ares Red Dog RCC (DR 6), armor vest (DR +3, Social –1), Hermes Ikon commlink (rating 5)
