---
id: WN-0034
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Central Park
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Central Park

Loch and around the twenty-four-meter-tall obelisk known as Cleopatra’s Needle.

The park is maintained by the Central Park Conservatory, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Shiawase. They run the zoo and its collection of paranormal critters, as well as the skating rink and the Michelin Star-rated Tavern on the Green. Other properties, like Belvedere Castle, are privately owned and operated, though it is unclear how anyone can purchase real estate in Central Park.

- Belvedere Castle is run by the Society of Hawks, who, if anyone has been paying attention, are a localized order of the Black Lodge. After what went on in Toronto, we all should be wary of this group. They leave part of the castle open to the public to put a pretty face on what they do, but the closed-off areas are heavily warded.

- Snopes

- Up near Harlem, the North Woods house the strangest wildlife NYC has to offer. Officially, everything in the park is metahuman-friendly, but I wouldn’t advise testing a hungry pack of barghests after dark.

- Ecotope

The park isn’t considered a district because nobody represents it on the city council, though that doesn’t change how important it is to the city—or its impact on how you move through the city. Cars aren’t allowed to go into the park proper, but there are transverses at 66[th] , 79[th] , 86[th] , and 97[th] that let you drive directly through to the other side. The Central Park precinct borders the Emori Shiawase Memorial Reservoir, which was recommissioned in 2035 to service the Parkside district. The location was chosen for more than its aesthetic value as the cops have had to defend the reservoir from eco-terrorist attacks a dozen times over the past fifty years. Beyond the mounted police, the precinct relies on a network of armed drones as a first-response tactic until officers arrive.

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WHISPER NETS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- **Security Rating:** AAA

- **Typical Host Rating:** 2/1/1

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Shiawase

There aren’t many places in the world where you’ll find eight hundred forty-three acres of curated woodlands and grass fields plopped down right in the middle of a densely packed urban center. It’s a lot like stepping out of a futuristic doss and directly into the Middle Ages. The MDC works hard to preserve that contrast to the point that AR advertising is restricted to specified sites within the park. The cops here ride horses, and there is an honest-to-goodness castle on a pond. Even magic is different here. From what my magic-using friends tell me, there are more mana disruptions in the park than most of the city—particularly in the
