---
id: WN-0433
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Dis-sent
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Dis-sent

The metaplane of Dis feels it has a good thing going with the bargains they’ve made, and they also have large plans ahead, and they don’t want any of them disrupted. Disians always prefer co-opting opponents to conquering them, though, so a representative is sent to talk to the PCs.

The representative is a Force 5 free kindred spirit known as Coppernickel. Coppernickel materializes in front of the PCs in a private spot, and he is quite willing to surprise them with a sudden appearance. Coppernickel presents as a man in a pinstriped vest and pants, wavy copper hair, and a thick copper mustache. He talks like he’s about to give a motivational speech. He beats around the bush a little with some small talk, but his ultimate goal is to talk about Dis’ manasphere. He knows it’s off balance, and he says he’d love the PCs’ support in making it better. He has two asks of the PCs: First, he says they can tell others about what they noticed about Dis’ manasphere, but he’d ask them to portray it as an ongoing disaster that needs assistance, like a hurricane. Second, he asks them not to spread word of the Governors Island portal, as they don’t need interlopers and they certainly don’t need the portal to be shut down. In exchange, he offers the PCs a lump sum of 3,000 nuyen and something perhaps much more valuable: some time with a Dis operative going by the name of Shirley Pettis who is highly placed in Ares. Coppernickel insinuates that knowing someone in a high place in Ares would be quite valuable with the leadership vote coming up.
