---
id: WN-0061
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Aztechnology
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology

**Local Subsidiaries:** MediCarro, Microtónica Azteca, Mystics and Magicks, Nature-Taste, Stuffer Shack, Trés Chic Cosmetics

AZT’s New York history is filled with missteps. They bought the naming rights to the Brooklyn Bridge and tried to name it after their CEO. They quickly discovered that while that shit may fly for Ares, New Yorkers don’t feel the same about



Aztechnology co-opting bits of their history. That said, the city owes a tremendous debt to AZT— no other corporation put more nuyen behind the rebuilding of Manhattan. This might be why NY largely turns a blind eye to AZT’s internal strife, even when those battles play themselves out on the city streets.

Over the past few years, there have been six explosions at Aztechnology research facilities within the city, resulting in numerous deaths of Aztech employees and local citizens who happened to be in the area. At least two of those attacks have been credited to eco-terrorist groups trying to bring attention to the atrocities committed during the Amazonian war.

- Two more of those incidents were failed assassination attempts on Domingo Chavez. He’s been spending time at his properties locally, so all signs point to the hits being internally sanctioned. Someone in the corporation doesn’t like how Chavez operates and is determined to put a stop to it.

- Marcos

They say food is the way to a person’s heart. AZT is the number one food supplier to NYC, which goes a long way toward helping locals forget about the bad things Aztechnology is all too often responsible for. Stuffer Shack is practically an institution in the poorer sections of the city, while many of the higher-end restaurants throughout Manhattan rely on goods brought into port by Aztechnology to get those five-star meals to the table.
