---
id: WN-0336
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: NYU Medical School Virtual Faculty Lounge
page: 94
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## NYU Medical School Virtual Faculty Lounge

Even adjunct faculty can feel like they belong when they visit the Medical School Virtual Faculty Lounge. The simsense coffee is not very stimulating, the refreshments are not at all filling, but the atmosphere is classy and academic, and the views are the finest digital vistas a university can sculpt (generating and maintaining the graphics are assignments given to undergrads). The atmosphere is on the sleepy side, as it’s a place people go to unwind and be away from students.

The lounge features orange-and-white furniture and light blue carpeting. One wall has a bookshelf

21: THEthat has digital access to NYU’s entire collection. Next to another wall is a table with a coffee urn and pastries that are entirely insubstantial but can fool you into thinking they taste good.

The lounge is a separate host from the rest of the NYU host, and it’s the only way to connect to the secret lab host. The entrance to that host is hidden behind a file cabinet next to the refreshments table. Finding the hidden host requires an Electronics + Intuition vs. Firewall + Sleaze test, and then the host needs to be hacked to gain entrance (though one time-honored way of hacking is to con someone with access to give it to you).

The furnishings in the virtual lab are similar to the décor in the faculty lounge, but with more desks and AR displays and a more intense vibe. People move around a lot and talk to one another.
