---
id: WN-0439
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Ares Macrotechnology
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Macrotechnology

Ares wants dirt on their rivals. Their move to the CAS has them feeling bold, and getting some leverage to use on their rivals would be a lot of fun. So information on who is supporting Animus, who is connected to Dis, and who did what in Denver is all interesting to them, and they’ll pay for each piece they get. They aren’t exactly in a position to outbid everyone and they know it, but they also know they don’t need exclusive ownership of this info—they just need a piece of the action.

_Sends_ : Donovan Peters, a mid-level exec with big aspirations. Two full Knight Errant High Threat Response Teams. Detective: Simon Carey.

_Resources_ : Two KE HTR teams (use nine Firewatch, p. 137, _Firing Squad_ ; one Detective Mage, p. 138, _Firing Squad_ ; one Minuteman Rigger, p. 206, _SR6_ ; increase skills by 2); total of 22 officers in two Ares Dragons (p. 298, _SR6_ ) with Ingram Valiants (gel ammo) and two MGL-6 (stun grenades).

_Tactics_ : Donovan sets up a meeting offering to come alone, but he arrives with the full support of his corporation. The meeting is in Central Park in a very public spot.

Shortly after the meeting begins, Donavan takes a round to the forehead. Somehow, two Ares Dragons full of KE HTR teams are on the scene in moments. They are there to arrest the team (using all non-lethal munitions) and deliver them to Detective Carey, who will then threaten life in prison if they don’t spill useful information when they are interrogated.

_Offer_ : Not going to jail, for starters. But they know how this game is played, so they’ll eventually sweeten the pot with 25,000 nuyen for each AAA they get good dirt about.

_Conditions for Attack:_ The team arresting the PCs will be as forceful as necessary to get them to comply. They really dislike people who resist arrest, and they show that displeasure forcefully.

_Way to Play Off Other Factions:_ In this whole bargaining process, the PCs might come across new information that could make a corp look bad. Ares is always there waiting to hear it, with another 25,000 nuyen payout—but only if it’s a corp they don’t already have dirt on from the PCs. Could the PCs attempt to fake some information and sell it to Ares? They can always give it a shot! _Aftermath Attack Risk:_ None
