---
id: WN-0032
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: New Harlem
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## New Harlem

- **Council Member:** Edward S. Hale

- **Security Rating:** B

- **Typical Host Rating:** 3

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Mitsuhama, Saeder-Krupp, Ares

The neighborhoods of Harlem and Spanish Harlem were pummeled by the 2005 quake, and again by corporate greed when Mitsuhama took over and tried to whitewash the history of the land by renaming it Newtown. That effort lasted several decades until Mitsuhama was kicked off the MDC. The recent campaign to restore Harlem’s history is little more than a PR stunt to get back in the MDC, but it took hold with the right people, and Harlem is Harlem once again.

New Harlem starts at 155[th] Street in the Sugar Hill neighborhood and spans the width of the island all the way to where Central Park starts at 110[th] . Like Washington Heights, it’s an extremely large district in which a lack of council votes is indicative of the city’s historical biases; however, Harlem is strong in other ways. MCT makes its home in Harlem, and both S-K and Ares have put down roots in the district, paving the way for other companies to invest. Currently Maersk, KondOrchid, and Kwonsham Industries are in a bidding war to obtain a stretch of Hudson shoreline between 151[st] and 155[th] with plans to construct an arcology.

New York’s elite don’t often travel here, but when they do, it’s in armored vehicles—usually to visit one of a handful of cultural locations, including the Apollo Theater, Sylvia’s Soul Food, and the Douglass Society.

- Every time a wanted bulletin for a neo-anarchist goes up, NYPD comes sniffing around Harlem. People here are very anticorp, and they see MCT’s attempt to erase history for what it is. They also see Ares and S-K opening housing complexes for their citizens as another attempt at not only gentrification, but in some cases eradication of pre-existing culture. Longtime residents tend to agree and give shelter to neo-anarchists either in their homes or by providing access to the handful of remaining sections of abandoned subway lines running east– west beneath Harlem.

- Ecotope
