---
id: WN-0288
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Hotspots - Mitsuhama Arcology, New Harlem
page: 79
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspots

## Mitsuhama Arcology, New Harlem

The first floor of the 120-story Mitsuhama Arcology is a public mall, and the top thirty floors contain a luxury hotel, the Tenrai, which means that the building is open at all hours. There are also three basement floors for parking and three unused sub-basement floors. Every entrance into

the arcology, and between the public and private areas, has a security team of four guards (use Lone Star Patrolman, p. 206, _SR6_ ) checking IDs with a rating 3 SIN scanner. Security guards also patrol the building in two-person teams, and a rapid-response HTR team is stationed on the twenty-fifth-floor security office. All exterior door frames contain a rating 5 MAD scanner and a rating 5 olfactory scanner, and there are also cameras covering all the entrances and all public areas. There is a rating 5 public host serving the arcology, with several connected shell hosts that include a rating 8 security host (for cameras, scanners, maglocks, elevators) and a rating 5 host serving the hotel. The service elevator and stairs traverse the entire building, private elevators access the parking through 90th floors, and public elevators serve the basement parking, first-floor mall, and the 91[st] to 120[th] floor hotel. Anyone flagged by the door scanners or simply stopped for looking suspicious will be asked to leave the arcology and a report will be sent to NYPD, Inc. The archology security forces will make an initial attempt to be polite and avoid a direct confrontation, but will not shy away from violence if it’s warranted, and will call in the onsite HTR team if necessary.
