---
id: WN-0480
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Malcolm Jamal Sutton - (Fixer, Connection rating 3)
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Malcolm Jamal Sutton

## (Fixer, Connection rating 3)

Malcolm Jamal Sutton is Synergestic’s chief interactive engagement engineer. He is a longstanding Goldwater Club member and descendent of the family that originally owned Harlem’s Apollo Theater. Sutton played a large role in bringing Harlem back, both in name and in spirit. His wheeling and dealing came at a price, as his reputation in the shadows has taken a serious hit, and few people are still willing to work with him. He knows he needs to change the conversation with a win. The way he intends to do that is twofold: He intends to use shadowrunners to set up a problem that benefits the people he screwed outside the corporation that will likely make his boss lose face in the corporation. Everybody wins.

Sutton is broad-shouldered and handsome. His look is manicured right down to the shoelaces. He greets everyone with a smile and a handshake, as though he’s known them for years.

**==> picture [191 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>3 3 4 4 5 4 5 4(+2) 4 5.0<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>6 9/1 A1, I2 10/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 1, Con 4 (Fast Talk +2), Close Combat 2, Electronics 4, Firearms 4, Influence 5 (Leadership +2), Perception 5, Piloting 2 (Ground Craft +2), Stealth 2 **Qualities:** Bad Rep, First Impression, Indomitable **Augmentations:** Tailored pheromones 2, toxin extractor 3

**Gear:** Ace of Coins coat (DR +3, S +6), contacts (capacity 3, w/ image link, smartlink), Hermes Ikon commlink (rating 5)

**Weapons:**

Colt Manhunter [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA, 10/8/6/—/—, 14(c), w/ smartgun]
