---
id: WN-0037
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: West End
page: 19
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## West End

- **Council Member:** Ayla Hamilton

- **Security Rating:** B

- **Typical Host Rating:** 4/2/2

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Evo, Nagato Corporation, Marsh and Hound Limited, DocWagon, NewsNet Inc.



The biggest problem NYC has is its urban growth boundary. Without adding land mass to the city, the only solution to a growing population is to tear down what exists and build it higher. The West End is the result of the collision of this philosophy with the reality of what it actually takes to make that happen. The West End begins at 9[th] below the 29[th] Street walls of Terminal and continues to the Hudson River, taking in all the real estate southward until the 14[th] Street divide. This encompasses an area once known as Chelsea, and then Southside. The land here has changed corporate hands a dozen times, each time being treated as an opportunity to move on from its life as a housing enclave for mid-tier workers and managers, to more lucrative opportunities such as research space, dockland storage, or even once as the proposed site for a mega-sized arena that would host multiple NY sports teams. None of these plans stuck—the West End wouldn’t let them.

The area remains a largely residential neighborhood with a mix of stores and twenty-plus-story tenements. What makes it uniquely New York is the influence its residents—and more specifically, the gangs or organized crime outfits they represent—manage to wield over how the district is run. Several dozen A-level or lesser corporations and subsidiaries are crammed into the district, including Marsh and Hound Limited, DocWagon, NewsNet Inc., and the city’s primary sanitation supplier, Green-Collar Technologies. All of them are tied in to the local criminal element in one way or another. Those relationships keep these corps running here—and keep other corps from coming in and taking over.

- Yankee’s not going to tell you this, because of his own past, but the Cutters run West End. They’ve been embedded in the area for the past fifty years. In that time, they’ve dealt with a number of rival gangs—especially deeper into the district, where they’re presently feuding with the Blood Monkeys. Closer to the shore, they’ve settled into an uneasy peace with the Ancients to control the skimmer trade, bringing illegal goods onto the Island.

- Raven-who-walks
