---
id: WN-0455
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: 'Preamble: Background - (Animus / CIA)'
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Preamble: Background

## (Animus / CIA)

During the mid-twentieth century, the CIA began a series of black-book projects—starting with MK-Ultra—with the goal of developing brainwashing and mental manipulation techniques. This was soon followed by Project Stargate, designed to study paranormal mental abilities. Over the decades, other projects developed along the same lines, including Project Mindflayer around the turn of the century. The latest project in this series, Operation Anima, was formed in 2049 to adapt ASIST technology to mental manipulation techniques. The records lost in Crash 2.0 allowed the CIA to sever the project’s official connection to

the UCAS government, changing the name to Animus Construction and making it an independent operation under the direct control of now-director Kent Burroughs. As the organization grew and branched out, Burroughs had to recruit a number of executives to run the day-to-day operations. Eventually, these included Jonathan Blake. Using his position on the Animus Construction board of directors, Blake has set his own plans in motion, secretly working with Miles Lanier to figure out their own ways to take advantage of Animus tech.

The CFD crisis of 2076 altered the trajectory of Animus Construction’s research and introduced the idea of using nanotech for neurological alteration. Agents were placed in several labs researching CFD, including the NeoNET facilities in Boston, where Dr. Kinsey Trujillo and the AI known as Vida Nova were recruited. With Trujillo and Vida Nova added to the research staff, new advances came rapidly. The Monad-derived memory-altering technology advanced with each new breakthrough in CFD treatments, and with nanotechnology ingeneral. As field experiments of the technology proved successful, rumors spread through a very select circle of powerful and ultra-wealthy individuals about Animus Construction. This included Gabrielle Al Thani—who learned of the operation from her Null Sect allies—and used the technology to erase her own memory of planning Johnny Spinrad’s death. Evan Teeg of MCT: North America is also using Animus technology to erase evidence of the megas’ involvement in Denver, trading the specialized equipment Animus needs to expand their operation. Of course, the primary customer remained the CIA and the UCAS, and they had plans for the technology.
