---
id: WN-0418
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Hotspot - 44 Union Square
page: 118
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspot

## 44 Union Square

This former home of one of Manhattan’s most notorious political machines was rehabilitated just past the turn of the century and equipped with a glass dome that runs its entire length. It’s a six-story building, and the dome has views of the fifth and sixth floors. The uses of each floor are as follows:

_Basement:_ Recently leased to a nonprofit organization that closed its doors, the basement is currently vacant.

_First floor:_ Occupied by the Ledger, an organization that provides accounting and financial services to smaller organizations. It has about thirty staff members during normal business hours, but only about ten are there at 7 p.m.

_Second and third floors:_ Offices of a lobbying firm called By the People. Total staff of sixty, most of them occupying cubicles and smaller offices on the second floor. The third floor has conference rooms and executive offices for the firm. It’s mostly empty at 7 p.m., but there are always two security

guards (use Lone Star SWAT Officer, p. 207, _SR6_ ) walking the hallways here.

_Fourth floor:_ There is no permanent occupant of this floor. By the People sometimes uses the offices here for overflow, and the building rents out space here on an hourly, daily, weekly, and monthly basis. The Animus meeting and associated security is the only activity happening on this floor during this mission.

_Fifth and Sixth Floors_ : Café and lounge. These areas have nice views and lighting thanks to the glass dome, so they’re a popular place for the people who work here to lounge. It’s often used for meetings with people from outside the building, and there is at least one of these happening the whole time the PCs are at the building. The café closes at 6 p.m.
