---
id: WN-0399
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Little Dog Lost
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Little Dog Lost

Heiress and social influencer Katarina Chu is known for two things: her ever-changing hair color and her genetically modified corgi named Chow. Katarina was on her MeFeed broadcasting her preparation for tonight’s gala while her assistant walked Chow on the west side of Central Park. He was attacked and beaten by a group of thugs who stole Chow and raced off into the woods. They contacted her soon after, asking for a 500,000 nuyen ransom. She considered calling the cops, but she couldn’t afford the press. So instead, she called Eager, and he called the runners. Chow is tagged, and the locater suggests the dog is alive and in the North Woods of Central Park. Find Katarina’s lost dog before something awful happens—something like her being late to the Met Gala, or worse, having to show up without her prized companion. Chu is open to paying 4,000 nuyen for the safe return of her companion. She is at a disadvantage, given how upset she is over the loss. The runners gain a point of Edge during negotiations due to this.

It turns out the people who dognapped Chow were a trio of street kids who took her to the North Woods to hide out and ask for ransom. Unfortunately, Chow is in heat, and that drew a pack of nine Hellhounds that live in the park’s North Woods (use Hellhound, p. 218, _SR6_ ). The animals killed the trio of dognappers and decided to make Chow part of their pack. The runners will need to subdue the Hellhounds as well as Chow, who has no intention of leaving her new companions.

Successfully completing this mission will net the runners an important contact in the social scene— Chu is Connection 4, Loyalty 2.
