---
id: WN-0478
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Jonathan Blake - (CEO/mayor/fixer, Connection Rating 6)
page: 144
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- adept-powers
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Jonathan Blake

## (CEO/mayor/fixer, Connection Rating 6)

The story of Jonathan Blake began when he rose the Saeder-Krupp ranks to become one of the many Brackhauses they have arranging runs for them. Or maybe it began with the Wuxing stock he inherited from Dunkelzahn. Perhaps the proper starting point was his purchase of Centurion Security. Or maybe when he was elected mayor of Bellevue.

The point is, Jonathan Blake has packed a lot into one lifetime, and since he never settles on any one thing, he’s going to pack even more. He’s a man of many ambitions, but what’s not clear is where his ambition is pointed. Some of it’s personal, sure, when it comes to amassing power and wealth, but his efforts in Bellevue point to a desire to build something beyond himself. He might not know for sure what he’s going to build, but his ambition tells him it will be bigger than anything he has ever seen.

**==> picture [201 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS M<br>5 5 5(7) 4 5 5 6 6 6 6.0 6<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>8 11(13)/3 A1,I4 11/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 5, Close Combat 5 (Unarmed +2), Con 5, Electronics 4, Firearms 6 (Automatics +2), Influence 7 (Leadership +2), Outdoors 4, Perception 6, Piloting 3 (Ground Craft +2), Stealth 6

**Knowledge Skills:** Bully Tactics, Corporate History, Covert Surveillance Techniques, Data Havens, Fixers, Matrix Seucirty Procedures, Media, Public Relations, Public Speaking, English (N), French (S), German (X), Italian (S), Japanese (S), Mandarin (S), Spanish

**Qualities:** Focused Ambition, Guts

**Adept Powers:** Attribute Boost (Charisma) 3, Combat Sense 1, Danger Sense, Enhanced Perception, Improved Reflexes 2, Improved Sense (Vision), Kinesics, Mystic Armor 2, Pain Resistance 1, Vocal Control

**Gear:** Armanté suit (DR +3, Social +10), commlink (rating 6), glasses (capacity 4, w/ image link, smartlink, thermographic vision), jammer (area, rating 6), respirator (rating 3)
