---
id: WN-0355
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Perception Test Threshold Info
page: 98
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Perception Test Threshold Info

- The bag holding Jinxy is a Faraday bag, composed of metal mesh that completely inhibits all wireless signals. If the runners don’t know Piper’s secret yet, it’s about to become apparent as Jinxy will reveal herself to help the runners. The runners find a note scribbled on the desk: “12:00; 50k¥; hurts MCT.” A recording on Piper’s link shows the assault team. They all speak Japanese with a distinct accent (Memory 4 test if the observer speaks Japanese). They are all MCT personnel, using specific slang and keywords from the corp. After Jinxy gets them access, they find communications between Piper and a Mr. Johnson she notes as having MCT ties, setting up their next steps. The runners locate a file connected to this MCT Mr. Johnson that includes the address for a safehouse they have used in the past, expressed as GPS coordinates and a building level within Terminal.

- 4


- 3



the jamming, but she wasn’t able to hold them off. They hit her with Stick-n-Shock and tasers as well. Jinxy lost connection with everything when they stuffed her in the bag.

She could hear muffled gunshots in the hallway after a door got kicked open. She also heard the

23: FREEDOMmen speaking Japanese. They talked about snagging another monad, as if they do it regularly, while discussing bringing in Jinxy as well. but the company didn’t order them to get the cat, just the monad Piper Jane.

If the runners don’t know, Jinxy will tell them Jon Nox is also a monad and might be able to help, too.

A free Jinxy can access the data Piper was keeping in her own mental storage as they shared files on a regular basis.

Jinxy and Nox can help track down Piper by providing the file described in the **Clues in the Office** sidebar with the safehouse address. The attack occurred around 15:00 (or whenever is convenient if the runners were really early). If only one runner was present and socializing when the attack arrives, they’re welcome to join the fight, get knocked out, and then help out in the investigation (but they need to go down).
