---
id: WN-0315
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: '18: the underneath - Hook'
page: 86
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 18: the underneath

## Hook

Sometimes a payday is just a way to lead to more paydays or better relationships. The runners are gaining a rep for being the in-the-know team, and the neo-anarchist Storm Ravens have gotten hints of what is going on and want to get on the runner’s good side in hopes of being able to get some key info slipped their way down the road.

The team is contacted by Piper Jane for a meet at Bailey’s Pub near Central Park at 21:00 with Mr. Jones. There’s a job offer on the line that may lead to more jobs and also some sweet paydata the runners can sell for themselves. They’re told to ask for Jones at the bar. Piper answers any questions about Mr. Jones rather than Johnson with a flippant, “I don’t always deal with the normal crowd.”

At Bailey’s Pub, the bar is mostly empty; only a dozen of the abundant seating spaces are taken, as most of the patrons are bellied up to the bar. The bartender—a female human with blue hair, several tattoos, and a rather direct demeanor—calls over one of the two servers and tells them to “take the team back to Jones.”

Jones is in the hidden back room full of clocks with two guards (use Sons of Sauron Brute, p. 205, _SR6_ ), both of whom sport a ganger-like style but no particular tags. Jones is a male ork with a thick pink mohawk wearing a punk mockery of a Vashon Island suit with metal studs and patches for various bands and gangs. He talks with a heavy New York accent and speaks to the team more like peers than minions.

He prefaces his offer of 10,000 nuyen with a story about a free spirit of earth digging up old secrets from pre-quake sites. Lots of good paydata has come out of it that’s hit the corps where it hurts. He has a lead on a site in Central Park that he wants the runners to check out. If the runners agree, he directs them to the basement of the Arsenal, which has been blocked for years. Rumors abound about a Corporate Court datastore black site that could hold dirt on some of the biggest corporate names. (The truth of what’s there is in **The Job** section.)
