---
id: WN-0398
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Anything for a Story - a sampling of met gala celebrity guests
page: 111
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Anything for a Story

## a sampling of met gala celebrity guests

- Keiiha of the Lake Louise centaurs

- Nadja Daviar and Ryan Mercury

- Katrina Thyssen

- Mary-Beth Tyre

- Buttercup

- Leslie Lockhart

- Jonathan Blake and Miranda King

- Karen King

- Miles Lanier

- All members of the MDC

- Gabrielle Al Thani

- Claudia Romanov

- Becky Wu Ping

- Kimama Edmo of Complectogram

- Erebus & Cerberus (the performer, not the AI)

- Reese Frenzy

- Daelan Green, Mitsuhama Ronin

- Katarina Chu, Social Influencer

- Kiana Mahi’ai, Draco Foundation Magical Innovation Winner, 2082

- Asa Holmgren, Draco Foundation Technological Innovation Winner, 2082

Bailey West contacts the runners just after 11 a.m. with an urgent request. She learned that Gabrielle Al Thani Spinrad manipulated events to force an “accidental” meeting between herself and Miles Lanier at an exclusive pre-party at an event space tucked away in the east village. When she reached out to one of her muckraker contacts to confirm, he decided to take the story himself and take her out. She’s now pinned down in New Harlem with a shadow team stalking her, and she needs to get into that party!

She asks the runners to extract her from her location, and since she already missed her way in, sneak her inside so she can do her job. The party starts at 1:00 p.m., and the clock is ticking. West doesn’t have any money to offer, instead she offers paydata on Carol McTavish and her shell corporation Lighthouse Industries that could expose McTavish’s employer. She believes it is data the runners could use either to extort McTavish or sell on the open market.

Bailey is holed up in an Ares-run elementary school near 150[th] and Broadway. The pursuing



team of runners is composed of four street samurai (use Renraku Red Samurai, p. 208, _SR6_ ) led by a combat mage (use Combat Mage, p. 82, _SR6_ ). The school is closed, and the runner team is moving room to room trying to find her.

The event space is a converted synagogue in the middle of a block of low-slung residences. In addition to the main entrance, there is a rear doorway that opens to a narrow alley that the building shares with other buildings on the block, and a side entrance that leads to a small outdoor space surrounded by the other buildings on the block. All three exits are guarded by plainclothes security from Centurion Services International (use Centurion Security, p. 140, _Firing Squad_ ). The rooftop is sloped and has a hatchway entry point, which is locked. It may be picked with an Engineering + Agility (6, 1 combat round) Extended test. While no security is guarding the roof entry, there is an officer patrolling the top level of the facility.
