---
id: WN-0040
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Heritage
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Heritage

- **Council Member:** Lucia Osgood

- **Security Rating:** B

- **Typical Host Rating:** 3/2/2

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Nagato Corporation, Brackhaven Investments, Frankfurt Banking Association

New York has a difficult history of slapping a fresh coat of paint over a thing and calling it good. This stretch of the Lower East Side was called the Pit not so long ago. The problems with gangs and paranormal critters such as devil rats were so bad the NYPD pulled out and let Winter Systems do the policing. The government cared even less. They left the management of the zone to a pair of citizen-led groups known as Urban Heritage and Lower East Heritage. However, real estate being what it is in the city, someone was eventually going to put up the cash for revitalization. That someone manifested in the form of three AA-rated corporations who, coincidentally, were all bidding for seats on the MDC. Brackhaven Investments, the Frankfurt Banking Association, and the Nagato Corporation poured nuyen into local organizations, with Nagato buying up enough land to start construction on

their own arcology. That was just the beginning. One major Horizon-led PR campaign and several hundred SWAT raids later, the Pit is suddenly an up-and-coming place in the city for the Silver-strip twenty-something hipsters who’ve fallen in love with the lore of old New York.

Heritage didn’t solve all its problems. After NYPD won the general policing contract for the city, they found themselves with more areas to patrol than they had officers for. They subcontracted work in this district to the Winter Systems heavies who conducted all the raids—the only difference now is those thugs wear NYPD uniforms. The two independent citizen groups holding Heritage together are now at odds. Urban Heritage believes that corporate involvement is going to tear down the history of their district. Lower East Heritage fell in line with Nagato and now supports that corporation’s construction projects throughout the district, even if it means kicking families out of their homes.
