---
id: WN-0371
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: The Trail
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Trail

Following Stuart will be considerably more difficult than eavesdropping on him. Though he looks mild-mannered, he is a trained covert operative (use Covert-Ops Specialist, p. 83, _SR6_ ), and he will not make it easy to follow him. The starting point of his journey is 48[th] Street and Park Avenue; his ultimate destination is 181[st] Street and the Harlem River. A taxi would be the quickest way to travel; he could also walk south, hit the 7 train, then transfer to the 1 heading north.

He does none of those things. His route is about trying to discourage any followers. Here’s what he does.

- First, he rides the 4 train north to 86th Street, though he gets off at 68th and runs two cars back, then jumps back on the train.

- Next, he walks west, cutting through Central Park. He walks along a footpath near the reservoir, takings extra twists and turns to see if anyone is following him. He then continues to the west end of the park, where he catches a cab.

- The cab goes west to Broadway, then heads north. At 122nd, the cab goes west and drops Stuart off at Grant’s tomb.

- Stuart acquired a soykaf somewhere, and he sits near the tomb for a time and drinks it, watching his surroundings. After fifteen minutes, he heads north to the West Harlem Piers.

- He walks to the end of a pier and jumps into a waiting Samuvani Criscraft Otter (p. 297, _SR6_ ). He pilots the boat around the north end of Manhattan and ties it up under the Alexander Hamilton Bridge. No other boats are there, so pursuers would be obvious— unless they’re really good.

- Once the boat is docked, Stuart walks to the rebuilt escarpments of the Washington Bridge. He walks behind a bench, then disappears (note that this is the same location the PCs might have received the address to in mission 21, p. 91).

Stuart will be watching carefully for pursuit, so he should get a point of Edge on any Perception test to notice it. If he sees any, he’ll approach them and ask if he can help them with anything. Then he says that if he sees them again, he will call the



police—which he absolutely will do. He believes his businessman cover is solid enough to withstand any police scrutiny.

Should the PCs attempt to follow Stuart, they’ll meet a couple of guards who are very interested in dissuading them from poking around any more (use DocWagon HTR Officer, p. 207, _SR6_ ). Any difficulty from the PCs will lead to the guards calling the police, who will arrive within ninety seconds. Should the PCs not be deterred, simply move to the part of mission 26 where they encounter the Animus Construction site (p. 104).
