---
id: WN-0262
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Penthouse Host
page: 74
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Penthouse Host

**Theme:** The twins have chosen a Roman mythology theme for their penthouses. Each space of the penthouse is represented by its Roman architecture counterpart.

| **RATING** | **A** | **S** | **D** | **F** |
| ---------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ----- |
| 6          | 8     | 6     | 7     | 9     |

**IC:** Patrol, Acid, Blaster, Binder, Tar Baby, Sparky **Notes:** Both penthouses share the same host and it controls all of the penthouse systems, from security to maintenance.

Building security is operated by Lone Star. Each shift has ten security guards (use Lone Star Patrolman, p. 206, _SR6_ ) on duty, two security deckers (use Cutters Data Harvester, p. 205, _SR6_ ), and one security mage (use Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ ), with three bound spirits of kin (Force 4, p. 148, _SR6,_ add Movement).

If the runners manage to grab either or both twins, neither of them knows anything about DJ or his activities. They were only hired to organize the party. Their contract and payment were arranged through a secure UCAS government host. They don’t know which department, and they aren’t even sure if the move was just a cover by some other power player. With all the problems the UCAS

has had lately, they don’t really think they could handle setting up any kind of huge secret project like this.

They can tell the runners the guest list was sent to them in the contract and they were told to use the peripheral attendees as spies by offering them stealthy simrigs to wear to record everything that went on and then turn that data over to the contractor. They know no one on the guest list could pay the opening bid and thus were only given the basics of this new technology, which is supposed to allow a bunraku/personafix type program that can copy a person perfectly.

Their own digging came up with something

possibly called Project Lazarus.
