---
id: WN-0035
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Times Square
page: 18
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Times Square

- **Security Rating:** AAA

- **Typical Host Rating:** 9/4/6

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Horizon

Times Square also is not a district, but it is the Shibuya Crossing of the West. Half a million people pass through Times Square every day, and they do so under the watchful eyes of a thousand social media drones filming every interaction and broadcasting it live to the world. People come to Times Square to be seen and to be wrapped in luxury. There is no shortage of that here. The Warwick hotel, once home to Johnny Spinrad’s legendary New Year’s Eve parties, is located here, as well as the



Horizon Hyatt and the Carlton. Despite the highend nature of the area, it’s also home to 10,000 salarymen living mostly high above the lights in a handful of overlooked apartments at either end.

Times Square runs north–south between 42[nd ] Street and 47[th] Street, and east–west between Seventh Avenue and Broadway. It isn’t a square so much as a bowtie-shaped collection of pedestrian-only streets bathed in digital billboards. A dozen blimps constantly circle above the bowtie, providing even more advertising space for corporate goods. People come to Times Square to be seen and to experience the full force of New York’s commercial appeal. The augmented reality in Times Square is absolutely maddening—the moment you step into the area, your PAN is assaulted by a complex algorithm designed to analyze your CityPass and decide which products to pitch to you. To make matters worse, the system actively searches for those trying to hide from detection by the sales algorithm and outlines them in red for all to see.

Due to media visibility, Times Square is one of the safest places in the city. The area is a rare nofly zone for air taxis since the airspace is so heavily commercialized. Private landings on rooftops still happen, but it takes a lot of juice to get clearance. Police presence is visible on every street corner, though the officers selected to work the area are chosen more for their camera-ready appearance than their ability to handle serious tactical response. That said, this area is a tremendous wealth generator for Horizon, and they are quick to respond in force if anyone threatens it.
