---
id: WN-0125
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: "Who\u2019s Who - Malcolm Jamal Sutton"
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Who’s Who

## Malcolm Jamal Sutton

Malcolm Jamal Sutton is Synergestic’s chief interactive engagement engineer. He is a longstanding Goldwater Club member and descendent of the family that originally owned Harlem’s Apollo Theater. Sutton wanted to bring Harlem back. He took Mitsuhama’s whitewashing of Harlem by turning it into Newtown as a personal affront to his family’s history. He leveraged his position in the Goldwater Club to work out a back-channel deal with associates in Mitsuhama whereby MCT would change the name of the Newtown to New Harlem, earning them social goodwill in the city. In exchange, he promised Horizon would vote to add MCT back to the Manhattan Development Council.

That did not happen. Since the arrangement was informal, Sutton’s contacts at MCT could not directly act against Sutton. However, since that

point, he has experienced a number of failures and has been shut out of the shadows—people simply won’t take jobs from the guy, because every fixer in the city knows not to touch him. He’s protected in the sense that he’s part of one of NY’s wealthiest families, but he’s broken a trust bond within a club, and people are shutting him out.

As he watches his HIP (Horizon Internal Persona) score take hits, he knows he needs to change the conversation with a win. The way he intends to do that is twofold: He intends to use the runners to set up a problem that benefits the people he screwed outside the corporation that will likely make his boss lose face in the corporation. Everybody wins.

Sutton is broad-shouldered and handsome. His look is manicured right down to the shoelaces. He greets everyone with a smile and a handshake, as though he’s known them for years.
