---
id: WN-0068
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: SpinGlobal
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## SpinGlobal

**Local Subsidiaries:** Montclair Industries, Phoenix Biotechnologies, Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, UCAS Online (Matrix), UCAS Steel, Warwick International Hotels

It isn’t a stretch to say there’s a divide in SpinGlobal, and it’s most obvious between the New York operations and the rest of the corporation’s major divisions. Johnny Spinrad spent his entire life building Spinrad into an AAA corporation, though he treated New York’s division as his personal playground. Eventually, he turned North America’s day-to-day operations over to Miranda King. She quit shortly before his death, and since that time the New York division has been a rotating door of c-suite executives. The latest to lead the division is an elven man named Anderson Reed.

- Aegis Cognito agents have been sniffing around the city ever since Spinrad’s death. What’s more is they’ve been looking inward at the corporation itself, to the point of hiring shadowrunners to investigate SpinGlobal assets. People I know have been contacted to look in on Phoenix Biotechnologies, Montclair Industries, and even to dig up dirt on Reed himself.

- Kia

Reed’s hold on the division is tenuous at best. Gabrielle Al Thani Spinrad is under pressure to name Mohammad Sudayrin as head of North American Operations. She’s been resistant to do that thus far, as Reed continues to draw record profits from the division.
