---
id: WN-0081
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Centurion Services International
page: 32
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Centurion Services International

Jonathan Blake has quite a bit in common with Dankwalther. He was gifted a treasure trove of cash following the death of Dunkelzahn, and he insists on using that money to take down his perceived enemies. Blake worked as a corporate spy for, and apparently against, Lofwyr. He used his knowledge and newfound wealth to construct CSI largely out of subsidiaries of Cross Applied Technologies he acquired when they lost their AAA status. Since that time, CSI has been open about its intent to acquire CatCo’s remaining assets—and Blake is getting closer to having the power to do just that. He quietly doubled the size of his corporation when NeoNET shattered, gobbling up assets and making CSI nearly as large a market presence as CatCo.

> Blake wasn’t just a nobody working at S-K. He was one of the top—if not **the** top—Brackhauses on the roster. He controlled a network of corporate spies and shadowrunners that did all kinds of dirty work against the Big Ten. His specialization was finding the structural weak spots in a corporation’s personnel. I’m not talking about geeking a c-suite exec, Blake targeted administrative assistants, lab techs, spouses— basically anyone on the staff doing the work that made the people in power look good. He’d find the rank-and-file people who were most important to daily operations and take them off the board, so to speak.

**>** Kia

What makes name recognition so difficult for CSI is that their subsidiaries, such as Artemis Industries, are known in their own right, but not as being part of CSI. Presently, Blake is splitting time between New York and his mayoral duties in Bellevue, Seattle, trying to put a recognizable face to his corporation. Unfortunately, given its history with CatCo, and now NeoNET, CSI is seen as a bad omen—a vulture corp circling AAA corps about to die. It’s going to take more than building a North American corporate headquarters in the city if he is going to change that image and win his way into the AA.
