---
id: WN-0361
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Black Tie Only
page: 100
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Black Tie Only

As the players dig for information about this alleged assassination attempt, they will hear two rumors. The first is that there will be a bomb located under the Jameses’ table in the ballroom of the hotel hosting the event, and the second is that a sniper team is going to wait for them to leave. Any threats or other calls sent in will be checked out and quickly written off. Because of increased security, the areas near the building that will be blocked off require anyone without an invitation to walk several blocks to get to the building.

There is neither a bomb nor a sniper team. The real attack comes from a team hired by the fixer Cheli (see information about her on p. 81, and see the **Behind the Scenes** section in this mission for more on her role in this job), consisting of a combat mage (use Lone Star Combat Mage p. 207, _SR6_ ), a rigger (use Minuteman Security Rigger p. 206, _SR6_ ), and two bodyguards (use Marine Corps Special Operations Forces p. 208, _SR6_ ). They are on the lookout for Silver Nail and are going to ambush and capture him. They plan to take him quietly but will engage anyone in their path and escalate accordingly.

Though Silver Nail will want to push forward to make sure the Jameses are okay and help them away from the building, he can be persuaded to retreat if things start to go wrong or too much attention is drawn to him. If the players defeat Cheli’s team, the attention it creates will force them to leave, assuming they want to avoid attention from building security and NYPD, Inc.
