---
id: WN-0467
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Becky Wu Ping - (Fashion designer, Connection Rating 4)
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Becky Wu Ping

## (Fashion designer, Connection Rating 4)

Fashion line developer and VP of Light Clouds, Becky has been at the height of her game for over a year now. Her working on Gabrielle Al Thani Spinrad’s evening gown for the Met Gala a thing she has dreamed of for years. After her memory shake-up in missions 7 and 10, she’s redoubling her efforts but has come away hungrier than before for career success. Her relationship to Gu Guanyu has helped her maintain her focus and given her advantages in custom defense fashions very few before her have had. They have filled their MeFeeds with possible engagement considerations.



**B A R S W L I C EDG ESS** 2 4 4 2 4 5 5 6 4 5.37

**DR I/ID AC CM MOVE** 7 9/1 A1,I2 9/10 10/15/+1

**Skills:** Athletics 2, Close Combat 1 (Blades +2), Con 3, Engineering 1 (Armorer +2), Electronics 2, Firearms 1 (Light Pistols +2), Influence 6 (Etiquette +3, Negotiation +2), Perception 3, Stealth 3

**Knowledge Skills:** Clubbing, Corporate Politics (Spinrad Global), Chinese (Mandarin) (N), English (S), Fabric Technologies, Farsi (B), Fashion Design, French (X), Modern Marketing

**Qualities:** First Impression, Photographic Memory

**Augmentations (betaware):** Commlink (Transys Avalon), cybereyes (rating 3, w/ camera, flare compensation, image link, low-light vision, vision enhancement, vision magnification), datajack, enhanced articulation, sleep regulator

**Gear:** Fashionable clothing, custom armored dress clothing (DR +5, Social +6, w/ Electroluminescent Smartweave\*, Mystic Weave 1, Tough Weave 1) **Weapons:**

Katana (Smart Materials/Collapsible, 4P, 10/–/–/–/–, w/ biometric grip)

- Electroluminescent Smartweave enables material to change to a number of clothing items of similar size with a Minor Action with wireless turned on. Becky’s outfit is suitable for a business dress suit with a light hood in the blouse. The material can assume any number of colors and lighting effects, including that of an omnidirectional flash-pak (p. 263, SR6). An even more advanced version of the material is the basis for the evening gown for Gabrielle Al Thani.
