---
id: WN-0469
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Donovan James Eastling (DJ) - (Musician, Connection Rating 1)
page: 141
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Donovan James Eastling (DJ)

## (Musician, Connection Rating 1)

DJ is someone who aspires to be a lot more. Like many would-be performers his age, he has done a great deal just to make his way in the world. He does have some augmentations, including some he isn’t aware of himself. DJ’s augmentations are very special. He is not aware of the datalock or commlink, which connect to his simrig, skilljack, and skillwires from outside his awareness. He is a Sleepwalker, and when the internal commlink receives an appropriately keyed upload, he becomes nearly anyone else imaginable. He will have no memory of what he’s doing while it’s active.

Detecting the hidden augmentations requires a Biotech + Logic (10, 1 hour) Extended test while using a medkit with a cyberscanner. Penetrating the system requires hacking the datalock itself. Failure to hack the datalock will trigger the cortex (kink) bomb, destroying the commlink and the datalock, but causing no other harm to DJ or his augmentations. The commlink will only go active for fifteen seconds at 11:11 p.m. every day on its own and is otherwise powered off.

**==> picture [191 x 48] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>2 4 2 2 3 3 2 4 3 4.3<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>2 4/1 A1, I2 9/10 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 2, Close Combat 1, Con 5 (Performance +2/Impersonations +3), Electronics 1, Influence 3, Perception 5, Stealth 2

**Qualities:** First Impression, Low-Light Vision

**Augmentations:** Commlink (5, Mannequin, Personal Assistant, SimShare, P-ICE:Spines), datalock (subdermal) 10, skilljack 6, simrig, skillwires 6 **Gear:** Commlink (DR3, File Vault, MeFeed, Personal Assistant, SimShare), contacts (capacity 2, w/ electrochromic, image link), personal clothing, Medium Lifestyle (current month only)
