---
id: WN-0297
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: '16: higher stakes'
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 16: higher stakes

Corp kid Lex James had taken the street name of Silver Nail and had his first successful run when he liberated an antique muscle car (see p. 62). It was a car he had seen in one of his favorite trid shows, but he was careless. Some real shadowrunners had been hired to take it back. He was able to track some of the runners down, but he wasn’t upset—the car wasn’t technically his anyway. Plus, it gave him something much more exciting: the possibility of buried treasure. One night, while cleaning the car, Silver Nail happened upon a smuggling compartment containing some old printed material and a data-storage device that could not access the Matrix but was full of heavily encrypted files. The data storage device—a rating 9 micro-brick (one-eighth the size of a standard optical brick; see p. 53, _Hack & Slash_ ) with the Matrix access removed—proved to be beyond his decryption skills, but the material on the papers sounded vaguely familiar, so he started there. Silver Nail started with some basic searches that first night but didn’t accomplish anything. Now that the car is gone, he is going to look into the mystery of what or who are “Double A” and “JackPoint,” and why the material he found is focused on Mitsuhama. He has attended Spinrad Global’s Teen-Out program at Columbia University and knows some people who could help, and he decides he is going to keep digging until he finds that treasure.
