---
id: WN-0045
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Greenwich (B)
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Greenwich (B)

When you hear about “The Village,” this is the place you’re probably hearing about. Greenwich sits above the Houston Street line on the West Side of the island, and it’s close enough to West End to be impacted by gangs looking to expand their territory—though the NYPD is invested in limiting

that violence to the parts of the village that are off the tourist path. The big draws here are the art community and the NYCU campus. Thanks to the university, Greenwich trends younger than other areas of the city. You’re more likely to see teenagers than anyone over the age of forty. The locals tend to be academics and independents, and the stores cater to those same mindsets. It’s hard to find a chain location anywhere in the village.

- The stores pretend to be mom-and-pop, but follow the money and you’ll find that “mom” and “pop” are megacorporate citizens placed there by their corp to help influence the locals toward buying into the corporate message. Horizon perfected this process years ago, and others have since copied the blueprint to the point where you can’t trust anything you see in the village as genuine.

- Dr. Spin

- That right there is why the village is constantly under attack from eco-terrorists. The NYPD labels the attacks as gang violence because they don’t want the stigma of terrorism to haunt their city, but everyone knows what is happening and why. It’s become enough of a problem that they’ve begun recruiting shadowrunners to find out where these attacks are coming from and put a stop to them.

- Sticks
