---
id: WN-0011
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: A New York State of Mind
page: 10
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## A New York State of Mind

Four hundred fifty years ago, African slaves of the Dutch West India Company erected a wall that crossed Manhattan Island from east to west and laid the groundwork for what would evolve into a centuries-long trend of corporate investment in New York City. The physical wall became obsolete before it was ever finished, but the spirit of the structure remained. In fact, it expanded over the years to include all of Manhattan as a bulwark against the undesirable, and keep all that is desired inside.

Walk from one end of the island to the other and you can expect to encounter every social class—the difference is, the BTL pusher working the street corner is still pocketing enough nuyen to buy soybeer and chips at New York prices, even if she goes home to a fifth-story walkup she shares with nine of her closest friends.

Even _squatter_ doesn’t mean the same here as it does anywhere else. Sweeps by the NYPD at twelve and four a.m. send the homeless scurrying into collapsed train tunnels and newly rediscovered natural caves like the cockroaches and rats they share a sleeping mat with—yet they re-emerge with the dawn and try to make it through another day. Why not leave altogether? That’s the rub. New Yorkers believe NYC is the best city the Sixth World has to offer, so even if they live on the streets, at least they live on _these_ streets.

New York is the center of the universe. This is the city that coined the term c-suites to indicate the chief-level executives who permeate its high-rises. It is a city in constant flux, a microcosm of the troubles that shape the Sixth World. It is also the beachhead for the troubles that could bring this world to an end.
