---
id: WN-0464
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Background (Dis)
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- cyberware
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Background (Dis)

The motivation and goals of the Disians have always been inscrutable—even what form they actually have is a mystery. What is known is that they have been visiting—and taking people—from the physical plane for centuries. That’s right, centuries, as in hundreds of years before the return of magic. They have also been quietly building relationships with the various megacorporations for decades, slowly passing along their advanced knowledge of magic and the metaplanes in exchange for power and influence on the physical plane. The Disians have an aversion to digital and mechanical technology in all of its various forms, especially cyberware that causes Essence loss. If they know that Animus Construction exists, they have shown no interest in the technology. If anything, they view the chaos created by the events surrounding its use, such as Project Lazarus, a useful distraction that takes attention off of their own activities.

What Dis has a great deal of interest in is concealing the truth about what’s happening on their home metaplane. Once the agents of Dis learn that someone outside of their closely controlled corporate allies has visited their home metaplane, they will start tracking down the interlopers and attempt to turn events to their advantage. To a lesser extent, the Disians will also be interested in protecting the portal under Governors Island, but in truth it’s far more important to Aztechnology than it is to them.
**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**
**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WHISPER NETS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>
