---
id: WN-0446
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Mitsuhama Computer Technologies
page: 128
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Mitsuhama Computer Technologies

Mitsuhama has a few things at risk here—their investment in Animus Construction and information about some large commitments of cash that they have made. They want to keep both of these things under wraps—though if OmniStar or Prometheus comes asking after Animus tech with a cash offer, they’ll listen. As far as the runners are concerned, though, Mitsuhama mainly wants to pay them to shut up.

_Sends_ : David Yoshiro, local face (use stats for Government Official, p. 168, _Sixth World Companion_ ).

_Resources_ : Mitsuhama is the top-ranked megacorporation in the world, so Yoshiro has cash at his disposal. You don’t, however, get to be the world’s number-one corp by wasting money, so he’ll deploy it judiciously. He also has a team of top-flight corporate security (use Professional Rating 7 Elite Corporate Security, p. 208, _SR6_ ) to keep him safe and enforce his will.

_Tactics_ : Yoshiro wants the status quo that was present before the runners got into town to continue—it’s as simple as that. He doesn’t want anyone talking about Animus or Mitsuhama’s cash situation. He offers money to pay for the PCs’ silence but says that if he can’t pay them to be silent, he’ll make them quiet through other means.

_Offer_ : 175,000 nuyen. Just to be quiet.

_Conditions for Attack:_ Obviously, security will attack if Yoshiro is threatened. If the PCs expose some of Mitsuhama’s financial mishaps, Yoshiro will be mad, but that’s it. But if they somehow shut down Animus, either by exposing it or destroying its facilities, he will he incensed. He will send his security team after the runners to punish them for taking away a valuable asset.

_Ways to Play Off Other Factions:_ Yoshiro knows other corps are gunning for the number-one slot, which means he knows he might need to pay out extra money to keep them at bay. If he gets wind of the work of OmniStar, Prometheus, Piper Jane, or any other group looking to make trouble



for his corp, he increases his offer to 210,000 nuyen. He’ll make the same increase if Jonathan Blake asks for help in persuading the PCs to their cause.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ Low unless the PCs did something to significantly harm Animus—in that case, it’s high.
