---
id: WN-0051
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Roosevelt Island
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Roosevelt Island

Roosevelt had a good run as a residential center prior to Manhattan’s incorporation. That act forced the island to resume its original purpose—Roosevelt now houses five prisons ranging from Maximum Security to Ultra-Maximum, the designation given to prisons designed to house Awakened individuals and technomancers. The island is connected to the city by a ferry at 59[th] street and a tram above that, which tends to be used by high-ranking prison administrators and important visitors. Boh the ferry and the tram are staffed by MTA security.

- There’s one another connection. The old F train line that shut down following the quake runs directly below the island. NYPD insists the tunnels are collapsed, but they aren’t. That said, getting to and through those tunnels to the other side is risky business—not to mention the fact that the station exits on the island are boarded up and monitored. That hasn’t stopped runners from using it to get on and off the island undetected. Getting into one of those prisons is another matter entirely.

- **>** Peregrine



- New Riker’s Penitentiary, Gatestrom Penitentiary, and Stonewater Correctional Facility hold the Maximum-Security designation. New Blackwell Penitentiary and Stormbreak Penitentiary are much worse. The horrors endured between these five institutions have left an indelible mark on the land, resulting in a medium mana ebb.

**>** Elijah
