---
id: WN-0057
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Manhattan Development Consortium
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Manhattan Development Consortium

Shortly after the 2005 earthquake, it became clear that New York could not afford to rebuild itself. The government turned to the corporations for help, and those corporations turned Manhattan into their extraterritorial playground. While NYC still has a token government, the real power lies with the Manhattan Development Consortium. Over the years, MDC membership has shifted away from the original corporations that funded the rebuild. Decennial elections provide the backdrop to reshape the consortium to the will of whomever can gain the most votes. This has led to unexpected partnerships and snubs that would seem impossible elsewhere.

In 2075, America’s corp, Ares, was voted off the council over concerns that their focus was shifting away from the established goals of the MDC. Coincidentally, the action paved the way for NYPD, Inc., to centralize security services for the city. The surprise dissolution of NeoNET in 2079 ledto a vote to add a new thirteenth member—and after Ares’ replacement by Zeta-Imperial Chemicals, it was assumed a Big Ten corporation would fill the newly opened chair. In the hopes of being reintegrated into the MDC after being forced out years ago, MCT staged a massive PR campaign designed to engender support amongst the council; however, the vote took a hard turn in another direction, resulting in the surprise addition of the Nagato Corporation, which edged out Wuxing in the vote. MCT was completely shut out and left to plot their revenge. As a result, Big Ten corps now hold less than half of the seats on the MDC. The impact of the change is significant, since the megas no longer have enough votes to control what happens in the city without the support of lower-tier corporations. The megas now spend a great deal of time rallying AA and A corporations to their cause, often using those corporations as proxies to fight their battles—both in the boardroom and on the streets.
