---
id: WN-0436
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: '33: the minefield of fortune - Hook'
page: 124
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 33: the minefield of fortune

## Hook

After all this, the runners have one of the hottest paydata portfolios in Manhattan. And what better to do with paydata, than offer it up to the highest bidder! This kind of payoff could set them up for life, but as we all know, reward and risk are often cozy bedfellows. The forces that are about to get sold out are not going to go down without a fight, and they know that dead runners tell no tales. And the forces who want to buy the info worship at the unholy altar of megaprofit, so they will want to preserve their bottom line as much as possible.

It also wouldn’t be _Shadowrun_ without a little double-crossing. The decision various parties will make to kill the runners or pay them needs to be weighed on the scales of profitability and deniability.

Word of what the runners had learned started to spread beyond their circles in mission 32, and it’s only circulating more at this point. Lots of people are looking to exploit some secret information and get themselves an easy bump on whatever bottom line they focus on. Interested parties will make a variety of offers throughout this mission. If the PCs do not immediately play these parties off one another, provide an NPC (one of the fixers and Johnsons the PCs have worked with will do) who will help them understand what their information is worth—and how they can make it more valuable.

Each group has information on bids, tactics, and ways they might be played against other groups so their bids may be increased, as well as when they might fight and how much of a grudge they might hold once things are done.
