---
id: WN-0484
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Prelate 3-7 - (Null Sect Xenosapient EI)
page: 145
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Prelate 3-7

## (Null Sect Xenosapient EI)

The Prelates are the mid-tier of the Hierophant caste, and Prelate 3-7 reports directly to Hierophant 3, carrying out its master’s orders to the letter. Currently, it’s assigned as a liaison to MCT and is overseeing the work of erasing data aboutthe failed Denver experiments. What MCT does not realize is just how unhappy the Nulls are with the current arrangement. The Null Sect leadership has wanted to explore the metaplanes since learning of their existence, but MCT has been blocking that request for reasons they are not sharing with the Nulls. Prelate 3-7 sees the runners’ arrival as an opportunity to advance the ambitions of its master and will quickly forward the news of its encounter to Hierophant 3. Prelate 3-7 considers the “outer world biologicals” to be inferior constructs to the Nulls, not truly alive the way the “True People” are. It has been around long enough, though, that it will make some effort to conceal its true feelings, knowing a display of manners will make dealing with the creatures easier.

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F W L I C EDG RES SPK<br>8 6 6 7 8 7(9) 7 6 4 5 4.1<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>13 13/5 A1,I6 12<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Cracking 6, Con 4, Electronics 6, Influence 5

**Qualities:** Focused Concentration 1, Fnord, Noiseless, Prejudiced (all non-Null Sect), Real-World Naiveté

**Forms:** Arc Feedback, Data Disguise, Diffusion (Firewall), Infusion (Firewall), Infusion (Sleaze), Resonance Veil

what the Null Sect’s interest in the metaplanes truly is. If pressed on the topic, it will claim the Nulls are natural explorers, and the metaplanes are simply a new facet of reality to learn about.

**==> picture [210 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F W L I C EDG RES SPK<br>5 8 6 8 6 7 6 5 5 5 4<br>DR I/ID AC CM<br>14 12/5 A1,I6 14<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Athletics 2, Biotech 2, Close Combat 2, Con 3, Cracking 6, Electronics 6, Engineering 3 (Gunnery +2), Firearms 5, Influence 4, Outdoors 1, Perception 4, Piloting 4, Stealth 3

**Qualities:** Analytical Mind, Blandness, Fnord, Low Profile, Noiseless, Redundancy **Forms:** Diffusion (Firewall), Infusion (Sleaze), Resonance Veil, Static Bomb **Submersion and Echoes:** Grade 2, Overclocking, Resonance Link

**Codemods:** Active Signal Filter 4 [beta], Control Rig Integration 2 [beta], Data Archive Upgrade [beta], Disguise 4 [beta], Optimized Restoration [beta], Smartlink Adapter [beta]

**Programs:** Armor, Blaster-Charger, Fork, Signal Scrubber, Trace **Attacks:**

Data Spike [Cybercombat, DV 3, AR 13]
