---
id: WN-0320
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: 18th Street Subway Station
page: 88
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## 18th Street Subway Station

Resting beneath the street at 18th Street and Seventh Avenue, this station’s access points were

rocked by the earthquake and heavily damaged by the shifting earth and collapsing towers above it. Access was blocked off as the city was rebuilt anew above, but the station itself has survived as a relic of the past, rotting away for decades.

Bodies of those who were trapped in the quake have been reduced to tattered clothes and gnawedon bones. Though the number visible seems a little low for how many would have been trapped. Rats, and their Awakened cousins (use devil rat/ demon rat/glitch rat, p. 217, _SR6_ ), are abundant and the subway tracks are now part of a small underground river, mostly stagnant here as the paths in and out are small. The stagnant river holds a grisly discovery, as the bottom is littered with the missing bones and bodies, pulled in by a now basilisk (p. 216, _SR6_ ). The basilisk was nearly starved to death until a few squatters took a wrong turn.

Until recently, there was no access, but a short time ago a free spirit of earth called Alfred cleared a small tunnel into the station from a section of the nearby Underground.

The station itself is well-preserved, as are short sections of the rail tunnel to and from the station, one of which has an access door that leads to the labs beneath the former Yves Condominium building.
