---
id: WN-0442
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: "Aztechnology: Domingo \u201CDing\u201D Ramos"
page: 127
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Aztechnology: Domingo “Ding” Ramos

To Ding, the Animus memory-altering technology represents a huge opportunity for the David Cartel and Aztechnology. With access to it, the cartel can commit assassinations, plant spies, mentally manipulate couriers, and perform a range of other maniacal machinations in order to protect their plans and processes. They want to own it and don’t mind spending a little cash or spilling a little blood to get it. For them, this is a game-changer to help get the corporation out of bed with certain foreign interests and bring the power back home.

_Sends_ : A commcall from Ding making the offer, mentioning how good and honest of a deal it is, with “no overblown numbers that you know are leading to a double-cross.” Ding then reminds them there are always other ways he can try to get what he wants, so the PCs should probably try to work with him while he’s in a good mood.

_Resources_ : If Ding feels he needs to enforce his will, he sends two six-person teams (use five SWAT Doorkickers, p. 136, _Firing Squad_ , and one Mage Corps, p. 136 _Firing Squad_ ).

_Tactics_ : Ding’s people use non-lethal attacks. They want to capture the runners and get the data from them. The mage provides spell defense for the toughs who make coordinated attacks against the opposition, targeting archetypes in the following order: mage, rigger, decker, and then muscle (unless someone poses a significant threat—they’ll upset that order to focus on any overwhelming danger).

_Offer_ : Ding’s first offer is, “Tell me what I want to know and I won’t unleash all the powers of Aztechnology to make your life miserable.” He holds to that and sends his forces after the PCs before he offers any money. If the PCs survive his first assault, he offers 100,000 nuyen.

_Conditions for Attack:_ Ramos sends his forces to attack the PCs if they do not quickly agree to share information about Animus with him.

_Ways to Play off Other Factions:_ Ding would hate to see Animus technology lost or destroyed, and he’d really hate to see it in a rival’s hands. If he gets word that the PCs are selling out to anyone else, he increases his offer to 150,000 nuyen. If he gets word that the PCs are selling to Harvin, he sends another team to attack them.



Ramos doesn’t care much about Dis one way or another, but if he learns Harvin wants to keep the portal hidden, he might threaten to expose it just to irritate his fellow board member.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ Low. As with Harvin, Ramos has too much going on in his life to let a vendetta against shadowrunners occupy much of his time.
