---
id: WN-0055
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: The NY Underground
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The NY Underground

- **Security Rating:** Z

- **Typical Host Rating:** No Matrix service possible

Seattle’s Underground is the only point of reference people seem to have when referring to an active underground. Manhattan is nothing like that. It is dirty, dangerous, and roaches and devil rats are the least-scary things you’ll find beneath the streets. A lot of that Batman trideo shit comes out of real stories about what hides below our city. What we call the underground is actually a collection of collapsed subway tunnels that criminal figures use to move undetected throughout the city. Map access to the old tunnel system is limited since Ares purged that data immediately after gaining management of the subway network. All that’s left to guide you are paper copies of tunnel maps you can purchase at the Night Market—they’re handmarked to show which spaces are collapsed and which still function.

- Tunnel collapses are ongoing. More often than not, it’s due to people of the Night Market and other groups using earth spirits to temporarily shut down one passage and later open another. The constant changes prevent NYPD from ever being able to successfully raid the tunnels. It also has the bonus effect of creating a market for maps.

- Elijah

- The 2005 quake revealed that there was an underground here dating back to the first people. That collection of caverns follows the map of what ancient Manhattan was before colonization. No one who tries to live down there lasts very long, mostly because whatever natural terror calls those depths home isn’t too keen on having roommates. Rumors persist of a village accessible through the decommissioned Second Avenue train line with apopulation of close to a hundred people, few of whom ever find their way back to the surface.

**>** Ecotope
