---
id: WN-0249
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Zach Torstrick (4) [2]
page: 69
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## **Zach Torstrick (4) [2]**

“Cuddles,” as he’s known on the street, has a reputation for hugging some folks a lot tighter than they’d like. He is also inexplicably attractive to professional dancers, likely from his years working as a bouncer at the clubs. He now works mostly as a runner, mainly as heavy muscle. The team he is currently running with does a lot of corporate work, usually for MCT. If the PCs can locate him in one of the numerous Terminal strip clubs he’s known to frequent, he could be convinced to talk, if handled correctly. He will admit to being hired for the run by one their usual MCT Tanaka-sans and will say it was a last-minute rush job and he already had plans, so he had the team drop him off at the XXXotica to talk to some old friends and catch a show. Cuddles will not be willing to talk about his other team members, give any other information about this Tanaka-san, or tell the team where the Roadmaster ended up—you know, professional standards and all. If the runners employ Mind Probe, Commanding Voice, enhanced interrogation, or absurd quantities of nuyen, see p. 134.

With the possible exception of Cuddles’ information, the fleeing criminals aren’t great leads, but they are a nice smattering of contacts who can start putting their ears to the ground, especially if the runners play it like the hack was their doing.
