---
id: WN-0063
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Horizon
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Horizon

**Local Subsidiaries:** Charisma Associates, Common Denominator, Pathfinder Multimedia

New York is built on the manipulation of information, wealth, and image. I challenge you to name another corporation that manipulates these things better than Horizon. The company sunk their PR claws so deep into the city it’s impossible to talk about a signature NYC event without mentioning Horizon. PR is their main business in the city, and business is very good.

- Often overlooked is their work on behavioral therapy, which takes place in their research labs at the Rehabilitation and Psychiatric Center on Wards Island. The work there was instrumental in understanding CFD.

- Glitch

- Wow, that’s a really nice way of saying they tortured and dissected patients in order to find out how their brains were modified by the virus.

- Plan 9

Horizon’s strong suit is convincing you to believe what they are telling you. Right now, their message to New Yorkers is, “Ares is not your friend.” Horizon cast the first vote to dump Ares from the MDC, and the push against America’s Corp hasn’t stopped there. Over the past year, Horizon has put forward motions to have Ares replaced as transit services manager and put in multiple safety complaints to the Corporate Court in regard to the operations on Governors Island—specifically citing dangers to customers of Virtual World Liberty Park, which operates nearby.

- Corporate wars may start in the boardroom, but they always end in the shadows. This thing between Horizon and Ares is going to get ugly fast. I’ve already fielded a dozen calls about runs against one corp or the other.

- Kia
