---
id: WN-0059
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Ares
page: 25
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares

**Local Subsidiaries:** Ares Global Entertainment, Ares Space, Info-Santé Administrative Services, North American Broadcasting System, Victory Sportswear

Getting booted off the MDC is rarely a good thing, but it may be working in Ares’ favor. With all the attention on the membership shift to AA majority and MCT openly plotting revenge against the six megas still remaining on the board, Ares is largely being left alone to write their own comeback story. The corporation is at least partially responsible for the Nagato membership and continues to leverage the AAs against the megas. Hours after the MDC passed the decision to eliminate the Board of Education, Public Education Systems swooped in and bought up as many public schools as they could. Presently, Ares controls seventy percent of the public schools in Manhattan. You can bet their curriculum rewrites events from the past decade to cast the megacorp in a friendlier light.

Ares is still responsible for maintaining New York’s transportation infrastructure. They manage everything from subways to busses, taxis, and even the harbor. With so many city services funneled through the corporation, it’s hard to see their removal from the MDC as anything more than a political stunt.

11. Trans-Orbital (Thomas Warren)

01. Nagato Corporation (Ahma Yoshida)

01. Zeta-Imperial Chemicals (Emma Nilsson)

**Press Secretary:** Christopher Arkins **MDC Safety Director:** Denise Fairborn **ECSE Commissioner:** Emma Porter
