---
id: WN-0097
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Other Outfits
page: 37
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Other Outfits

Every other syndicate in the world wants a slice of the Big Apple. So far it has been impossible for any of them to become any larger than the corner turf gangs you find in every neighborhood in the city. Local gangs attract street kids by the hundreds, but none of them, save for the Ancients, have a local organizational structure that keeps them from self-destructing when they get too big. Be it Slaughterhouse, Battery Boys, Axemen, etc., you’ll see a rotating list of names of local gangs on the feeds. As soon as one gets big enough or popular enough, a larger organization comes along to knock them down.

- Once again, Yankee avoids mentioning the Cutters. That bit is older than you are, omae. The Cutters gang-turned-syndicate is possibly five-hundred strong in New York City—twice the size of the local Ancients chapter. This isn’t as large as any of the major outfits, but they are embedded throughout the city, using a number of legal fronts like the Urban Assistance Group order to push their goods.

**>** Lei Kung

The other major syndicates like the Vory, the First Nations, and the Ghost Cartels are in a worse position than this. It’s like if you see a roach in your doss. You know that means there are more hiding somewhere, and you gotta hunt each one down before they start to breed. The brutal reality these smaller syndicates face is that the major syndicates are actively looking to keep them out.
