---
id: WN-0033
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Parkside
page: 17
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Parkside

- **Council Member:** Linnea Butterfield

- **Security Rating:** A to AA

**==> picture [17 x 144] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
SHADOWRUN: WHISPER NETS<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

- **Typical Host Rating:** 4

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** SpinGlobal, Ares, Horizon, Prometheus Engineering

You can’t mention New York without picturing Central Park. The sections of city to the immediate east and west of the park—the skyline we all remember from the tridflicks—is known as Parkside, and both sides attempt to mirror each other. Shopping is an artform in this district, and you can find boutiques that offer anything you need, if you’re willing to pay the price. Notably, Vashon Island has their UCAS flagship store on the West Side, while Trés Chic Designs and Horizon’s Common Denominator host huge centers on the East Side. Both east and west Parkside have well-defined museum districts. On the East Side, Museum Mile borders the park from 82[nd] all the way down to 110[th] . The Guggenheim, Cooper-Hewitt, and, of course, the Metropolitan Museum of Art are among the better known of the ten museums along the stretch. The West Side has the Museum of Natural History buttressing the park at its 72[nd] Street entrance. A half-dozen other museums dot the West Side, including the Children’s Museum of New York, where you can find the offspring of the world’s top corporate executives taking in curated youth exhibits with their nannies.

Those buildings that buttress the park on Madison and Central Park West are reserved for the richest of the rich. Security on these avenues rivals that of Zurich Town, and rightfully so, since living here probably means you’re running a c-suite—or at least on your way to doing so. Beyond the borderlands, the West Side is a bedroom district for the Gold-strip socialites with a healthy dose of nightlife thrown in. The East Side is a mixed community ranging from Silver-strip card holders to the Platinum-and-above elite living on Park Avenue.

By the time you hit the shoreline, Parkside shifts back from residential to heavily corporate. Riverside Drive is dominated by skyrakers, the largest of those being the one-hundred-ninety-story cylindrical monstrosity that is the Shiawase Manhattan Arcology. It’s worth mentioning that floors sixty through eighty serve as The Parkside West, Shiawase’s ultra-exclusive luxury hotel. A private airstrip on the roof of the building shuttles guests in and out of the city. In addition, the skyraker houses five thousand of its wealthiest corporate citizens and several subsidiaries, including Aboritech, Shiawase Atomics, Shiawase Advanced Robotics, and their PR arm, Shiawase and Rubicon Advertisement.



Not to be overlooked, Ares built the one-hundred-sixty-story silver-and-black Condatis Tower less than two kilometers away. This is the nerve center for the city’s public transportation infrastructure. Everything from the MTA buses and trains to air-taxi-traffic control runs out of this building. The only other skyraker of note in the district is the Prometheus Spire, a twisting glassand-steel structure shaped like a double helix rising one hundred stories above the city. The Spire is the world headquarters for Prometheus Engineering, and floors forty through seventy serve as the primary research facility for the corporation.

On East End Avenue between 90[th] and 84[th] is the arc-shaped MDC Headquarters, where the thirteen parties that make up New York’s real government meet on a monthly basis to decide how the city works. Not too far from that location is the highly secretive Shogunate Club, home to an elite social society of Japanese executives.

- The MDC building is a monument to corporate ego. There are thirteen separate towers of varying height jutting up from the main ten-story arc, making it look like an uneven crown. The only section without a tower is the shared meeting area and lobby. Most MDC commissioners and their staff enter from the underground basement, save for a handful of commissioners who follow the ancient mayoral tradition of taking the train to work.

- Kay St. Irregular

- There are holes in MDC building security if you know where to look. The bike-only FDR Drive that runs underground from 79[th] to 90[th] passes under Schurz Park and the MDC building. While the tunnel is heavily sensored, it is riddled with service hatchways that lead up into the park, MDC garage, and even into the building itself.

- Hard Exit
