---
id: WN-0406
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Save the Last Dance
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Save the Last Dance

Aztechnology’s Domingo Ramos understands how to make a scene. He’s orchestrated an intimate and very public moment with Gabrielle Al Thani Spinrad as a way to show the world that he is powerful, charismatic, and the true face and leadership of Aztechnology. It is a simple moment that he’s set in motion. At the appropriate time during the Met Gala, he will ask her to share the dance floor with him, and then he and the widow will have a very public kiss. Of course, there is no way she’d do this by her own free will, so Ramos arranged for an elite cadre of eight Leopard Guards (use Renraku Red Samurai, p. 208, _SR6_ ) to get into position to assassinate her daughter, Anya Spinrad. They presently have eyes on Spinrad and Ramos plans to show Gabrielle a live feed before he makes his request.

Jonathan Blake caught wind of the plan, and sensing an opportunity to make a new ally, he has Miranda King approach the runners and offer them 15,000 nuyen to track down the team watching Anya Spinrad and provide evidence that they’ve been taken out and that Anya is safe.

Anya is spending her day in New York sightseeing. Fortunately for the runners, Anya is her father’s daughter, and her MeFeed shows her at the Central Park Zoo. She’s flanked by a security detail consisting of four plainclothes security men in close support (use Renraku Red Samurai, p. 208, _SR6_ ), along with a combat mage (use Combat Mage, p. 82, _SR6_ ) and hacker (use Decker, p. 84, _SR6_ ) performing surveillance.

The Leopard Guard have two agents close to the target. The others are also in pairs, flanking nearby entrances. The live feed comes from one of these teams. If the kill order is given, the plan is for the team closest to the target to cause a distraction to drive the target toward one of the other pairs, who can then make the kill amidst the confusion. Because of the extremely sensitive nature of the operation, the team is marked with stealth tags, which tie them to their handler, who is directing the team via the Matrix. King knows this and offers the information to the runners as a way to locate the Leopard Guard.

_Note:_ If Blake tried to kill the runners earlier and they survived, this only makes Blake more interested in using them for this work. His proxy, Miranda King, will even raise the pay by 5,000 nuyen. After all, good help is hard to find—especially on short notice.
