---
id: WN-0460
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Background (Aztechnology)
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Background (Aztechnology)

Like Evo, Aztechnology has not been directly involved with Animus Construction. However, once information about the technology breaks, two different factions inside the corporation will start trying to discover what’s actually happening—one to acquire the tech for their own use and the other to stop anyone from using it.

As Domingo “Ding” Ramos starts to get information about Animus Construction, he decides to acquire the technology and put it to use, adding it to the considerable resources of the David Cartel. As a side note, Domingo also wants the large sums of money Johnny Spinrad borrowed from the David Cartel back. He’s suspicious of the death— thinking maybe it’s all faked—and believes Gabrielle is part of whatever happened, so finding out her secrets is a high priority.

J.J. Harvin Jr. is one of the least influential of Aztechnology’s board members, and he has tied his fortunes to the alliance with Dis as a way to increase his standing. He is in Manhattan directly overseeing the operation of the Launchpad facility and the Airlock portal. When news about memory-alteration technology starts to filter in—and after learning that Ramos is pursuing it—Harvin sees it as a threat to his plans. If Ramos manages to acquire the technology, it would elevate his position on the board. And as Ramos was never happy about the alliance with Dis, an increase in status could interfere with that alliance, diverting resources away from the portal and other Dis projects. J.J. Harvin also understands what a powerful weapon it could be if it’s used against Aztechnology, so he starts pursuing Animus to stop Ramos— or anyone else—from using it.
