---
id: WN-0041
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Downtown
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Downtown

- **Council Member:** Viviana Hall

- **Security Rating:** AAA

- **Typical Host Rating:** 6/4/6

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Evo

Every AA-rated and higher corporation can claim to own a piece of downtown. It encompasses the block of land from 34[th] Street up to the 14[th] Street divide, and from Ninth Avenue across to Third Avenue. Downtown isn’t the prime real estate Midtown can claim to be, though all the sights of Midtown are within walking distance. Instead, the real estate here is a complicated mess of AA ownership anchored by the presence of the nondescript Evo Tower on 18[th] and Broadway overlooking Union Square.

Like Midtown, the area is primarily offices and commercial space, which goes dark after working hours. Unlike Midtown, there are close to sixty corporations ranging from A to AA calling this patch of land headquarters, with little room for the vibrant nightlife you find elsewhere in the city. NYPD touts Downtown as its greatest success story, and over the last twenty years the crime rate has fallen to near zero. How much of that is actual policing vs. crimes not being reported remains to be seen.

- By “crimes not being reported,” he means “crimes being committed on extraterritorial soil and thus not needing to be filed as an official crime, regardless of whether the NYPD responds and investigates.” That’s a trick they use to keep their numbers where they want them. If a crime happens on corp land and it isn’t solved, it never happened.

**>** /dev/grrl



- Most of those crimes are of the corporate-espionage variety. Local runners make big bucks smuggling secrets (and people) from one Downtown corp to another—usually after hours when the population is at its lowest. However, don’t think that means nobody is around. Any AA worth its rating keeps their security forces hungry and armed to the teeth out here. Meanwhile, Winter Systems, KE, and Centurion hold dozens of contracts to police these smaller corps at night. All these security forces have an established relationship with the NYPD where they don’t call until the shooting is done. In the cases of the AA corps, they might not call at all.

**>** Kia
