---
id: WN-0066
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Saeder-Krupp
page: 29
authority_level: 2
tags:
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Saeder-Krupp

**Local Subsidiaries:** American Broadcasting System, Commerzbank, Awakened World Research, Dresdner Bank, Krupp Manufacturing, Krupp Robotics, Krupp Specialist Engineering, Lothian-Vaea PLC

With the evisceration of Cord Mutual Insurance fresh in every stockbroker’s mind, the question is: What is Lofwyr going to do next? The answers might be found in S-K’s recent New York moves. S-K bought out the Malmstein Building, NeoNET’s former headquarters, and seized control of everything that hadn’t already been optioned to Renraku. They also evicted both Erika and KorSys from the premises and moved the North American



Headquarters for Awakened World Research into the building.

The machinations don’t end there. S-K has been extremely active in the real-estate sector, targeting locations throughout New Harlem and the Villages of Lower Manhattan. Based on these moves, it seems the corporation is poised to expand its New York operations. The only question is: at whose expense?

- There’s been talk that Jonathan Blake is trying to purchase Centurion from Lofwyr. It wouldn’t do much to bolster his company’s rating, but it would help with that pesky name recognition problem his corporation is dealing with. Blake used to work for the dragon, so he knows the dangers involved in making any deal. Given how the dragon operates, it’s going to take a lot more than nuyen to close the deal.

- 0rkCE0

- Dr. Makram Zharan, chief research officer for the Spellweaver Consortium, spent several weeks in the city with his hand-picked research team setting up lab facilities at the Awakened World Research facility in the Malmstein building. Curiously, all the researchers on his team are known to have intimate knowledge of Dis and have an Agema team watching their backs. Whatever they are into in New York is serious.

- Thorn
