---
id: WN-0392
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: 'Encounter 3: Best Frenemies'
page: 110
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- missions
- critters
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Encounter 3: Best Frenemies

The runners get a call from a Manhattan fixer named Dutch (use Fixer, p. 212, _SR6_ ). He says the runners are hot, but he has a few job offers out of town that should take long enough to get the heat off but keep their credsticks stuffed. He wants to meet at 45th and 11th, a few blocks from the Lincoln Tunnel, and tells the runners to be ready to roll through the tunnel after the meet.

Dutch is being watched by two different newshounds, both of whom catch wind of his plan to meet the runners and set in motion their own plan to capture a member of the team to get information from.

Kelly Roberts hires a bounty hunter duo named Payday (use Street Samurai, p. 87, _SR6_ ; add gas grenades and gel rounds in a silenced Ares Alpha) and Badger (use Street Shaman, p. 88, _SR6_ ; add gas grenades and Stick-n-Shock rounds in a silenced AK-98; Wolf mentor; Stunball spell) to capture any member of the team. They’re good at their job and will go after the most isolated runner, if there is one.

Brik Butler calls in a favor with a local summoner (use Combat Mage, p. 82, _SR6_ ) to do much the same as Roberts but looks to bring down a few or the whole team using a cadre of summoned spirits: Force 4 Spirit of Air (p.147; add Fear), Spirit of Earth (p.148; add Concealment), Spirit of Kin (p.148; add Movement), Spirit of Water (p.148; add Confusion).

When both show up at the meet with their respective hires, they split their attention between the runners and their fellow newshound.

If the runners remember Piper’s warning call, they can gain a lot of favor with her if they keep the reporters safe from each other.

Dutch’s job offer is real but gets disrupted by the trouble, after which he suggests the runners stay in town and sort out their issues.
