---
id: WN-0039
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: City Center
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
status: active
overrides: []
---

## City Center

- **Security Rating:** AA

- **Typical Host Rating:** 6/3/6

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** UCAS, NYPD, Inc.

The UCAS federal and New York City governments operate out of an eight-by-eight-squareblock patch of land in the shadow of Zurich Town. The area is mostly known for housing the East Coast Stock Exchange. That building, draped in its shiny Neo-Deco Revival architecture, contrasts sharply with the rundown Romanesque architecture of the civic buildings around it, giving the impression that the ECSE is the only institution that matters—the truth isn’t much different. Despite the efforts of the UCAS, City Hall is all but a puppet show here. What are real though, are the courthouses and One Police Plaza, the functional headquarters of NYPD, Inc.

Security in the area is a tense balance between three forces that don’t like one another very much. The NYPD holds the official police contract and, given that their arcology is in the square, are invested in maintaining a visual presence. However, their biggest rival, Knight Errant, is still very much in control of their UCAS contracts and have set up a localized HQ in the fifty-eight-story Woolworth Building with orders to defend the nearby Federal Courthouse, IRS Building, and adjacent UCAS property. The third force in place is one that has nowhere else to go. In the mid-’70s, the UCAS moved a full battalion into City Center, despite protests from the Corporate Court. UCAS militarypresence here is a taunt—a holdover from when the military could still afford to surround the city with soldiers as a reminder that this island might belong to the corps but is still a critical part of the UCAS. When the funds for a larger force ran dry, the UCAS rolled in Colonel Leroy Mattison and his Black Arrow Brigade during the dead of night under the guise of protecting national interests.

- I was there the night they rolled in, doing a protection detail. Word in the shadows was the military hired at least a dozen smuggler and runner teams to clear the way with distraction runs, while they rode right over the Brooklyn Bridge and into the city. Neither the NYPD nor any other corporate forces engaged the Black Arrows directly. The battalion set up in what had been the NY Health Department Building, locked it down, and proceeded to act like absolutely nothing happened.

- Mihoshi Oni

- The African Burial Ground Memorial just north of the New York Department of City Planning building is the subject of cultural bickering between the UCAS and the government of Azania, which has been bartering with the Corporate Court to take ownership of the land. They feel the UCAS has neglected to properly maintain the monument to the 15,000 Africans whose grave was unearthed on that site in 1795. Of course, this has nothing to do with the unusually powerful mana ebb at the location.

- Am-Mut
