---
id: WN-0294
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: The Null Node
page: 80
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Null Node

The null node of the host foundation is portrayed as an enormous open room, 100 meters across, with a large, circular, low-burning fire pit in the center. The vine-covered walls are made of Roadmaster-sized stone blocks and the ceiling is lost in the darkness overhead. The only occupant of the room is an older, grey-haired Japanese man wearing flowing white robes. As the team approaches, it will introduce itself as Prelate 3-7, a member of the Null Sect and a servant of Hierophant 3. It will already know what was discussed with Acolyte 3-7-2 and is willing to make the team an offer: a copy of all the data relating to MCT’s activities in Denver leading up to the Aurora incident in exchange for a way to the metaplane of Dis.

Prelate 3-7 will answer a few questions, but it will deflect questions on the nature of the Null Sect and the answers will be very propaganda-like in tone. It will admit that the Nulls have erased all data related to the project at the request of MCT, but that data can always be retrieved. It claims the Null Sect are simple explorers, only seeking to expand their understanding of the universe, and that MCT has denied them access to the metaplanes for reasons unknown to the Null Sect. They view MCT as a poor ally and will release the megacorporation’s secrets if it advances their own goals. As far as how to find a passageway into Dis, Prelate 3-7 claims there is a hidden metaplanar portal in Manhattan and the runners need to locate it, understand how it’s operated, and give the Null Sect access to it.

As a show of good faith, Prelate 3-7 will give the team a copy of some internal MCT memos about why Denver would be the perfect location for “the project,” specifically mentioning Ghostwalker’s distraction. It also gives the team a commcode to pass along to their employer so that the matter can be discussed further and then summons an elevator door to take the runners out of the Foundation.
