---
id: WN-0094
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Yakuza
page: 36
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Yakuza

The past decade has seen a slow merger between the Toki-Gumi and the Hojuowara-Gumi. Like an old medieval tale, the merger came about partly through arranged marriages, and partly through assassinations. By the end, New York fell under the control of a new generation of Toki-Gumi who follow the old traditions yet practice the New Way. The inclusion of the Nagato Corporation in the MDC serves to acknowledge that merger, as well as the changing face of the Yakuza in New York City. It is increasingly common to see the Green Serpent Guard rolling through Yakuza territory keeping the peace. At the same time, rumors of the Oni Do Kai working in the city have increased tenfold.

- That isn’t entirely Yakuza driven. Buttercup frequently uses the assassins for her more discreet negotiations. The more time the free spirit spends in the city, the more likely we are to see the Oni Do Kai.

- Mihoshi Oni

- Yes, but you are neglecting to consider that Buttercup may not be working with the Yakuza. The spirit has long supported the New Way and is ever in search of allies.

- Frosty

Yakuza grow their ranks through gangs masquerading as youth organizations. The names they attach to these groups are telltale markers: Young Dragons, Honor Society, etc. These organizations become formalized in the communities from which the Yakuza recruit, and over time become valued resources to those communities.
