---
id: WN-0069
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Wuxing
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Wuxing

**Local Subsidiaries:** Albion Mutual Funds, Fidelity Mutual Insurance, Ming Solutions, Wuxing Financial Services

Wuxing is one of two megas to never serve on the MDC. Unlike Evo, they very obviously want to be part of the team. The corporation’s top executives were surprised they lost the vote to Nagato. So much so that they immediately targeted Nagato for market research and manipulation.



- Nagato is not the reason Wuxing lost on the vote. The entire block of Japanacorps voted to keep Wuxing out. They were joined by Horizon and every single AA on the board. With Aztechnology abstaining, S-K served as their lone ally. Since that time, S-K and Wuxing have been engaging in back-channel meetings—mostly held at the Knickerbocker Club—between highlevel executives. It isn’t clear if they’re planning an alliance, but Wuxing has been snubbed several times now and they don’t appear willing to let it happen again.

- Jimmy No

- Wuxing understands that MDC membership is about leverage. All the local corporations serving on the council have at least some bit of leverage on one another. The last few votes show that Wuxing doesn’t have that. They need to find it if they expect to be invited to the table.

- Kay St. Irregular

Wuxing’s primary contributions to the city are in delivery services and finance. Wuxing controls nearly half the shipping market in Manhattan, having absorbed NeoNET’s shipping contracts into its own operation and gobbled up several A-level competitors along the way.
