---
id: WN-0366
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Behind the Scenes
page: 102
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Behind the Scenes

Silver Nail has caused a stir during his short time in the shadows, and he set a few things in motion that led to the events of this mission. Here are some of the things going on that may prove to be relevant to the PCs eventually.

First, rumors have been trickling through the shadows about a runner who is actually the missing child of some Spinrad Global executives. There are also stories about a substantial reward tied to sharing the location of this kid with people at Spinrad, a situation that promises to make Silver Nail’s positions in the shadows a little more challenging. This has him thinking more seriously about the risks of his new career.

He ran into even more trouble when he received

Double A’s data cache. He took it to a troll hacker named Lucky Wizard, who was able to dig up some hidden details. Silver Nail understood some of what he was looking at, but not all. He knew, though, who might be able to help—one of his professors back at Columbia. Dropping his runner disguise, he went back to Columbia looking like himself, Lex James, corp kid and college student. He limited what he showed his professor to protect both himself and the information. Thanks to his corporate education and upbringing and some clarifications from the professor, he started to get a better understanding of what he had stumbled upon and why someone had tried to kill him. He knew things are getting serious.

Unfortunately for Silver Nail, the professor was not as trustworthy as he thought. Recognizing the value of the information Lex showed him, the professor brought it to MCT for a cash reward. MCT cheerfully agreed to pay him and asked where he got the data; the professor shared that information without a thought.

Sadly, the next day, the professor was killed in an apartment break-in gone wrong (after he died, there was of course no trace of a payment to him from MCT). MCT is beginning to clean house. Their next move is to draw Lex out, and they’ve already made the Lex James/Silver Nail connection. MCT has Cheli arrange for the hit on Mr. and Mrs. James, hoping it will bring Silver Nail to the spot of the planned assassination, where they can capture him and then perhaps talk about what he knows.
