---
id: WN-0043
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Financial District
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Financial District

- **Council Member:** Davian Quercos

- **Security Rating:** AAA

- **Typical Host Rating:** 9/4/6

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** ZurichGemeinschaft Bank, Corporate Court Members

Nowhere in NYC is as secure as Zurich Town. On the other hand, no runs are nearly as profitable as those hitting the major corporations that call this place home. The nickname comes from the trio of two-hundred-fifty-story iridescent black towers serving as the Earth-based headquarters of the Corporate Court. The surrounding skyrakers are loaded with attorney and lobbyist firms, all working to improve one corporation or anothMANHATTANer’s position with the court. The smaller of Saeder-Krupp’s two (you read that right) New York headquarters is located directly across the street from the towers.

- The location of the S-K Prime building is intentional. When Fuchi built those towers decades ago, they were connected to the surrounding buildings via pre-existing underground tunnels that were supposed to have collapsed during the 2005 quake or been purposely blocked off. S-K Prime sits on the footprint of the ventilation building for those tunnels. Not to be a conspiracy theorist, but that means that S-K has complete access to whatever is left of those tunnels, giving them a way to secretly move whatever they want into the Corporate Court buildings.

- Plan 9

As is common with most NY business districts, there is low residency here. The people who do live here are high-value corporate residents, along with the security apparatus needed to keep them safe. Zurich Town is entirely extraterritorial, and as such, there are so many corps here that whoowns-what changes based on which block you’re on. NYPD treads carefully to the point that their presence is mostly for show. The corporate security forces protecting their charges remain the real threat here.
