---
id: WN-0383
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Hotspots Governors Island
page: 107
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Hotspots Governors Island

The island is an extraterritorial property owned and operated by Ares. It’s used as a training academy for both Knight Errant officers and Ares special operations teams. There are no roads to the island—all transportation to and from uses a fleet of Ares-owned rotorcraft and watercraft operated on a regular schedule. At any one time, there will be between fifty and sixty instructors (all Professional Rating 7 to 10 NPCs, p. 208–210, _SR6_ ) and another 300 to 400 trainees (all Professional Rating 3 to 8 grunts, p. 206-208, _SR6_ ) representing a mix of combat, magic, hacking, and rigging specialists. This means that if the run goes sideways, Ares can muster essentially unlimited opposition.

Security around the perimeter of the island is heavy, but it tapers off quickly after moving onshore. Pairs of rotodrones armed with Ares Alphas (gel ammo and stun grenades) circle the island at fifty meters above sea level on a regular patrol schedule, timed roughly two minutes apart. Various types of summoned and bound spirits are also stationed along the perimeter of the island with orders to engage anyone coming ashore at a non-authorized location. These spirits are spaced 50 to 100 meters apart and are typically Force 4 to Force 6. There are ten anti-vehicle missile batteries placed around the perimeter of the island at 300-meter intervals, all tied into the island’s rating 6 sensor network designed to detect unauthorized sea or air traffic. The sensors are mounted on towers located at 100-meter intervals around the island’s perimeter and include cameras with thermographic capability that monitor the area. The sensors, cameras, missile systems, and patrolling rotodrones are all wirelessly connected to a rating 9 Foundation-style security host, protected by an expert security decker (use Seal Team 6 Counter-Electronics Commando, p. 209, _SR6_ ).

The areas used by personnel are all surrounded

**==> picture [284 x 765] intentionally omitted \<==**



by three-meter-high stone walls topped with razor wire. The reason for this is apparent once the runners are on the island for a while—all areas not actively in use are overrun with feral basilisks (p. 126, _SR6_ ). Roll 1D6 every 15 minutes spent out in the unoccupied areas of the island; on a roll of 1, the PCs encounter a hungry basilisk.
