---
id: WN-0407
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Leaving So Soon?
page: 114
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Leaving So Soon?

Shortly after the event begins, the runners are contacted by a Mr. Johnson they’ve never met before. He claims to be the head of a private security detail. He explains that he has a high-profile client who needs to leave the event immediately. There are concerns, however, that this client is presently under threat of assassination. He requests that the runners meet him at the Gala and play decoy to his client, providing enough subterfuge to get his client away safely. Given the rushed and dangerous nature of the assignment, he is willing to offer 15,000 nuyen as well as providing an elite four-man security detail (use DocWagon HTR officer, p. 207, _SR6_ ), and three Range Rover Model 2080s to help sell the ruse.

When the runners arrive at the Met, they are led to a basement parking garage where the vehicles and security are waiting. The runners are told to make their way toward La Guardia Airport. Once there, they will be met by a security agent who will pay them. This is no easy task. Once the runners are a mile removed from the Met, they will come under attack from team of shadowrunners that include a combat mage and a technomancer looking to extract the client. There will be a number of attackers equal to the runners plus two (use Marine Corps Special Operations Forces, p. 208, _SR6,_ to represent additional runners). NYPD will not respond—they’ve been compensated to stay out of it.

The client in question is Karen King of Ares. The board of directors has called an emergency meeting, and someone wants to be sure she doesn’t get there.
