---
id: WN-0385
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Ares Governors Island Facility Security Host (Foundation Host)
page: 108
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ares Governors Island Facility Security Host (Foundation Host)

**==> picture [210 x 12] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
A S D F RATING GRADE SCALE<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

11 9 10 12 9 3 4 **IC:** Patrol, Track, Tar Baby, Acid, Blaster

employees. If KE comes out looking for who is on the island, it will take twenty minutes to get things organized, and the response will consist of several ten-person fire teams. Two of the locations marked by Spyder turn out to be just shallow rock shelters, and the third is a small cave currently being used as a basilisk nest, with two adults and six hatchlings (divide the stats of adult basilisks in half). The fourth possible location is also a small cavern, but the back wall consists of loosely piled broken rocks that looks like they were deliberately placed to block an opening. As the team enters the cavern, two Force 6 spirits of fire (placed here by Aztechnology) manifest and attack the runners.

Once the spirits are dealt with, the rock debris can be moved out of the way with an extended Body + Strength (40, 10 minute) test; multiple workers can contribute to the total hits needed. A spirit of earth working to clear the rock doubles its number of hits on the test. The cavern system winds down under the island and eventually a large metal door with a high-quality mechanical lock (rating 6) will be encountered.
