---
id: WN-0026
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: The Information Network
page: 14
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Information Network

Read through the fine print in your CityPass, and you’ll stumble across a section of text giving designated city entities the right to tag your profile for a variety of reasons. In short, having a CityPass means the corporations reserve the right to keep tabs on your activities and whereabouts within the borders of the city. This tracking doesn’t use global positioning tech, but it lets corporations tag you when you move in and out of any extraterritorial space. While that location data isn’t extremely valuable on its own, it is another data point within the sea of information the data miners are collecting on everyone moving throughout the city.

What people don’t understand about Manhattan is that its primary resource is information. The city doesn’t have any meaningful industry, it isn’t isolated or secure enough for corporations to host their most secretive lab facilities, and there are no worthwhile veins of rare earth materials to dig up from beneath the surface. New York has Michelin Star restaurants, five-star hotels, world-class arts and entertainment, and elite clothing designers— New York has name recognition. However, unlike LA, Dubai, and Paris, where anyone who matters wants to be seen, New York’s upper echelon prefers to move silently through the city, enjoying everything our golden apple has to offer without being criticized for their appetites. If they are to be seen and known, it’s on their terms. In this way, they are defined by where they allow themselves to be seen, and like the corporations they work for, what they allow themselves to be seen sponsoring. And all this information ends up as more fodder for the data brokers.

Outside the public spotlight of media and official corporate communication, that data moves through three unconventional streams: the forgot-


ten wageslaves working their menial jobs, independent-network data miners assembling every bit of information they scrape into a cohesive story, and the handful of exclusive social clubs that serve as a means for backchannel deals between corporations and other superpowers.
