---
id: WN-0062
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Evo
page: 28
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Evo

**Local Subsidiaries:** CrashCart, Evolution Medical, Pensodyne Genetics, Red Star Clinics

Evo is the only megacorp that is not actively trying to join the MDC. While there are many rumors about why this is the case, I believe it begins and ends with Buttercup. Three years ago, NBCNN revealed that Buttercup owned the top fifty floors of the Empire State Building, ending decades of rumors about the high-security elevators and mysterious wards blocking access to that zone. Their report went on to suggest her ownership of the space was entirely separate from their HQ a half-mile away. Buttercup’s presence remains a curiosity, but what is clear is her interest in New York is separate from that of the corporation.

- Buttercup also recently purchased the Flatiron building after years of trying to wrestle it away from CitiGroup. She owns a nearly identical structure in Seattle’s downtown area. Both are warded in the same fashion as the Empire State Building.

- **>** Ethernaut

The beauty of Japanacorps is how far ahead they plan, but Evo’s plan is obscured by upheaval and division. Nobody knows what Evo wants or plans to do next, and that is dangerous. Evo’s thinking is alien and dangerous to the court—they are headed by a naga who has a free spirit whispering in her ear. Although Evo is not actively trying to make a play for a board seat, they are cornering the local market in non-police emergency services and elective medicine. CrashCart holds the fire and medical rescue contracts for New York, as well as a number of local hospitals—including Mount Sinai, which doubles as an Evolution Medical clinic. Their Red Star and Pensodyne Genetics clinics can be found throughout the city, offering discreet genetic and cybernetic modifications to wealthy New Yorkers.
