---
id: WN-0447
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Monads/Vida Nova/EVO
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Monads/Vida Nova/EVO

Evo is writing the check and the monads and Vida Nova don’t really want the bad press of a street massacre on their hands (they get enough bad PR as it is). While Piper Jane is an independent, she will help broker this deal if the runners are willing to listen to the bid.

Evo has a long-standing interest in the workings of the metahuman mind, so they’d love to have a controlling interest in Animus’ technology. They believe it has the potential for monad corrective procedures while also potentially placing displaced monad AI personalities into a clone blank.

Not to mention the spying and derivative tech that Evo could pull out of it.

_Sends_ : Vice (a runner turned corporate face for Evo) with a team of runners.

_Resources_ : A team of four individuals (use Face, p. 85, _SR6_ ; Covert Ops Specialist, p. 83, _SR6_ ; Street Samurai, p. 87, _SR6_ ; Street Shaman, p. 88, _SR6_ ) with a Nightsky (p. 296, _SR6_ , w/ Body 20, Armor 12, Pilot 4, and 2 Ingram Valiants (p. 258, _SR6_ ) in a pop-up turret.

_Tactics_ : They’re playing this one pretty much on the up and up. They want to pay for the tech, not just take it, and Evo is offering one of the biggest payouts. They use every means at their disposal to reach out to the runners for a meeting and show the utmost professionalism. (This meeting would be a fine time for someone less professional to crash in with a counteroffer).

_Offer_ : 200,000 nuyen

_Conditions for Attack_ : Defense only. Evo is treating this as regular business, not shadow work. They’re hoping to succeed through something as classic as waving around money.

_Ways to Play off Other Factions:_ While Evo would prefer exclusive access to the tech, they wouldn’t be too upset for others to have access, too, so it’s not a deal-breaker for them. If they hear the PCs are thinking of destroying the technology, though, they’ll increase their offer to 250,000 nuyen.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ None
