---
id: WN-0222
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: The Dress and the Beau
page: 65
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Dress and the Beau

“Okay, it’s actually a gown. Chic and slim, smart and eye-catching, meant to capture the attention of those around the wearer, but also standing up to the challenge of defending the same should an unforeseen crisis arise,” says one of Wu Ping’s assistants. She recalls that Becky stated the materials were breakthrough, using clean nanoweave and animate materials. “The entire thing could light up, adapt shape, change color … everything.” Problem is no one has the material on hand, the original fabric is gone, and it is not a SpIn product.

Questions about special friends or partners will elicit “She was seeing Gu.” Physically searching for images of Gu is a Perception + Intuition (10, 1 hour) roll in Becky’s apartment; anyone with Forensics or Scrounge knowledge skills gain a bonus point of Edge on this test to use once. MeFeed (Asia) searches (Electronics + Intuition [10, 1 hour] or Influence (Etiquette) + Charisma [6, 1 hour]) will discover likenesses of Ms. Wu Ping spending time with a potential fiancé, Gu Guanyu, working for a research think tank agency located in Hong Kong. The pair made small ripples in the social nets of Southeast Asia for a few months, but all references to Gu and her together have been erased. Knowledge skills in MeFeeds or Eastern Fashions gain a bonus point of Edge for those tests to use once.

Getting in touch with Gu is easy enough—he’s been concerned about Becky now since she went missing earlier and will take the first trans-orbital flight to Manhattan. He will need to be picked up at the airport and would prefer at least one nonSpIn escort. On the commute in, Gu will remark
