---
id: WN-0038
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Stuyvesant
page: 20
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Stuyvesant

- **Council Member:** Matthew Casillas

- **Security Rating:** AAA

- **Typical Host Rating:** 8/4/4

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Shiawase, Renraku, Winter Systems, NYPD, Inc.

While there are no walls delineating Stuyvesant from the rest of the city, you can feel the difference once you cross Third Avenue. Looking around at the high-end residential area east of Times Square running from 58[th] Street down to 23[rd] , you notice that the police presence disappears. That isn’t to say they aren’t there—this is Gold- and Platinum-strip territory, after all. People this wealthy just don’t want to see the security apparatus all around them, so the NYPD patrols in undercover units. They rely on pop-up security sentries, lifelike drones embedded with the wildlife, and overlapping camera feeds that provide an angle on every centimeter of public space along that thirty-fiveblock stretch.

The people living in Stuyvesant rarely travel outside the district unless it’s to visit a cultural touchstone like Lincoln Center, attend a party elsewhere, or be driven to work high atop one of the arcologies. The homes in this area trend to single-family brownstones mixed in with top-end commercial boutiques. Every major New York fashion house has a location here. This is also the place to find the best cyberclinics in town. Evo houses a half-dozen clinics here, with Renraku and Ares not far behind. The most well-known of the clinics is Nightengale’s East, located on 28[th] and Second.
