---
id: WN-0470
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Eager - (Fixer, Connection rating 2)
page: 142
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- cyberware
- gear
- toxins
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Eager

## (Fixer, Connection rating 2)

A former drug dealer and shadowrunner, Eager is new to the fixer side of things. As such, he does the jobs nobody else will do. Eager’s connections are presently limited to the Terminal district, where he grew up and did his dealing in the early years. While those connections run deep, he isn’t on good terms with everyone. His disconnect with Terminal’s Slaughterhouse gang has led to several scuffles in the street. The gang feels he abandoned them by becoming a runner and now fixer. Eager, on the other hand, calls the move his evolution.

Eager is a male elf with a rainbow-colored afro and a cheerful, laid-back demeanor.

**B A R S W L I C EDG ESS** 3 4 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5.8 **DR I/ID AC CM MOVE** 6 8/1 A1. I2 10/10 10/15/+1

**Skills:** Athletics 4, Close Combat 4, Con 3 (Fast Talk +2), Electronics 2, Firearms 4, Influence 4 (Leadership +2), Outdoors 1 (Urban +2), Perception 5, Stealth 5 **Augmentations:** Synthacardium 2

**Gear:** Area jammer (rating 4), contacts (capacity 3, w/ image link, smartlink), Erika Elite commlink (DR4), lined coat (DR+3, Social –2) **Weapons:**

Area Crusader II [Machine Pistol, DV 2P, SA/BF, 9/9/7/—/—, 40(c), w/ smartgun] Combat knife [Blade, DV 3P, 8/2\*/—/—/—, * max range 20 meters]

go “Ding” Ramos. Ms. Tano relocated to UCAS before giving birth, where she meet Mr. Houston. Ms. Tano changed her name, and her husband raised Jay as if he were his own. Ding, surprisingly, keeps tabs on his kids quietly through his cartel operations and has taken an interest in Jay’s new choice of work, having become aware of his son’s involvement during his UCAS Special Forces days. This is what has made El Guapo a perfect, unconnected choice that Ding has chosen to use in the events in New York City.

**==> picture [191 x 47] intentionally omitted \<==**

**----- Start of picture text -----**<br>
B A R S W L I C EDG ESS<br>3(4) 3(4) 3(4) 2(3) 5 5 6 5(+4) 5 4.72<br>DR I/ID AC CM MOVE<br>7 10/1 A1,I2 10/11 10/15/+1<br>**----- End of picture text -----**<br>

**Skills:** Close Combat 4 (Blades +2), Con 5, Electronics 4, Firearms 5, Influence 5 (Intimidation +2), Outdoors 2, Piloting 2, Perception 4 (Vision +2), Stealth 2 **Qualities:** Astral Chameleon, Low-light Vision

**Augmentations (alphaware):** Sleep regulator, suprathyroid gland, tailored pheromones 4

**Gear:** Contacts (capacity 3, w/ image link, flare compression, thermographic vision), Mortimer of London Berwick suit (DR +3, Social +4), Transys Avalon commlink (rating 6)

**Weapons:**

Ares Predator VI [Heavy Pistol, DV 3P, SA/BF, 10/10/8/—/—w/ concealable quick draw holster] Knife [Blade, DV 2P, 8/1/—/—/—, w/ concealable sheath]
