---
id: WN-0005
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Introduction
page: 6
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Introduction

In 1887, Nellie Bly published _Ten Days in a Mad-House_ in the _New York World_ , resulting in reformations of the treatment of the mentally ill.

In 1893, S.S. McClure founded _McClure’s_ magazine in New York City, and it became a leader in the muckraker movement, publishing exposés on coal mining, political corruption, trust manipulation, and more.

In 1971, the _New York Times_ published the Pentagon papers, revealing how the public had been lied to about the Vietnam War. Anti-war sentiment accelerated.

New York has often been the center of the storm when it comes to explosive secrets being revealed. That time has come again in the Sixth World, as several secrets have made their way to Manhattan, waiting for the right team to uncover them—and figure out to do with them. Threads of stories involving the assassination of Johnny Spinrad, the recent crisis in Denver, and the mysterious metaplane known as Dis are all converging, and some people with cash are willing to pay to uncover them. It’s definitely time for a trip to New York to do some muckraking.

_Whisper Nets_ begins with **New York Uncovered** , an update on the state of New York City in the 2080s. With info on ways in and out, the districts of the city, organized crime, notable locations, and more, this provides the briefing characters need if they want to operate in this corporate enclave.

Next come the missions themselves. There are thirty-three of them in his book, covering a range of plotlines that will lead skilled shadowrunners to uncover a wealth of information. They can then decide the best ways to put it to use—and hope to avoid any blowback for their actions.

These missions carry a lot of plot and a ton of hidden motivations, so the next chapter is a **Plot Summary** to help you understand all the ins and outs of the storyline.

Finally, the **Character Trove** provides game statistics for many of the notable NPCs the players might encounter in this campaign.

This information is all you need to bring player characters to Manhattan, turn them loose, and see how they can survive among all the machinations of the city’s power players. If they’re good enough and smart enough, they might be able to make things a little bit better for some of the people of the Sixth World—and a lot better for their bank accounts.


**==> picture [612 x 405] intentionally omitted \<==**
