---
id: WN-0067
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Shiawase
page: 30
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Shiawase

Local Subsidiaries: Aboritech, Jean-Paul Fashion, Shiawase & Rubicon Advertisement, Shiawase Advanced Robotics, Shiawase Atomics, Vector Matrix Services

New York is where it all began for Shiawase. The Seretech truck full of nuclear waste that was ripped open by a starving mob paved the way for the rules of extraterritoriality. The site of that incident, east of the International District, is marked by a black obelisk inscribed with the names of the people who lost their lives from radiation poisoning. Shiawase subsidiary, Aboritech, is the city’s energy provider, and they’re known as the company that cleaned it up. That’s exactly how the company works. They put a pleasant face on disasters they cause and tell you it’s okay to cry because they’re going to fix it. They fixed JFK Airport.

- Changing the name didn’t change the crap service. Hitomi International is among the worst airports in the world for ontime arrivals. Check-in procedures take far longer than normal, and luggage is lost so frequently you’d think they were shipping it elsewhere on purpose. Of course, all these problems are limited to the handful of airlines operating out the airport that aren’t owned by Shiawase.

- Traveler Jones

They fixed New York’s struggling power grid. They fixed the outages caused by the blackout.

MySoy fast food fixes hunger for the poor and needy. Jean Paul and LolliPOP! make affordable clothing so people can dress for their interviews and get jobs. The list goes on.

Of course, the list is a lie. The number one thing Shiawase does well is shape the narrative around what they have to offer. That ability is thanks to the Shiawase Market Forecasting and Information Department. The MFID runs a large operation in New York, incorporating several runners and fixers into the fold so they stay ahead of the other corporations. It’s because of this operation that Shiawase remains a top player on the MDC.
