---
id: WN-0257
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Part Two
page: 73
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Part Two

Hired by Piper, the runners need to look into who was behind this and why they arranged to make all this happen. The biggest clues they have are the discrepencies between their own surveillance footage and the new, doctored footage, combined with what they saw during the c-suite gathering in mission 5 (p. 52).

All of the individuals who were impersonated attended the gathering, with the exception of the hosts. The twins, Celina and Illyan Ardrin, are the key to learning what this was all about.

The problem is the twins are reclusive and well-protected almost all the time. As they work primarily in Manhattan, they have comfortable housing in the city. The pair have a matching set of penthouses atop Parkview Tower, near Park Avenue and 57th Street. They share a private central elevator from the main floor lobby and a private below-ground parking garage. They split the top floor in mirrored penthouse suites. The suites each have a master bedroom, three smaller (but still huge) bedrooms, a study, a living room, large kitchen, and access to a wraparound balcony and outdoor infinity pool from all the bedrooms and the living room.

The lobby area is large, simple, and classy. Marble and gold accents give it a luxurious feel, but its simplistic style keeps it from looking ostentatious. There is a main floor security station at the front door manned by two guards and a sales office open from 09:00 to 17:00 with four sales staff around most of the time. The elevator bank is in the center of the building, with a single elevator servicing the penthouse and six elevators leading to the other floors.

Each twin has a live-in security team surgically modified to seem like identical triplets—three women in with Celina and three men in with Illyan. Each group consists of a mage (use Combat Mage, p. 82, _SR6_ ), a technomancer (use Technomancer, p. 89, _SR6_ ), and a physical adept (use Adept, p. 81, _SR6_ ). The twins also have a security strike/extraction team (use three Lone Star SWAT Officer, p. 207, _SR6_ ; Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ ; DocWagon HTR Support Engineer, p. 208, _SR6_ ; Minuteman Security Rigger, p. 206, _SR6_ ) sitting at the ready on a nearby rooftop helipad in an MCTSikorsky-Bell Wolfhound (p. 298, _SR6_ ).
