---
id: WN-0109
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: The Night Market
page: 39
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Night Market

The underground street market does not have a fixed location. Vendors arrive in Midtown, Downtown, and the Villages after businesses shut down. The vendors crawl up out of the semi-abandoned subway tunnels and quickly set up stands offering a rather random and idiosyncratic assortment of goods.

The Night Markets are a fine place to locate fences who operate outside of standard organized crime channels. They can also be a place to find rare, and often outdated, goods.

- Yankee is right on both counts. I found a 2039 model Ruger Super Warhawk at a market that popped up close to Chinatown. The gun worked just fine. The guy said he found it down in the tunnels in the wreckage of an old train. We struck up a conversation, and before long, I’d found myself a new fence. He runs a small private operation moving goods out to Brooklyn. His name is Jasper—hope he’s still alive.

- Snopes

- Many of the larger syndicates won’t touch the markets because of how much exposure there is operating on the streets and sidewalks; however, the Seoulpa Rings are deep in the industry— probably because they have nowhere else to sell.

- Jimmy No

The Night Market community is tight and insular. Screw over a vendor, and you’ll catch hell from anyone in their circle. The whole thing works like old-school street racing. The vendors have lookouts stationed atop buildings near the market so they can sniff out cops. At the first whiff of trouble, they’re gone—like they were never there in the first place.
