---
id: WN-0119
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Delivering the Data
page: 44
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Delivering the Data

Times Square is a bow-tie-shaped pedestrian plaza that runs through midtown where Seventh Avenue and Broadway intersect, running from 41st through 47th streets. The area is owned and operated by Horizon, though the company leases space to several other smaller corporations. It is lit up with so many ads and signs at night that it is almost bright as day.

The Times Square billboard network consists of 47 super-sized billboards and a fully immersive AR component. The system architecture is managed by a complex algorithm, but it is built on the original network of cables running beneath the square. Unbeknownst to most, the billboard network contains a sync switch in a nearby sub-basement. The switch was incorporated into the system decades ago by the city government as a part of the Emergency Broadcast System and subsequently forgotten once the local EBS network was disbanded and corporatized.

Select corporate locals knew about the switch and passed that information down through the years, the way most corporate secrets are passed along—with an eye toward waiting for the right time to use it. Sutton believes the time is now, and he tells the runners where the sync switch is located. He directs them to the famed TKTS booth/ bleachers at the base of the largest billboard. The runners are being asked to perform this task during peak hours, so the booth will be staffed by two ticketing agents and a manager. Two long lines of customers wait for the ticketing agents to call them forward. There is no security on-site, but a pair of NYPD officers regularly patrol the square. There is a locked door inside the ticketing office that leads to a stairwell that goes into the catacomb of cables running beneath the city.

It takes two minutes to get from the surface to the switch room. Players will need to bring their own light source and navigate this level until they reach the switch room, which looks like a small recording studio filled with outdated boards and computers all covered in dust.

It is a relatively simple splice for such a complicated technical system. The players need to make an Electronics + Logic (9, 1 min) Extended test to operate this equipment. All they need to do is start

the surveillance playback and head to the surface to see the fireworks. Once the runners activate the switch, silent alarm panels begin to flash. They only have minutes to get back to the surface before Horizon security locates the source of the splice and comes to shut it down.
