---
id: WN-0440
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Arleesh/Grey Cells/ Yakut/Awakened Allies
page: 126
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Arleesh/Grey Cells/ Yakut/Awakened Allies

This mixed bag team-up is more of a coalition of colliding causes than anything else. They are working directly against the elements of Dis, especially after the discoveries of the devices in Denver (see _The Third Parallel_ ). They are interested in learning the location of the Dis portal, who has been hiding it, and any other intelligence they can pick up. They’d certainly be interested in knowing observations on the condition of the manasphere in Dis.

_Sends_ : Silk, a face to work a deal, with a magic-heavy team as backup.

_Resources_ :

- Silk (use Face, p. 85, _SR6_ ; increase all skills by 2)

- Bashaera (use Street Shaman, p. 88, _SR6_ ; increase all skills by 2, increase Magic by 1, add Initiate Grade 1, masking)

- Pulse (use Combat Mage, p. 82, _SR6_ ; increase all skills by 1, add four more spells of gamemaster’s choice, add four Force 2 spirits of air)

- Candy (use Adept, p. 81, _SR6_ ; increase all skills by 2)

- Daisy (use Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ ; increase all skills by 1, add two Force 4 spirits of earth)

- Kenji (use Seraphim Avenging Angel, p. 208, _SR6_ ; increase all skills by 1)

_Tactics_ : Silk will contact the runners with a genuine offer and will want to meet face to face at a location of the runners’ choosing. He’ll have his team of runners nearby but will truly try to make the deal happen before calling on them to do some advanced tactical negotiations.

_Offer_ : 100,000 nuyen and global access to magical reagents at 20 percent below market value.



_Conditions for Attack:_ The PCs move to keep the location of the portal hidden or otherwise help Dis.

_Ways to Increase Their Offer:_ Aztechnology will pay to protect the portal, so the obvious move is to try to get Aztechnology to offer more, then play to two off each other. The Arleesh faction will increase their offer to as high as 150,000 nuyen, after which they will cut negotiations off and opt to attack.

_Ways to Play Off Other Factions:_ This faction has some interest in Animus’ memory altering technology. If they are offered access to it, their price jumps to 200,000 nuyen. Additionally, their team can support the PCs traveling around the city.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ None unless the PCs fully side with Dis; in that case, High.
