---
id: WN-0451
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: The Sea Dragon
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Sea Dragon

While not featured as a player in the game of Manhattan chess, the Sea Dragon always keeps an eye on anything going on anywhere near the water. Her ears around the city have heard of Animus’ new tech. She is not terribly interested in it for herself, but she would prefer it not end up in the hands of any of her rivals. Infiltrating her ranks has proven very difficult, but something like this could change that.

This is not the highest item on her priority list, but she has the right person for the job. One of her children, Abyssa, has become a bit big for her rather small britches, and the Sea Dragon thinks an encounter with some runners might teach her some humility—or prove that her swagger is justified. Abyssa is not the most physically or magically powerful of the new ranks of leviathans, but she thinks if she can work with the metahumans, she can gain power that way.

_Sends_ : Abyssa to ask the runners to connect her to Animus technology

_Resources_ : A dragon, Abyssa (Character Trove, p. 139) and her spirit assistants (one Force 6 of each spirit type in the core rulebook with additional powers selected by the gamemaster to best fit their campaign and challenge their players).

_Tactics_ : She’ll set a trap near the docks if she can lure them in socially, an attack in Terminal at

the Pit if not. She has the hubris of her mother but nowhere near the clout.

_Offer_ : 150,000 nuyen

_Conditions for Attack:_ While Abyssa wants to lure the PCs to a favorable battleground, she’ll start by talking to them to see if they’ll just sell her what she wants. But if they don’t at least make progress toward agreement, she attacks with the intent of finishing the PCs off for their stubbornness.

_Ways to Play Off Other Factions:_ Abyssa knows Arleesh has an interest in all this, but she’s not sure what. Whatever it is, though, she’d like to stop it. Her desire is simple—she wants the PCs to bring Silk to her, and she’ll eat him. She’ll throw in 15,000 nuyen for this service.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ None. If she can’t get things done in the timeframe she intends, Abyssa will slink away from the area, ashamed.
