---
id: WN-0379
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Garage Functionality
page: 106
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Garage Functionality

How do cars get in and out of the relatively tight garage? During their observation, a van is driven into the servicing garage for CitiBank. Should the runners follow it and wish to remain unnoticed (Stealth [4]), they will witness other vehicles rotate as if on turntables to make room for the van to drive right between them straight through the wall.

Both entries are shielded by wards (rating 9) that are concealed and masked to prevent detection placed within the physical walls (thus not visible from outside, even if someone is assensing). Force 6 spirits of air and beasts patrol behind the wards and alert staff if the wards are breached. Physical

security measures present within the tunnels include two metahuman personnel (use DocWagon HTR Officer, p. 207, _SR6_ ), and two security overwatch personnel (use Delta Force Logistics and Support Rigger, p. 209, _SR6_ ) in the host always. Two magicians are on duty at any time (use Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ , raise Astral and Sorcery both by +2, and add Trid Phantasm and Sensor Sneak spells). The security host is a rating 8 hardwired host, with wireless service to it only provided once inside the facility, as the facility is considered to be inside a Faraday cage (p. 177, _SR6_ ).

The facility has a security area that serves as a final checkpoint once people clear the wards and doors. Behind that is a fifty-meter-long hallway. On the left side are doors leading to a series of labs and patient rooms, six altogether (three of each type of room). The right side has two more patient rooms, an employee break room, and four offices (in that order proceeding from the security room). All doors are protected by rating 6 maglocks set to unlock with authorized users’ thumbprints.

Anyone who brings a commlink into the facility is asked to put it in a wireless-inhibiting bag. Staff typically leave personal commlinks at home. Data from the facility is stored on a wired host (rating 10); available data is similar to that found at the Octagon (see p. 90).
