---
id: WN-0400
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: "Ahma\u2019s Ambush"
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- combat
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Ahma’s Ambush

Ahma Yoshida discovered that someone hired the Battery Boys to ambush her GSG caravan on the way to the Met Gala. Gangers pose no real threat to her or her security, but a running street battle would heap negative press on the Nagato Corporation. She sends an officer of the GSG to offer the runners 1,000 nuyen each to stop the gangers before they attack. There is an additional 1,000 nuyen for each of them if they can find out who hired the Battery Boys and why.

Finding the Battery Boys is simple enough, as the group is already bragging about what they are about to do. Runners will need to succeed on a Connection + Connection (2) test to figure out the group is gathering at a closed-down Stuffer Shack in Battery City. There are fifteen gangers preparing to attack the caravan. By the time the runners arrive, they will have loaded up the first six in one of three late-model Toyota Gophers (use Eye Five Go-Ganger for the Battery Boys, p. 204, _SR6_ ).

The gang was hired by a fixer named Miles Tran (use Face archetype, p. 85, _SR6_ ) who works the area between Battery City and the International District. Runners who use their local contacts to learn about the fixer will need to succeed on a Connection + Connection (5) test in order to determine that Tran is camped out at Bar 24, a noted Triad location whose name is pronounced in Mandarin as “easy to die.” Tran is protected by six Triad soldiers scattered throughout the crowded bar (use Mafia Soldato, p. 207, _SR6_ ) as well as his personal protector, a Wolf shaman named Zee (use Street Shaman archetype, p. 88, _SR6_ ). He is relaxing in a booth with Zee and will have the runners removed if they approach him. Tran works for the Red Dragon Society. He will not answer to the runners unless forced. If the runners manage to make him talk, he confesses that the attack on GSG was intended to force the security force into a street battle, during which innocents would be killed, causing the elite guard and the Yakuza they are affiliated with to lose face. That, however, is not the entire story. If pressed further, he will admit that Wuxing funded the operation, as their interests aligned in this particular matter.
