---
id: WN-0331
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: The Job - The Hunt Is On
page: 92
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- qualities
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## The Job

## The Hunt Is On

After mission 20, **Grey Matters** (p. 89), the PCs should have reached out to contacts about the data they found to figure out what it means and what they can do with it (if they didn’t, now would be a good time to do so). Any of the people who have been hiring them—Cat, Rikki Nguyen, Piper Jane, etc.—will pay them to keep following this thread, because they know how much this could be worth. The base rate will be 2,000 nuyen per runner, with a bonus based on the quality of the information learned. Whoever is serving as Mr. Johnson will tell the PCs to save their bargaining for that bonus payment.

The first step will be to analyze the data. That means putting the PCs in touch with someone with medical expertise. So Mr. Johnson has them go visit a BTL producer named Brinkvale (use stats for **College Professor** , p. 166, _Sixth World Companion_ ).

Brinkvale was a researcher in NYU’s Institute of Biomedical Sciences, but he became frustrated when lines of study he wanted to pursue kept being denied by the higher-ups. He now produces experimental BTLs—some he calls “therapeutic,” others he refers to as “sensory focus tools,” and he has plenty of other jargon to discuss the ways he tries to manipulate the mind.

His BTLs are science-based, constructed with full knowledge of up-to-date research on brain functioning. He knows what areas he’s trying to trigger and what effect he wants to have. That makes him a good candidate to review the files the PCs found at the Octagon.

They can find Brinkvale in his apartment on the East Side. Since the PCs are referred by Mr. Johnson, he is happy to let them in. It’s a nice place—

BTL revenue is good. When shown the information from the Octagon, he immediately appears interested, but he does not give away information. He claims he needs some time to analyze, and his work will be helped if the PCs do him a quick favor. He insists (and he’s telling the truth) that the favor will help with the PCs’ ultimate goal.

He needs them to bring in a patient who missed an appointment. Her name is Sigrid, and she usually can be found behind a restaurant called the Blind Pig.
