---
id: WN-0452
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: UCAS CIA
page: 132
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- critters
status: active
overrides: []
---

## UCAS CIA

As they are behind some of the main research of Animus Construction, they are far more interested in silencing the runners than bidding for something they already know. Things got too loud for them; they want to quiet things down.

Note that the CIA has a surprising amount of assets for an agency of a struggling nation; the PCs might speculate that someone is giving them extra support in this matter.

_Sends_ : A motley crew of expendable but skilled assets, most of whom are slightly unhinged.

_Resources_ : A team of seven government-trained professionals, as follows:

- BB: use Minuteman Security Rigger, p. 206, _SR6_ , add 2 Nissan Samurai drone with Colt Cobra SMG and katana, 2 GM-Nissan Doberman drones with Mossberg CMDT w/ explosive ammo, 2 Honda Spirits w/ rigger interface, 1 GMC Bulldog w/ rigger interface, and one Goodyear Commuter-47 (p. 75, _Double Clutch_ ).

- Bronx: use Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ (adjust for troll)

- Apex: use Yakuza Blademaster, p. 207, _SR6_

- Queens: use Mafia Soldato, p. 207, _SR6_ (adjust for troll)

- Parallax: use Seraphim Avenging Angel, p. 208, _SR6_

- Trigger: use DocWagon HTR Officer, p. 207, _SR6_

- Silver: use Lone Star Combat Mage, p. 207, _SR6_ , with three Force 4 kindred spirits (Fear; Innate Spell: Lightning Bolt; Movement as additional powers, one per spirit)

_Tactics_ : BB, short for Big Brother, hangs out in the Commuter-47, blending in with Manhattan

33: THEadvertising and transport craft while he controls the Bulldog and drones, and also taking over the Spirits, when not occupied. Bronx and Queens deploy from the Bulldog to attack the runners. Trigger and Silver ride in one of the Spirits, while Apex and Parallax deploy from the other. They are a direct assault force but have terrible teamwork skills and no real leader.

_Offer_ : 50,000 nuyen for the PCs to leave town and never talk about what they learned. This is not a serious offer, but they’ll be delighted if the PCs actually take it.

_Conditions for Attack:_ If the PCs reject their offer. They also can be inserted into any scene where PCs are trying to sell Animus data, trying to stage a desperate attack to keep the data from spreading.

_Ways to Play Off Other Factions:_ None. They want the PCs eliminated, not more deals made or money spent.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ Low. They want to seal the deal before things go down; once it’s done, they’ll start looking toward the next battle rather than fighting the past one.
