---
id: WN-0048
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: International District
page: 22
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## International District

- **Council Member:** Kit Chang

- **Security Rating:** C

- **Typical Host Rating:** 3/2/2



- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Wuxing, SpinGlobal, Monobe International, Yakashima Technologies

The battle for naming rights to this two-hundred-year-old district was lost long before Wuxing decided to step in and make it a fair fight. The trouble started when several Japanacorps decided to lay down roots in the area. Things took a turn for the worse when the district elders got in bed with SpinGlobal and their efforts to control the sudden revitalization of the district. The result is a district whose core is an insular group of residents highly resistant to change, surrounded by forces who are trying to both integrate and update the district into something resembling modernity.

- The irony is that the people who founded Chinatown were running from the governmental forces that eventually metastasized into Wuxing. The locals have more in common with the diaspora of immigrants that widened the district into what it is today than they do with the corp trying to save it. Funny thing is, the locals know it, too, and they’ve been fighting hard against Wuxing sinking its talons into the district.

- Ma-Fan

Chinatown is old-school. The MDC’s construction-happy ways haven’t penetrated very far into the district. Over a third of the buildings were built before the quake, with the newest construction happening along Bowery, sparing the maze of alleys and side streets that compose the veins of the district. Here, you’ll find the best street food NYC has to offer. You’ll also find a booming black-market economy built on forged goods. The Japanese influence is heavy in the sector, which has led to increased clashes between the Large Circle Triad and the Yakuza.

- Chinatown is the place to go for weapons and other goodies we shadowrunners need to operate. Most of the vendors are suppliers of one illegal item or another. The key is getting past the tourist crap they shovel your way when you first enter. The good stuff is always locked behind a hidden door—usually one that leads to a basement.

- 2XL
