---
id: WN-0401
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Arriving by Train
page: 112
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- combat
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Arriving by Train

The runners are contacted by a muckraker contact (Piper or any of the others they’ve connected with save for Bailey West). They have a scoop on the Gala and need the runners to help them get eyes on it. The Met Gala is infamous for its secrecy. No press is allowed inside the event, so no one beyond the exclusive guest list ever knows what goes on inside. They got a tip from a contact that a special train will be arriving at Grand Central containing a shipment to be delivered to the Met for the Gala. They want to know what is in that ship29: THEment. Unfortunately, they suspect they aren’t the only one with the scoop, so time is of the essence.

The muckraker is willing to offer the runners a trove of paydata on the NYPD. It is essentially a get out of jail free card for any crime short of outright murder. In fact, the data is footage of an NYPD, Inc., executive murdering the son of an Ares exec—a crime that a squatter was arrested and convicted for committing. There are links in the datastore to where the murder weapon can be located, and said weapon contains DNA evidence of the exec’s guilt.

The reason the muckraker is willing to part with the information is they believe this story is bigger. It is. A company of ghoul dancers are arriving as entertainment for the Gala. Along with this is a shipment of rare magical artifacts to be displayed at the Gala, all provided by Evo.

All the muckraker knows is the time the train is arriving and the company of origin: Evo. With that information, the runners will need to hack into the Grand Central host in order to find the exact location bay of the train’s arrival. The private train bay is a long tunnel with exits in the front, middle, and end on each side of the tracks. The location will be heavily guarded by Winter Systems Security (use Beat Cop, p. 212, _SR6_ ) with a dozen officers patrolling each side of the tracks. The officers are aware of the secrecy here and on high alert. The fifteen-member company of ghouls will be wearing jumpsuits with hoods to cover their heads. The cargo and passengers will be moved to a cargo elevator from the middle exit on the east side of the platform, which will ascend to an access platform where a row of Bulldog Step-Vans is waiting to deliver them to the Gala.
