---
id: WN-0299
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Going To College - Hook
page: 81
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
- gear
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Going To College

## Hook

Curiosity got to Silver Nail, and one night he absent-mindedly poked around on the Matrix using information from the device. He is a competent Matrix user, but competent can get you killed when people with real power want something. After a few repeated searches with some uncommonly used strings of keywords, automated programs were activated, an alert went out announcing someone had more information than they should have. Decisions were made, and contacts were given orders to eliminate the problem and destroy all evidence. They contracted a local fixer at Klubbs and Cheli Brokerage to hire a team to track a commlink and capture whoever has it.

The players arrive on campus at about 3:00 p.m. on a weekday.

Silver Nail told Fluffy he would be at the Low Memorial Library, and Fluffy suggests the team look there first. While searching the building, have the players make a Perception + Intuition (6) Teamwork test. They will notice that several of the people are moving around with pretty high energy for library patrons. The players can ask around to learn that (number of players + 3) metahumans came though as if they were looking for someone. They all went into the basement and tunnel system. For Cheli’s team, use Beat Cop, p. 212, i.

In the northernmost part of the basement, the runners will find a 1.5-meter-diameter hole in the wall. It exposes another tunnel that goes due north.



The players will have to navigate the tunnels to find Silver Nail and the people hunting him—when they enter the tunnels, he is about 200 meters into the maze of campus utility tunnels, with his pursuers 150 meters behind him. Once the opponents are run off or removed. Silver Nail will realize they were tracking him by his commlink and will destroy it.
