---
id: WN-0049
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: Battery City
page: 24
authority_level: 2
tags:
- matrix
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Battery City

- **Council Member:** Eric Padovano

- **Security Rating:** C to D

- **Typical Host Rating:** 2/1/1

- **Primary Corporate Funding:** Battery City Collective, Saeder-Krupp

Originally designated as a middle-to-low-income neighborhood, Battery suffers from “nowhere else to go” syndrome. As other Lower Manhattan neighborhoods push for revitalization, Battery keeps getting the overflow of citizens who can no longer afford to stay where they were. Unfortunately, not all these new arrivals are the ones you want living right next to you.

Battery is crawling with gangs pushed out of their territories. The longstanding Battery Boys go to war nightly with interlopers like Slaughterhouse and the Wraithchildes, who were pushed out of the West End. Since the violence is usually limited to the gangers themselves, nobody does anything about it. The MDC’s official stance is, “We are aware of the situation.” That’s corpspeak for, “We don’t care.” Lucky for Battery, someone else does. A group of A- and AA-level corporations have recently banded together to extend a lifeline to the community. The Battery City Collective is composed of four entities: Gaeatronics, Centurion Services International, the Genesis Consortium, and an unnamed partner with deep pockets. The group appears intent on addressing the climate-related flooding problems first. Given the recent trend of “get it fixed and maybe the MDC gives you a seat on the board,” this could be a ploy by any one of the corporations in the collective to appear worthy of a seat.
