---
id: WN-0465
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Background (Arleesh/Grey Cell)
page: 137
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Background (Arleesh/Grey Cell)

Grey Cell’s watchers become involved in events by investigating the fallout of Project Lazarus’ visible activities, as they suspect magical mind control. As they begin to learn the truth behind the events, they understand the potential power of the Animus technology. As a group, Grey Cell very much believes that the end justifies the means, and every tool available should be put to use for the greater good. More assets are moved into place, and a search for the Animus headquarters is being carried out parallel to the runner’s efforts. As events progress, however, acquiring the Animus tech becomes a secondary goal.

Under the guidance of Arleesh, Grey Cell is aware of the threat posed by Dis and are actively working to oppose it. Rumors of an active portal to Dis hidden somewhere in Manhattan gains the attention of Arleesh herself, and she directs Grey Cell resources in Manhattan to work on uncovering the location of the portal—and then shut it down. Arleesh is also interested in news of the metaplane’s current condition, not because it’s news to her but to confirm what she already believes is happening. In fact, Arleesh is partially responsible for the current disintegrating condition of the manascape of Dis—but that’s a secret to be revealed in the upcoming plot book, _Scotophobia_ .
