---
id: WN-0449
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: ADVENTURES
topic: Prometheus Engineering
page: 130
authority_level: 2
tags:
- magic
- rigging
- combat
- qualities
- gear
- missions
status: active
overrides: []
---

## Prometheus Engineering

Prometheus has hovered at the periphery of greatness around the world while enjoying the spotlight of their place on the MDC. They know the potential of Animus’ technology, but they also know they could not only use it, but they could make it better. In classic New York fashion, they put money on top of the table but have a shotgun underneath just in case.

_Sends_ : Edmond Farrington and a corporate runner team known as the Firebearers.

_Resources_ : Edmond is the money on the table, and the Firebearers are the shotgun under the table. The Firebearers are a corporate runner team working primarily for Prometheus. The team consists of:

- Torch (use Covert Ops Specialist, p. 82, _SR6_ ; add Exotic Weapon 3 (Flamethrowers +2), Shiawase Blazer)

- Matches (use Decker, p. 84, _SR6_ ; add Exotic Weapon 2 (Flamethrowers +2), Shiawase Blazer)

- Bic (use Weapon Specialist, p. 90, _SR6_ ; increase Exotic Weapon 6 (Flamethrowers +3), Shiawase Blazer)

- Flint (use Street Samurai, p. 87, _SR6_ ; add Exotic Weapon 4 (Flamethrowers +2), Shiawase Blazer)

- Sparks (use Rigger, p. 87, _SR6_ ; add Exotic Weapon 3 (Flamethrowers +2), Shiawase Blazer)

- Zippo (use Adept, p. 81, _SR6_ ; add Exotic Weapon 3 (Flamethrowers +2), Shiawase Blazer)

_Tactics_ : Edmond accepts a meeting at a location of the PCs’ choice to place his bid, or he tracks them down to politely make an offer. He has the Firebearers with him, waiting in the wings, but he doesn’t verbally threaten the team; he just pulls the trigger on the proverbial shotgun if the runners refuse to sell.

aren’t too worried about others having the technology, as they think they’d build a better version of it. If the PCs mention OmniStar’s interest, though, they’ll be intrigued—they think they can really give OmniStar what they want. They’ll make a few calls, and then the PCs will hear from OmniStar, who has increased their offer for the Animus Construction technology to 200,000 nuyen. The PCs need to think about this offer really carefully—the consequences described in the Aftermath section of the OmniStar write up would become even more severe. The PCs may get some money, but if they do any runs in the near future, they will experience a law enforcement environment like they’ve never seen, where Lone Star can essentially reshape reality. That should present a lot of challenges to the PCs in future missions if this scenario comes to pass.

_Aftermath Attack Risk:_ None
