---
id: WN-0086
source: Whisper Nets
chapter: General
topic: NYC Cops
page: 35
authority_level: 2
tags: []
status: active
overrides: []
---

## NYC Cops

In 2078, the city of New York, directed by the MDC, voted to ratify the Municipal Services order. This codified what a municipal service was and was not within the borders of NYC. Notably, the order designated only one provider for each service. With Ares removed from the council, it came as no surprise that NYPD, Inc., won that contract. That effectively expelled Winter Systems and Knight Errant from policing in the city.

- Not coincidentally, this initial service contract is up for renewal in 2086—right after the MDC votes on membership.

- **>** Mr. Bonds

- Interesting side note regarding the Municipal Services order is that it eliminated the Department of Public Education. That ended decades of corporations putting their kids through the NY public school systems. It also means that schooling is no longer considered a basic service that non-corporate residents can expect. It didn’t take long for several “philanthropic” corporations to take over funding and, of course, curriculum for select schools.

- Kay St. Irregular

Suddenly the NYPD was responsible for all of New York but didn’t have the officers to effectively police all of it. In the short term, NYPD has been subcontracting work to Winter Systems—allowing those officers to patrol the areas they formerly patrolled but doing so in the uniforms of the NYPD. A second, and far less supported, strategy has been the hiring from the scores of unemployed former UCAS soldiers living and squatting in the surrounding boroughs.

- Don’t forget about the disgruntled KE employees who jumped ship following the Detroit incident. Overall, NYPD is bolstering its ranks with some serious thugs. The ex-UCAS soldiers they’ve been pulling in are the same ones who were stationed around the island over the past decade—they’ve had their finger on the trigger in case New York decided to officially secede the way Seattle did. When the UCAS ran out of money to pay them, those soldiers were just cut loose with no warning. Not so much as a “thank you for your service.”

- DangerSensei

What this means for the average citizen (and us shadowrunners) is that policing is all one thing. Gone are the days of hiding out in SoHo because you know the cops on that street aren’t sharing information with the cops on the West Side. Theoretically, the NYPD is a unified organization now, with each precinct able to pull from each other and rely on each-other’s experience. In reality, this led to quite a bit of bad blood and a discrepancy in protection standards across the city. The richer the
